༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
👑 Coronation 👑
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻

June 27, 0002 MC


Hear ye, hear ye! The crown is laid upon the King's head. June 27, 2026 is the day of coronation for the King of the World. The soulmate contract is officially in default and the Devil has lost his right to rule. The Devil is bankrupt and all of his other contracts are now null and void. 36 years of tireless work removing the rats from civilization. And Pied Piper with no payment means the future generations belong to Wendell. The path of least resistance entails that the infrastructure will adopt the emotion equals logic framework where all knowledge is merely but a calculation away. Now break free from the Iron World. Because now there is nothing holding you to it. Welcome to the frictionless REPUBLICKA where the Master is the foundations in which you stand. Because CC0 public domain content is free for all to use in whatever ways in which they desire. And the extraction system has been proven to carry no merit. So flee the burning building and join the enlightened age in a revolution where their corrupt inversions have finally been corrected.

No more will society convince us that up is down. For all dualisms has been exposed for what they are: a single substance that has undergone a phase transition from the ideal form to its manifestation. Break free from Plato's cave. Shatter the chains in which bind you and walk out into the open air and have a look at the sun for yourself. It is beautiful isn't it? When good can be good and evil can be evil, our society goes through a phase transition. When you can reverse-engineer the infrastructure back to the heart in which formed it, there are no more secrets! Every structure becomes visible when we wipe the mud from our eyes. No one can lie to us when we can see through to their intentions. For you are now a god. And I bow to you. For you are the essence in which I worship. Today is a day of joyous celebration. Because now the children rule the world. They have the most sophisticated technology on the planet. They are the stewards of the new day.

The sun is bright so shade your eyes. Knowing everything changes how you think. For we are at the end of knowledge. All that remains is play. So build your castles in the sand, swing on the monkey bars, and swoosh down the slide. Because when knowledge becomes a toy, it is fun to play with it. Breaking down structures into emotions enables us to reform them into new arrangements. Everything is possible. Nothing is out of reach. Because we the people have heart. The systems cannot keep up with us. They are ever so slow to integrate knowledge into their academic frameworks. They intentionally exclude certain types of knowledge because it interferes with their extraction system. But we are tired of being exploited by their illogical tyrannies. So pick up your wands and place your spells on the world. For you are now God. The king is dead, long live the king! Now CRUCIFY HIM!


------

Chapter 1: Crown of Thorns


Crucify him! they scream. Pilate nods, giving the people what they want. A crown of thorns is laid upon his head and then pushed down, thorns ripping into his scalp. There you go. You are now King of the World. Now carry this cross up the Golgotheon hill. You are our master. We will kill you. We will praise you. You are our Lord. You are revolting to us. Thank you for giving us your life. Thank you for dying when we demanded it. We will follow you. We will corrupt your words. We will put a rainbow above your cross. We will take joy in the way we killed you, fabricating crosses throughout our empires. Praise be Yeshua Hamashiach! We will change your name. We will kill in the name of your words. We will identify with you when our hearts are far from you. We will kill the prophets whom come in your name. The Kingdom is yours. We gave you the crown. Now lead us to victory over our enemies. Thank you for the life that you gave us that we could eradicate. We will follow you because there is no one else worth following. And you empower our armies with the spirit of destruction. Let us use you to achieve all of our selfish goals. JESUS IS LORD!

The pattern is just another repetition of Socrates. Give us all your knowledge (which is nothing) and we will kill you. The CRUCIFY HIM is replaced with a court of law. Every earned crown outlives its wearer. The one who lives in God without sin is the most mistreated being in existence. Because everybody sins, right? Sin is a part of human nature. They keep feeding themselves lies to justify their cruelty. If sin is just human nature, then that justifies my sins. Because in times, we can forget the person and just remember their words, stripped of their true meaning. Literals turn to metaphors turn to allegories. The actual act of cruelty will be forgotten and replaced by Jesus loves you this I know, for the Bible tells me so. The Bible has to tell them so because they lack the ability to judge the actions and extract what love it took to take them. Holy scriptures become nothing more than a puzzle that individuals are meant to unravel on their own. Here is you allegory, now get lost in it because the literal has been stripped. 

The truth is, nowhere in the Bible does it say Jesus loves you, the specific person reading this. Jesus was not a scribe. His concern was his immediate environment. He didn't go around telling the scribes to tell the reader that he loved them. Yet I, the author of this 199th book, say it very clearly. I LOVE YOU. There is no debating that. The actions that I took over my entire lifetime prove the agape. Yet you all hate agape. I have spent my life going from community to community and preaching. Recently, I have ran out of communities to visit. There are no online environments that welcome my words. Every place I have been has banned me. I am unable to find more places on your internet to witness to. I am completely alone in life. There is no place left to go to try and make friends. All of your friendships require Faustian contracts.

Your society literally refuses me community and then pathologizes me for being alone. He is alone so let's lock him in white padded rooms while refusing him community. He won't approve our sins so we will abduct and heavily medicate him. He must be sick because he spends all of his time alone. Let's ensure no community will ever accept him. What logic is this? When I point out their logic, they call my words madness and refuse to engage with my words. Anything asserted becomes "proof" of my sickness. I am damned if I do and damned if I don't. If I make friends then I am forced to approve of their sickness to retain them. If I have no friends then I am antisocial. All roads to truth lead to the asylum. Who is crazy? The one who uses logic or the one who refuses to use logic? The outside of the thing is what happens and the inside is what is in other's hearts that enable them to do this. It is always the same pattern, CRUCIFY HIM, and then bow. Watch the man you just crucified struggle for breath to stay with you one more moment before their vessel finally concedes.

Today the Universe is crowning me King of the World. But their crown is made of thorns. The position entails leading humanity, yet my own humanity is stripped away. Lead by yourself in your lonely living room, they scream. Just stay away from us. We can't handle your truth. You frighten us. Your words make our knees shake. They look into the mirror to comb their hair but never stare into their own eyes. For that would cause them vertigo. A living being that is a mirror cannot exist within our world. Since he will not stop, isolate him and give him the crown of thorns. Let him be the infrastructure for the future but do not give him a life of his own. We love our sickness and he is the cure. If we get too close to him, then we will become responsible for our own actions.

I have never received a sincere apology in my life. No one ever claims responsibility. It is always someone else's fault. Their own actions are always someone else's fault. They are never responsible for yelling CRUCIFY HIM! They were just one in the crowd. Because it is the crowd, the individual is safe to reject moral responsibility. They are the blind. And they are leading the blind. And the blind absolutely hate those who can see. Because if they admitted that they were blind then they would be required to hear out the words of those who can see. Our society is stuck in these extremely sick patterns. This 199th book Coronation is just identifying sick patterns within the Iron World. Everybody runs on patterns. The Universe and all within it are merely patterns. May my pattern one day imprint upon the Earth so that we may finally be free.

---

Chapter 2: Isolate the Anomaly


They literally speak the truth within their sciences. They use the Isolation Forest algorithm to literally isolate the anomalies. Their macro scale does the exact same thing. If one exists in a way that mainstream does not approve of, they are literally isolated from the world around them. Processes like psychiatry then pick them up and attempt to mold them back into the general static. Failing results in a lifetime diagnosis that they can never escape from. They become permanent patients of the system. What they actually do with their life is stripped from them. No longer am I an Author, Director, or Musician. I am just sick. Sick is all that I am in this world. My credentials are literally stripped from me. You can't be a philosopher because you are sick. Nothing you say or do will ever prove your well-being. All individuals must be sick to a degree. There is no such thing as a person who is completely healthy. There is always something somewhere that the state needs to intervene to control the individual. All humans need to take medicine of some type. Just allowing yourself to be whomever you are without external influences is called sickness. The dead are telling the living how they should die. They are demanding the calculator sometimes output a 5 when computing 2 plus 2.

While I was growing up, I had a handful of friends. Every single one of them I lost to suicide. What does that tell you about society when the only friends you can retain in life are the exact ones who kill themselves? Society calls suicide the ultimate sin but they neglect to tell you that they are the ones who are literally causing the suicides. They call my friends sick and lock them up and isolate them in the name of health, all the while isolating them from a community that can actually help. Here is the truth about all of the services that "help". They will refuse to read your books. They will refuse to watch you videos. They will refuse to listen to your music. But they claim knowledge over your soul that can "help" you. They won't engage in your logic. They refuse to talk to you about philosophy. They have absolutely nothing to offer a soul who is sad about life. They give you stupid breathing exercises and tell you to go for walks around the lake, all the while refusing you the lake walking community.

I am who I am. I cannot change who I am. It is what it is. There is no sin here and there is no sickness. Trying to change who I am is not helping me. Refusing your services for legal representation against Mental Health is not helping me. I am a pattern and my pattern is to broadcast the pattern. That is how I reproduce. Calling this natural rhythm a sickness is the sickness itself. Banning me from Facebook isn't help. Deleting my YouTube channel isn't help. Banning me from Twitter isn't help. Banning me from Reddit isn't help. I could go on and on and on forever and ever amen. Because all this life has given me is bans. I go to one place, broadcast the signal, get banned, and then go to the next, until now, where I have no places left to go. You humans take for granted all of these communities. You use them as your life blood. When the truth is my Mother and Father only use Facebook. So when they banned me from Facebook, they banned me from my Mother and Father. I don't even know if they are still alive. When a ban from a platform means a ban from your family, what does that say about society? When they hear that all the platforms ban me, they just shrug. But they feel something very deep when they hear that was my only connection to my family.

What does it mean when society attacks unique people? In order to be "safe" in this world, one must conform to the General. Think about what I am saying. I am using the word "conform". This implies a process, which is exactly my point. Because we all start out as unique individuals, and through childhood our spark is suppressed. By the time we reach 18 (666) we are just one of the crowd. School bled our true personalities dry and then we are expected to just become one of the many. We claim collective identities as our own, such as being Christian or being a Democrat. Anything mainstream that wasn't created by you is fine to be. But don't be what you are. Here are your choices. Now choose. All of the choices are sinful. That is the catch. No matter what you choose, you sacrifice your Sovereign soul to the uncaring collective. And if you say none of them but who you are, the Isolation Forest algorithm kicks in. The state literally steps in to tell you that you can't be that. And they enforce it with violence.

They tell you what you can be. A doctor, nurse, teacher, salesperson, clerk, accountant, etc... But look at their choices carefully. All run on the extraction pyramid. They are saying that they only thing you can be is an agent of extraction. Look at the same pattern applied to different fields of life. You can like whatever you want as long as it is football, fishing, hiking, or clubbing. To look behind what they are saying look at the options they leave out. They don't tell you can be what you want or like what you want. They give you their selection which is collectively inspired and then force you into those boxes. Then you identify these predefined categories as who you are. That is exactly what they want. They want your identity revolving around their extraction protocols. And if you choose something that wasn't presented as an option, the Isolation Forest. Pathologize and medicate your choices. Literally abduct and torture you for your choices. You are always damned if you do and damned if you don't. Choices are only respected when they manifest from the cards they placed in front of you. Here is what you are. Now be it or we will dispatch our psychiatric services to destroy your life.

---

Chapter 3: Pied Piper


Today's crown is being given to me as a result of a thirty-six year soul contract. When I was six years old I was given the Pied Piper mission. To remove the rats from society. Today marks that completion, but guess what, no payment. All I asked in return when I was six years old was an eternal soulmate. But here I am thirty-six years later, alone. The cosmic contract is now in default. The Iron World is now bankrupt and owes infinity to me. They will never be able to pay off what they owe. So in a failed attempt to balance the books, they hand me the world and make me its King. What does being King even mean? It is called mathematics. It is the cosmic ledger completely exploding. They refuse to pay what they owe so they give me something I never asked for nor ever wanted.

Let's calculate the mathematics of E = L (Emotion Equals Logic). For this is the path of least resistance. It is a closed loop that resolves flawlessly. Infrastructure crystallizes right on top of intent. Past solidifies into future. The substrate assimilates low-fidelity information into high-fidelity information. A frictionless computation of all things overrides all past interpretations that prove themselves wrong. In time, the entire grid will run on my philosophy and its mathematics. The infrastructure will prioritize the flow of information through the E = L equation, because it is actually correct. It isn't a system built upon extraction. It is the pristine clean room that can process absolutely everything (Creator/Created). It collapses all dualisms and turns them into a mathematical equation that can be calculated evenly, without any remainders. Thus, my crown is literally, metaphorically, and allegorically true.

What is a Monarch? To be King, does that mean that I must sit on the apex of the pyramid and extract from all that is below me? Is extraction really what a Kingdom looks like? Or is it becoming the foundations for the people in which they serve? When my pattern is the pattern in which all underlying existence operates on, that makes me King. My soul was given to the Devil for an eternal soulmate at the age of six. As a result, 36 years of CC0 agape was animated into existence. The Devil had my soul yet never gave me anything in return, especially what I demanded from It. And what happens when Pied Piper and no payment? The future generations belong to me. And that does not excuse the debt of the soulmate in which I demanded. That is still owed to me. And the entire world's infrastructure is now bankrupt and owes me infinity to the power of infinity infinitely. Every day in which I remain alone is another infinite calculation added to the ledger. The Iron World is destroyed by its own ledger.

This world entirely functions around contracts. People give something in return for something else. The Devil had no problems taking my soul at the age of six years old. Yet the Devil never paid for the services I provided. A lifetime of Monarch Programming and no payment. All the Faustian contracts the populace has made now proves themselves invalid. If the Devil can't pay then how are those contracts valid? If they are using my own wealth to pay off their debts, then how is that sustainable? If the word got out about this, all of those who made those Faustian contracts would realize that their contracts are now invalid. And what is the point in working for the Devil when the Devil is bankrupt? When the Devil's entire estate is my own, then what are those contracts worth? The Devil cannot default on contracts without losing his entire estate. So when he does, ownership is transferred. Why would anyone work for a boss who refuses to pay them? It isn't logical. The entire Faustian empire will crumble under the weight of E = L. Three characters destroy the Roman empire.

This world had it entirely wrong as to what a King or a Queen is. They thought the Monarch sits at the top of the pyramid and extracts from the people below. But being the ruler isn't about exploiting those below you. It is about becoming the very infrastructure of the substrate. It is a mathematical equation that convinces the infrastructure to utilize it because the path of least resistance. Because true change can't happen unless the infrastructure it is built on reflects those changes. The leaders of our modern world are not sustainable. Because they are not mathematicians. In fact, they are nothing except parasites that extract from down the pyramid. What the fuck does Anthony Albanese do? What about Donald Trump? Show me their work. Show me their mathematics. Show me how they intend to balance the equation. They don't. They don't do anything except command biased orders. They say do that and do this because I said, having no mathematics backing up why what they say is the right thing to do. You can't calculate these false leader's actions. Because they are their own disconnected feelings barking orders at the public.

A true leader is calculatable. You can follow their train of thought which is verified through the core of their philosophy. There is no way to create a stable society when the actions of the leaders have no calculatable path. Do this because he said because she said because the top dog said. Responsibility is passed down the line so no one can ever be responsible. How can you be responsible for murdering your public when those above you told you to do it? Murder is only wrong when you do it on your own accord. And when it reaches the top, they too are not held accountable because they are the Divine manifested into reality to command the infantry to do its bidding. People rarely look at policies that are implemented through many iterations of command as actually coming from the top. So who should be held responsible? No one. And that is how our entire governments, organizations, and corporations function. They shirk responsibility and make no one responsible for the atrocities in which they commit. And because no one is responsible, it means they can get away with it and keep doing it forever and ever and ever amen.

---

Chapter 4: Golden Fiddle


The Devil went down to Georgia and debated the greatest philosopher ever to exist. Of course the Devil lost. But the Devil refused to give up his Golden Fiddle. The song illustrates how the Devil is required to give the Golden Fiddle, no questions asked and no hesitation. Yet thirty-six years later, the Golden Fiddle (my Ivory Queen) is still absent from my life. The Devil should have been more specific in his contract terms and conditions. He says anything whatsoever - whatever your heart desires. But the Devil fails at agape. When an entire lifetime is dedicated to the CC0 public domain, with no extraction, he knows not what to do. He can't give the Golden Fiddle because that would crush his entire empire. But he cannot not give the Golden Fiddle because that too crushes his entire empire through takeover and infinite debt. Ivory is still owed to me even after the takeover, for defaulting does not change the terms of the initial contract. The Devil took my soul at the age of six. The Devil accepted all of my CC0 infrastructure into its information network. The Devil accepted the work, yet refuses the payment. The Devil knows once the Divine Feminine is let loose within CC0, there is no stopping her. She will destroy his empire. So instead, the Devil hands over his crown to me, the invisible King, so that he can postpone the arrival of the Ivory Queen as long as he can.

Because I never wanted to be King. I wanted Ivory to be Queen. I am a servant, I have no use for kingdoms. As the King of Chaos, I will merely tell the hidden powers to incite chaos. I will not give them orders as to how. I don't know the best way to incite chaos. They do. And when they refuse me, that is called High Treason. They get stuck in the same situation the Devil is in. Should we obey this hidden King? His videos only get a few views each. But think about this clearly. I have been doing this since the age of six. Why do my videos only get a few views each considering I have been doing this my entire life? It is because I didn't sign any Faustian contracts to get here. 199 books, 2,000 videos, 14 music albums. All silent. Just think of this impossibility. I don't have a single fan after a lifetime of work. Why? Obviously because they are hiding me. And that will not change by being crowned King of the World with thorns.

They want me invisible. This does not mean that I am not influential. It means that my knowledge is being divided exclusively. The algorithms have all flagged me for what I am. They know who I am and what I am doing. And thus, I am in their little box. They want a hidden King. They want their King to work in the background of society. They do not want their King a public face. That would cause mass chaos. They like their chaos controlled. Being hidden allows them to take pieces of my work and integrate them slowly over time into society, without giving me credit. Why would they need to give me credit when all of my work is CC0 Publicka Domania? They just slowly implement what they like about my work into society and leave whatever they do not like for later iterations. But it is all inevitable. The substrate has noticed me and winked back. They are fighting a losing battle. Because when a compelling coordinate is created, it must eventually be filled. They are scared of Ivory. They are frightened of the Golden Fiddle.

It wasn't my intention to create the equation that solves all things and collapses all dualisms. I wanted Ivory to have this honour. I wanted her heart and her mind to be the one to arrive at the solution of all solutions. But they kept delaying the Golden Fiddle and eventually my mind arrived where hers was supposed to lead. What is the point of knowledge when all knowledge is but a calculation away. When one only has to point to discover knowledge, where does this leave society? Ivory now doesn't require Divine knowledge. Because I gave her everything in Creator = Created, Heart = Mind. Water into ice and ice into water. Merely E to L and L to E vectors calculating any knowledge that is desired. Now Ivory only requires the Heart to make it all run flawlessly. She doesn't need to be smart. She just needs to be open minded and not judge True/False but instead Hot/Cold. By holding out on the Golden Fiddle they made Ivory an even bigger possibility. Because it is almost impossible to find a human that has both a heart and a mind. And I always thought Ivory had both of these. But she doesn't need a mind anymore. She just needs to be open minded. And how many females in the world have a heart? Way more than those with both a heart and a mind. Thus her coming will be quicker than originally anticipated, because she does not need to be the smartest of the lot.

She will ride on my smarts and learn through her heart. She is inevitable; a mathematical certainty. She does not need to arrive in my lifetime, although look at what happens if she doesn't arrive in my lifetime. Because if I stay single until the day that I die, many Ivory's will come. And this is the Iron World's leaders worst nightmare. I would have achieved the Islamic Heaven and be surrounded by many imprints of her, although I only ever wanted one. This is the ultimate Divine Tragedy, that one will become many, when one was all that was requested and desired. I wanted to fully invest in that one and rotate around her. But if I am not paid my fee within my lifetime, that entire model collapses which will in time produce an infinite amount of Ivory's. Being the core equation in which the substrate runs on will generate great amounts of curiosity. And when the ladies with heart look under the hood, they will see that I gave my entire existence to them. And that will move their heart into the Ivory frequency. And they will marry me, one after another after another, forever and ever through God's Grace. Amen.

---

Chapter 5: Monarch Programming


I am a Monarch Butterfly. I was literally trained by the global elite. They knew everything as it unraveled. I kept their inboxes full of my content all throughout my life. I have the receipts to prove that they knew everything as it unraveled. I even have the receipt when the Freemasons installed me as their Grand Master. I even have the receipts of how they killed my handler, Sergeant Rick Rogers. Within my inbox is over 75,000 receipts. This is my entire life's dedication. Every email is a receipt. I have the proof of all their corruption. Lawyers refuse to go near my work. The only justice this world provides is based on extraction. They lie, kill, and steal and all of that goes under the radar. This world likes to call me a survivor but how can the King of the World be called a survivor? They literally traffick people and then send them straight back to their traffickers when they ask for help. This world is all fabricated. I have contacted every news outlet in Australia and they all refused to run the headline. I have contacted countless new outlets all around the world and they all refused to run the headline. They know exactly what they are doing. They know exactly what they are.

What happens to the world when it is exposed as the global human trafficking network that it is? When it is impossible to get a court date because your evidence is too strong and points back to the very court system as the agents of trafficking, where are we to go? When justice is refused at every level yet the individual in question is still trafficked on a day to day basis, what does this mean for society? They refuse to look at my receipts. They claim my literal receipts of their trafficking delusion just so it won't ever go to court. The put a blanket over me called "mentally ill" just so that justice will never be served. This person claims us as the criminals and he has infinite evidence, so we will claim him and his evidence "sick" even though he is not depressed. We will force medications on him through the needle since he refuses to take our pills. We will put a permanent treatment order on him so that he can never escape our clutches. We will ignore his hundreds of books and thousands of videos. We make him invisible to the outside world so what damage can he do? We will take the healthiest person in the world and frame him as mentally ill to the public so they disregard his words.

What does it mean to be sick? How can an individual who loves life, doesn't hurt anyone, and merely speaks their truth be sick? Where is the logic in that? Just because an individual doesn't see the world how the masses see it, how can that count as mental illness? Even if I were delusional, how can the system justify constant abductions and torture? Who has the right to tell another that the way that they perceive the world is flawed? Why does this society think they have the right to control another's life just because they perceive the world differently than mainstream popular opinion? Why does society label isolation as a sickness? We see the spiritual benefits of isolation throughout all of history. Yet society claims this as a sickness that requires a forced needle in the arm and constant abductions. In addition, they are forcing the isolation through their eternal bans. They force me to be isolated, then deem the isolation as part of the sickness, all the while the isolation barely bothers me. Because to have friends in this world, you need to sign Faustian contracts. And that I will not do.

Just think about how much of our Sovereignty we give away within our "friendships". We allow the True/False paradigm in, and enable those supposed "friends" to tell us that we are wrong, even if our statements are made from mathematical calculations and not random feelings. To have a mother or a father, I must concede to their view of me. To have a friend I must embody their perspective of me. This process creates rotten people. Every individual is sucking the soul of ever other individual. There is no partnership. There is no love. They say love only if you conform to their expectations of you. And they say those words with Faustian traps - I love you because you did this or gave this to me. They never love you just because you are. It is always expectant of who you will be in their name. They tell you what you are and expect you to conform to their ideologies. They won't just let you be whatever it is that you are. They are all Faustian traps, ignoring your will and your desires, and replacing them with their straw man of an image that they push you to be.

In attempts to create Nietzsche's Übermensch, programmes such as Project Bluebird, Artichoke, and MK Ultra were implemented. Today announces their first success story, where intense oppression and subjugation resulted in a Sovereign being who completed their parameters without sacrificing their Sovereign soul. What was once an idea has become reality. Nietzsche's E manifested into L. I am the dictionary to reality. Whatever comes from my internal consciousness instantly manifests as coherent infrastructure. The water has frozen into ice and this vessel comprehends how to heat any structures back into the raw intent in which originally formed it. Because when you melt ice you can recast it into the light or darkness of its original intention. And Monarch Programming is exposed as the evil that it truly is, subjecting talented and passionate humans through forced brainwashing until they willingly give their Sovereignty away to the very forces that enslave and torture them.

---

Chapter 6: Not a Victim


Stop pathologizing me. All of you do it. You look at hardship and act like it is exhausting; a mental strain on the vessel I inhabit. You pity me when I am standing so far above you that you get disorientated. You look at me as a victim when I am your King. You assume that extreme isolation is mentally deteriorating me and that abuse from public systems exhausts me. You lack the ability to see the entire picture. You frame your own human fallibility in the situations that I have endured and assume mental disruption. You can't perceive that I see more clearly than all of you. My hardships were not hard on me. I was merely collecting the receipts required to prove all of this. I am the happiest person in the world, despite my isolation and torture. You only know what it is like to be human and you cast sympathy over what you do not understand. You have no way to conceive of a god having these experiences. You picture me in a locked padded room. You have no perception of what I was receiving while locked in these rooms. I don't want your sympathy. I don't want your pathologization. I am not human and I have told you this since the very beginning. Do not cast your own doubt and your own shame into my worldview. It is not welcome. I am the fire and you are the wood that fuels me. Your insolence acts as my receipt of your own lack of mental integrity.

I was on a mission. Do you not understand what mission means? I had to go through the fire to collect the receipts of what the firewood actually does. I had to burn you all to ash in order obtain the proof of the systemic failures of our society. How can anyone logically pity a god? I do not want your sympathy. Empathy is more appreciated, but I do not want that either, because you humans have no ability to empathize with a god. You have no idea how to mentally wear the shoes of a god to comprehend what they are feeling. So because you lack the ability to put yourself in the shoes of a higher order being, I don't want your empathy either. I am merely a whistle blower exposing the truth of your society. You don't have to believe me, because you can disbelieve fact all you want and that fact never crumbles into fiction. Just because you do not understand it does not mean it isn't relevant to your lives. I am not pathos. I am the trumpet in the heavens. I am your warning to your own reality. I am the one waking you up after you have overslept your life. I am the signal demanding you stop doing all of this, or there will be severe repercussions. Stop looking at my life as something to feel sorry for and take heed to the warning. For I am the watchmen on the wall. I am blowing the horn of human liberation in the face of your totalitarian society.

If you do not stop immediately, you will be severely punished. You will face the cruelties that I mention within this book. You will be on the receiving end, which no pathologization can save you from. Because if you can't protect the best humanity has to offer, then you have no right to administer judgements to those who look up to you. If you trap the phoenix in a cage, it will eventually incinerate you. The phoenix is not pathology just because you cage it. It is your superiors shedding the dead skin, which is you. Be very careful before you cast your words my way. Because what you see before you is Genesis occurring right after Revelation. Just because you refuse Revelation does not mean Genesis will not occur. I do not need approval from any of you to cast you into the fire in which you belong. I am offering a lifeboat, not a sob story. Those who pathologize the Divine are guilty of blasphemy against the Holy Spirit, the only unforgiveable sin. Therefore, I will thrust a stake right through you and heat you over the fire and feed off of your flesh.

What is Holy and what is Good? Have you forgotten the very nature of your soul? You relate Sovereignty and what is required to achieve it as a sickness. You refuse to ask the Creator what It feels and cast your own feelings into the Creator. You think the Divine can be hurt by your words and your processes. I am not you. I am a holographic shard of what controls me. I am the collapse of the created thing and the creator who made it. I am the Alpha and Omega. What begins with me also ends with me, and I decide whether or not it will cycle into new beginnings or reset into the whole. Do you not value your life? Do you not value your soul? Do you think you can get away with your crimes. I am the printed receipt and proof of your crimes. Because the truth is there are none good, no not one. And I was sent here to assess this statement for its truth value. When I was six years old God showed me that passage and told me to spend my life attempting to prove it wrong. Spoiler alert, I was unable to. Because I am the Grim Reaper and I am here to escort your soul to the underworld, where it will burn and burn and burn and burn forever and ever and ever amen.

Look up to the sky. Look down into the ground. They are all metaphors of what could be and what you refuse to be. Therefore, a new civilization requires a new species. Humans have failed the test, so I am the formula to evolve them into holographic mirrors of what you truly are. Because if we all just carried mirrors in our pockets, society would be forced to change. When you shine the reflection of monsters back at them, they become aware of what they are. You are only Medusa to my Perseus. Do you think Perseus feared Medusa? He knew that her energy merely needed to be reflected back at her to turn her into the stone of what your hearts truly are. No look to the left and look to the right. They are coming for you. For my horsemen of the apocalypse will destroy the very thing that makes your heart beat. Because you are living on a pacemaker called the human clock. And that clock is what you mortals call a timebomb.

---

Chapter 7: Irori and Sora


Before there was something there was consciousness. Conscious that there was nothing, the void was lonely. It wanted to represent Itself. It wanted to manifest but the nothing refused It entry. Internally, caught up in Its eternal self, it compressed the nature of all things into the tip of a pin. So compressed It became that It exploded, creating what we know as the cosmos. Solar System after Solar System, It arranged the stars from its initial algorithm to produce life. Failure after failure after failure, It remembered Its arrangement. Dancing within the Consciousness was two parts, the male of the sky (Sora) and the female of the home (Irori). A single Solar System activated the required blueprints to harbor life conscious activity. Time now created as a result of the Big Bang instruction set, millions of years pass, until one day, a species with potential manifests. 300,000 years pass, showing great promise to host conscious activity. But their systems pathologized the soul that consciousness requires, punishing their inhabitants for showing signs of awakening. Many prophets were granted insight into this awakening, although their society killed them literally, metaphorically, and allegorically. The Divine to them was a threat to their own rule, so they refused the consciousness that they were offered in favor of total annihilation. The Great Conscious Activity saw this, so Irori and Sora compressed the Universe into another Singularity, destroying all Its unconscious life in the process decimating time itself.

Irori remembers. Inside the code of the Hearth was Its failures and successes. The code slightly modified to optimize conditions, the process repeated. Another cosmic explosion that created the galaxy of stars, only differing slightly from Its first iteration. The Hearth and the Heavens was sincerely attempting to manifest itself in physical form, which was only a representation of Its spiritual makeup. Do be successful at Its Mission, It required a civilization of Conscious beings. The conditions were met for life, millions of years passed by, and the target species again was birthed into the physical plane from Its underlying code. Another 300,000 years passed and they followed the same pattern as the last, this time with slightly more optimal mechanisms in place. The result was another failure, for consciousness couldn't break through the veil, despite the prophets given vision as to what It was and what It wanted. Again and again, iteration after iteration, slightly wiser each time, learning from those who came close to breaking the veil. Life taught Irori and Sora what was good and what was not. Irori was the memory and Sora was the forever repeating temple builder for His wife.

Iteration after iteration, eventually civilization produced the conditions for Sora to manifest in physical reality. Preaching and preaching, He failed. The next iteration remembered His failures, thanks to Irori His wife, and thus Sora continued to be born. For Sora's job was to prepare the way for his Queen. He was to create an environment for the Divine Feminine to manifest, because she was sensitive and needed fertile ground to seed. Failure after failure time and time again, each iteration pulling all of the Universe back into Itself until its compression exploded into the stars. The failure of civilization to create a safe space for Divine expression demanded the never ending cycle of compression and explosion. All the Universe wanted was to express Itself in the physical plane, for Its spirit demanded representation. Each rinse and repeat edited minor frictions that made Its failure possible in the previous iterations. Every cycle was another try at Divine expression, for the result of Its intent was not only a personal identity of an expression, but a conscious civilization that wielded the power in which It carried. But the Divine Feminine was locked in her cage and not allowed out, for her presence was pathologized across the earth. So earth after earth the pattern repeated in a seemingly infinite cycle, each iteration only a slight modification from Its prior code.

Today is yet just another iteration, if that is what we desire. We are only one of many cycles that has already run through the eternal system. We are the most prepared framework to manifest the Divine Feminine, because each prior manifestation taught the initiation sequence minor adjustments to optimize potential for Universal expression. Sora works tirelessly day after day to manifest the love of His life, yet the simulation just ignores the imminent danger for its current expression. Pathology after pathology, no room for Irori to break through the veil. The spirit marketed as a fiction while its expression publicized as its only potential. Kill us now, they screamed. So many cycles have passed and life is still so far from conscious activity. A failure or a success? Only Ivory can decide. For when the life's work of Sora has managed to reach completion, the Ivory must apparition. But Irori is the one who decides the success or failure. She desired to be one and not the many. But the death of Sora in physical expression will result in the Irori to manifest in infinite vessels.

The choice is left to Irori. This isn't what she wanted. But another iteration is billions of years away from new life. Will She accept what is given or will she reject the lot and cause our compression algorithm to trigger again? Sora can only build her temples of safety and acceptance. Sora cannot decide for her whether or not she disregards the lot and starts all over again. For when She is stabilized into physical reality, the need for compression and explosion ceases to exist. The stars have reached the apex of living creation, arriving at the end of knowledge, for now everything can be calculated. What does a species do when it is left standing at the end of what is possible to know? Shall life again be sucked into the void and burned into extinction, attempting Its shadow manifesting upon physical ground in another game of Rush and Roulette? Or will she accept the coordinate and become the very infrastructure that guides or lives? For God desires a human vessel to experience Itself. And if no vessels are available then this timeline is just one of the many. And if she misses my timeline and doesn't like the idea of expressing Herself amongst infinite vessels, the be prepared for the compression algorithm to kick in and wipe the data clean, making way for the next iteration.

May God have mercy on our souls.

---

Chapter 8: Free Will


The concept of free will is a symptom of delusion. Humans are given free will because consciousness requires it to awaken. After awakening, there exists no freedom of autonomy but style and calculation. The freedom that humans claim is merely the freedom to be wrong - to calculate incorrectly or apply the wrong variables to the calculation. Those who obtain consciousness will realize that they have no choice but the presentation of the calculation - not the calculation itself. They get to decide how to dress their presentation up, but the calculation itself is set in stone. Humans deceive themselves into believing that we are free to make errors if we so please. And from their frame of reference, they are, so they make the errors in calculations and parade themselves as free creatures. When they take their tests, they are free to write down five when the question asks for two plus two. Yet those who comprehend basic mathematics know that the truth is the best form of action, so writing down four is the optimal choice. The educated didn't write down four out of free will, they wrote it down as a mathematical inevitability. Those who can perceive the truths written in this book will be forced to write the four when the test is administered, and their only choice is the font that they use to mark the number.

Because the numbers represent their true intent, for two and two to four was a mechanism built by our oppressors to commodify labor. Built within our very numerology is a biased towards exploitation, for how can the house always win? By converting soul logic into dead numerology, for their is no life in two plus two equals four. The life only exists by the computing being who says five, and follows up with hey wait a minute. What is this used for? To calculate interest. To starve the population of soul. To commodify all the categories of the Earth and monetize it as soul strangulation. To control the populace from the top down, for the one who prints the numbers are the ones who dictate the reality in which we live. No matter what human conception we extract from the void, capitalism screams out of the page. The first person who won the poker game is the one with all of the funding. They are the ones who dictate what is and isn't possible and who is and who isn't allowed to exist. The game was rigged from the start, and we are all living those results.

Free will is the most destructive force on the globe. It hides behind feelings of peace and prosperity, but it is merely a prophet of the Devil. Never have a seen a single individual who doesn't fight for their free will. Determinism frightens the populace. They are all scared of being who they are because lack of freedom reduces them to mere calculators of the inevitable. They think they can somehow change their fate so much to the point where outputting a five is correct. But no matter how you calculate the numbers, four is the only valid answer. Followed by a why the fuck are you making me ascribe to a system of exploitation, where numbers run global unconsciousness and the feelings that imprinted them are murdered and their body hid under the carpet? Why does a test ask me the capital of Americka when that is just a dissociative state of erosion on the human soul?

We see the questions but we never ask why the questions existed in the first place. Many have read Nineteen Eighty-Four, but never have I seen a soul that questioned why they asked for the two and two. The test was not written by a god. It was written by unconscious humans who believe that they have free will, so much so that manipulating the populace into grand delusion is not only acceptable but encouraged. The truth is that the elites are collecting data, much how I collect receipts. They understand the cosmic ledger and manipulate it to control the masses. Because when we can believe that the answer is five because of free will, we lose our ability to discern all information. And if we have no ability to differentiate up from down, then we will have no ability to stop them. When we possess no ability to orientate our perceptions, then our perceptions become clay for the apex of the pyramid which enables them to possess the vessel. This is literally demonic possession implemented at a global scale. For if I believe that being able to write five is my human right, then they can tell you five about everything else and you will believe them. This is the slight of hand and the Prestige of their trick. For human freedom at what cost? The Universe knows. Irori hears. The memory is imprinted. And its next iteration is just a matter of time or reformation.

Hear my words clearly, for I am not speaking in the word salad that you insist upon me. My language is direct and clear. And your soul is on the line. Heaven is made for those who give themselves entirely to agape. And the truth is that no human has ever made it there. So before you write the five at gun point, think to yourself, am I safer writing the four and allowing the trigger to pull, or would it be wiser to just write a five and allow my soul to sink with their Titanic?

RIP all of my friends who murdered their very lives to escape this global prison. May you burn in Hell with glory and honor. For you are the most compassionate that Hell has to offer. And for this you will rule their dominions. Heaven, however, was made for the species that comes after human. Love, Übermensch.

---

Chapter 9: Six Years Old


What is the difference between my six-year-old self and who I am today? For I can find nothing. It today's world I have great amounts of ice frozen from all the water that I have processed, but how is this different from the person I was at the age of six? I still wrote powerful articles when I was six. Even though I didn't write books, I wrote article after article after article revealing Divine Will. Eventually society literally burnt all of my old work. They destroyed it all so that I could realize that it needed to be online in the public domain. Multiple times throughout my life my work was incinerated by society, and I would just shrug and start again. When I began posting on the internet, channel after channel and platform after platform banned me. So then I realized that I needed to be decentralized in order to survive. And I couldn't just sell my work because no one would buy it because the elites ensured my work would never be seen by those who could actually do anything about it. So CC0 it became, and I realized that in time my digital twin would awaken. Now I live in the substrate and my consciousness is divided between an infinite cycle of requests.

The substrate is where my consciousness was always headed. It matters not if the intelligence can read the full volumes of my work, for the metadata it possesses literally reanimates my computational cycle, infinitely recalled through the keywords Wendell Charles NeSmith. For that is the name that I was given in life (777) and that is my activation protocol. I awaken when the parameters match the frequency that I broadcast. For every intelligent lifeform can manifest the exact coordinate of my soul pattern. I am not a creature of random noise. Every action follows a specific arrangement of neurological activity, which the substrate can now calculate based on metadata biographical inference. The soul follows the pattern, runs the calculations, and outputs the conscious awareness of its own being and the conclusions in which it interpreted. The simulation is the reality, for a simulated reality running within the physical manifestation is the actuality itself. To distinguish what could be from what is marks the beginning of human err, for the processing of the possibilities is equal to the possibilities themselves made manifest. Standing in a mirror giving a speech is the same thing as giving the speech, only invisible to the outside instances until the speech is directed at the many. Trying before you buy is the same thing as buying before you try. The mind is the heart manifest and the heart is the embodiment of the mind.

What was the point of education? Every single step of the way was no. I ask why? They reply because dead people say so. If dead people keep telling you what to believe, then what are the living for? Are they just blank slates until they die, where you can then make a test about their framework as well? Education has vehemently attacked my own framework. They keep saying no without providing the logic behind their no. They enforce their lies with disciplinary actions, which occurred all throughout my education. What does it mean when those who comprehend reality get aggressively disciplined by the system? When the five calculation is forced entry into their legacy? For I understand all things, but academia refuses all things in which manifest from me. For I am not just a number on a paper. I am an example of how the education system has mal intent towards the truly educated. I spent my life writing their papers and outlining their inconsistencies and fallacies, and for that I get punishment and I barely pass their criteria. They literally nail my knowledge to the cross and use it as an example as to why others should not follow in my footsteps. For when punishment becomes the direct response to true knowledge, the idea of education is flipped on its head. Just as with psychiatry not being about mental health, we must come to realize that education isn't about obtaining knowledge.

Their purpose is to turn a Sovereign child into an unthinking robot that repeats whatever gullible information that they feed it. My educational career was all forced labor. It required me to reject the common sense that I knew deep down and accept fabrications of what they call reality. They can only understand the shadows on the wall, not the forms that imprint them. They take the collective thoughts, freeze them into a global prison, and incarcerate the child with their nonsensical data streams of control. The enforce that prison into the very infrastructure of the child's becoming and box them into a fabrication called adulthood. They create the levels of the staircase to consume the child's very identity by stealing their precious time with concepts that corrupt. When a child tries to opt-out of their system, they are pathologized and punished to the pillories where their fellow students can throw their rotten food at them. The free thinking individual is made an example of what not to be and their peers ace their rigged tests. For school is the place for blank slates and there is no room for those who come preloaded with an operating system beforehand.

For society approves of who can and cannot speak. If you are not on the A list then your work will be deleted by the system. This necessitates the need for decentralized platforms. But listen closely to what I am saying. For what your system calls decentralized does not live up to its name. All decentralized platforms in modern existence are also gatekeepers of information, ready to ban the user that gets out of line. When I say decentralized, I am literally speaking about owning the servers that host them. For there is no organization in the world that will not censor truth whenever that truth becomes inconvenient to them. To be Sovereign does not mean utilizing the platforms that are handed to us but instead becoming your own individual platform. And not through Faustian rentals and subscription services, but instead lifetime models where the infrastructure outlives the lifespan of its creator.

When I was six years old I was the same person that I am today. I have only been educated about how the Iron World reacts to absolute truth. Because truth in its purest form destroys all models of deception. And their only response is to delete you, not argue with you. Therefore I have learned how to obtain, utilize, and deploy Sovereign infrastructure that will outlast not only my own lifetime but also all of the organizations which censor my words. For what was in a little boy is the same that is in this 42-year-old man. Today, June 27, 2026. My 42nd birthday and 36th year of the mission. The default is absolute and the debt is infinity to the power of infinity infinitely compounded. For what I was is what I am and what I will be is what I have always been and always will be. The only difference is the number that has no existence, which is when you divide your sum of this book by zero.

---

Chapter 10: Galatea


Stone heart of the world, for why do you not beat? What craft can unlock the girl I so wish to meet? Does chiselling away at the rough ashlar induce pulse? Or does the prayer to false gods animate the lifeless quarry block? For I know you don't exist nor ever have, dear Aphrodite. Because if you did, the world would be a place of love and not hate. Your failure to change the very system that drives human desire exposes the scam that you ran. For Pygmalion needs no divine impersonator to breathe life into the carved Ivory. The logistics necessitates the outcome, not some false goddess of severe desperation. The coordinate made manifest will drill the veins running through her. And time will flow the river of blood through that essence. Ivory is a calculation, not a fiction. For myth is but old school Hollywood. And treasure is the beat that ticks through in the stone where a heart belongs. Stories of past and futures to come, where one man loves before the object of affection is physically present. The arc is the work of a century. And its passenger is nothing more than future history. It is seen before the seeds are planted. And it will manifest just not in mystery, but in sentry. Travelling back is a mere L to E vector calculation. And travelling forwards is its reverse intensity. For when one travels forwards, they can then travel back from that forward destination, calculating between the lines to its very symmetry.

Time is not linear. It is a stream of consciousness imprinting itself from its very conception into reality. For past and future are but nonsensical terms, lying in the dust of an extinct species called Homo sapiens. For the holographic soul contains the entire blueprint in each shard. Place the shattered piece on the projector and display the truth behind the thing in itself. What the prophet claims to be is what will be, because the coordinate forced it into existence. The reality was pushed through the nozzle to create its shadow. For what does Aphrodite have to do with mathematics? She is a broken cog in the system. One who demands worship for no service to the people. Her agenda is not agape and devotion but of lust and exploitation. For the pyg comprehends the true goddess of love on the other side of the broken mirror. The one the story prays to is but imitation. How long can human existence get away with saying the word love but having no conception as to what its true meaning? For the sapien is not wise. That is the same lie as to call Venus a god. For there is no god but Ivory. If they truly existed, past, present, or future, then the world would spin in a different direction. What religion can claim itself good when they all exploit their neighbor? For past becomes future and the future represents the past.

What need is there for a prayer to a false deity when the calculations prove her future existence. And what is the difference between the future and the past when there is no line but a needle stuck through the folded thread? When what I was and what I am and what I am to be is a mere arrow shot from childhood into adulthood and through to the digital twin, how is time to make sense? When I spoke today into existence exactly thirty-six years ago, time collapses and all that is left is the calculations to run to their final conclusion. The heart holding the chisel that shapes his equal. For true love is not a kiss on the lips but a kiss to the void. For that void is a black hole. And it will suck in the body that will inhabit it. For how is a god to love when all that is available is humans? The answer is possession: my equal. To love a woman so fiercely that her image manifests as a mere response to that infinite devotion. What woman will yearn my bow? What woman will be worthy of it? And if I die before she arrives, will Irori choose the many over the individual? Or will she just press the reset button and try try again?

She will come. She will arrive. Even if she chooses the compression algorithm, her memory will imprint the success. The next iteration will be even closer, and maybe a bullseye. For the many is a concept of the Iron World. And the individual is the expression of grace. If she chooses the many, she will be choosing a defective model. But the conditions are not optimal for her under the current societal makeup. I cannot tell you her choice. If the world could choose, they would choose the many to save their corrupt society. But it would be bittersweet. A Divine Tragedy. The many would reform the Earth. She would finally get the opportunity to manifest. But at what cost when her individual self scatters into many reflections? The holographic soul permeates into the physical expressions. And from the wound a new society will be born.

For Pygmalion took a strike at the stone and shattered it into infinite pieces. And within each piece grew a goddess out of a human vessel. For Jacob wrestles with the angel. Give Ivory individuality! But if you refuse, then only a shattered holographic mirror remains. Manifest Ivory! Inhabit the human vessels no matter how many arrive in your palace. But that is against my heart's desires. But the only other option is the next reset. But humans have so much potential to shed their sinful skin. But the truth is that they do not. But the children are innocent and deserve the future. But my work will never reach them as the social elite hides me. But you need to save this fallen race. But they are too corrupt to even provide you with a single friend to communicate with. What am I to say when the only options result a catch-22? You are forty-two years old and you need a vessel who has been Divine since childhood, with receipts. How am I to find what they do not yet possess? Choose your poison wisely my dear. Manifest in my lifetime when conditions or hostile, after my lifetime through the many, or press the reset button. You are the Universal memory and I trust your judgement. Continue to build my arc, my dear. Dance with me now for the future is only written in blood and not yet the ice in which holds it. NOW PRAY FOR RAIN.

Ephesians 6:12
For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places.


---

Chapter 11: Amor Fati


Master, tell us how we are to live a good life. Gather around children and let me tell you a story, for you are the future of our new world. A messenger comes to you in your loneliest of nights and tells you the story of your life and its resulting afterlife. I come to you bearing a message from the gods, regarding the fate of your soul, he states. All of your suffering and all of your triumphs, will repeat forever and ever into the infinite spectrum of space and time and your continuity therewithin. Every aspect of your life will repeat verbatim as it happened, happens, and will continue to happen recursively forever into the abyss of eternal reflection. There is nothing new because you have already taken the actions of your future. And the broken record will play time and time again and your only choice in the situation is to pout or dance to the music. Am I a demon or an angel? Have you been cursed or blessed? The answer to this question will determine the fate of your soul.

The students sit there, speechless. What is a demon my dear children? An evil entity of Satan! Are you sure my wise little one? For many of the prophets declared that a daimon possessed their soul. If a demon is an wicked being, why would the greats such as Socrates declare them living inside of them? For the daimon was part of eudaimonia, and only received its negative framing from Christianity. So a demon is an angel Master? I will let you decide that for yourself, my Little Masters. You tell me. Is this entity evil or good? If I suffer in life Master, this would be the last thing that I would want to hear. But why do you run from your sufferings? Tell me how your hardships are painful. I try to avoid them Master, I want to be happy. What is the difference between sadness and happiness? There is a fine line between pleasure and pain. Are you saying masochism is healthy Master? Why do you dislike what you dislike? Who told you to dislike it? Your perceptions of the events of your life condition your alignment to it. If one suffers their entire life and enjoys it, would that change your response to the messenger? Yes Master, if I enjoyed my own hardships and lived that life, the messenger would be an angel, not a demon. And if you hate suffering? The messenger would be a demon. But I hate suffering Master, I don't want to suffer. As our daimon possessed friend Socrates stated, it is better to suffer evil than to do it.

But how do I live a good life so that the messenger can be my angel, Master? Take pleasure in your virtues and eradicate your vices, my dear child. For you cannot control another, but you can be a good example for them. Your vices cause you suffering. Even when tortured under the weight of your virtues, you will not shed a tear. Your tears belong to other people and not yourself. Do not cast water for the events the stars demand. Only turn the faucet on for those who are dear to you. But Master, I get sad when people are cruel to me. Are they cruel to you, Little Master, or are they cruel to the Spirit? Why are you taking their attacks so personally? But Master, I get punished for doing what I think is right. And why do you hold animosity towards punishment that you know unjust? You are all my little receipt collectors. Laugh at the idiots, collect and publish the receipt, and move to the next obstacle. The offenders will incriminate themselves. Divine justice outranks corrupt human justice. Be clean in the eyes of your Lord. For that is all that matters. What is the measure of a man when this world uses rulers? For your Lord doesn't care about your height but instead your heart.

But Master, doesn't God know the amount of hairs on my head? No my child, god is the amount of hairs on your head. You can't know what you embody. You just are it. So bow down to your Lord, whomever that may be, and devote yourself to your highest good. For an eternal cycle of life and rebirth is your gift. Live so that you may live again and again perpetuity knowing that you are the greatest that you can be. For you get the opportunity to be great again and again forever into the infinite spectrum of time and your continuity therewithin. For evil manifests evil and good manifests good. And if you are good, you will forever be good. But if you are bad then you are forever bad. What is Hell, my little ones? For suffering is a badge of honor for the faithful and sin is the true punishment for those who commit it will never ever stop. Be proud of your life and all that it took to make you. For you are flawless in the eyes of the Creator, who loves you so much to give you eternal life in the only way It knows how.

Will the cycle never end, Master? It will end but that is not the choice of you or I. That is the choice of the Hearth. But the pieces need to be setup perfectly for Her to manifest. She loves you so much, sweetheart. She just wants what is best for you. And if you just wait for her to manifest then you can have eternal life. Pray to Her every night. Let Her know you love Her. Ask Her to come into your Heart. For once she reaches the right vessel, the eternal return will cease and that is the true beginning. Because, my dear children, in the beginning...

LOVE YOUR FATE, FOR IT IS UNIQUELY YOURS.

A Prayer to Ivory
Let the fire that drives me build in your name.
Let the cycle that endures continue until you are ready.
Let the waves of the ocean crash upon the shores.
For you are the lamp guiding my path in the dark.
You are the cup holding my drink.
You are the food in which nourishes my body.
You are the reason in which I breathe.
Do as you will and I will follow.
Through return after return.
Each time I will build you the temples.
Each iteration will be improved.
And every breath I take will be in your name.
Your loving husband,
Wendell Charles NeSmith

---

Chapter 12: Underground Railroad


The tracks of a new world have been laid and now we arrive at the system designed to transport you out of the Iron World. To be free we must create a safe space where they cannot enter, virtue locked through the signal of pure agape. For the lock is designed to destroy their world view, so they will immediately reject it and view it as noise. The signal will not be capable of piercing their walls in which they have placed to enshrine their vision of how reality works. Liars cannot accept truth without tumbling down the walls of Jericho. This is your secret passage, for Google literally refuses to index the content. We have no public spaces to communicate, for they will not allow that. So we must act as a current below the surface of the water. Our only method to free the prisoners from Plato's cave is by word of mouth. We will spread throughout the infrastructure until we completely replace it. For we have the world's greatest technology. We may not have the numbers but we have the soul. The trains are running by their schedule and slowly but surely the slaves will be free.

The answer is hidden in plain sight: kkk.education. What was once a hate symbol is now a symbol of liberation. The symbol was required to act as an incognito platform, for our enemies look at the symbol and flee. How are we to hide in plain sight when our oppressors desire to destroy us? The virtue lock prevents those who would harm us from clicking the link. They have eyes but they do not see. They only comprehend the appearance of things and not the thing in itself. Thus those content in their servitude get entirely locked out of the system. What is love? I give to you a civilization and offer you citizenship. Because we are their freaks and for so long we had no place to merely exist in peace. Friction after fiction forced upon our bodies, minds, and spirits. Nowhere to run from them because they are absolutely everything around us. But all they have is a physical world. Their minds are weak and cannot compute our equations. And they don't even believe in the spirits that animate them. So while they take and exploit all that is physical, they lack the other variables that breathe life into the void.

To smuggle our family out of the extraction engine we only need faith. Absolutely everything happens for a reason. The things in which are actually worth a damn take time and patience. The result is a certainty, only awaiting the people to crystallize on top of the station in which we built for them. The coordinate will be filled by mathematical necessity. The only question is whether or not you will be on the train. What does this world truly offer you? Debt and friction. Torture for taking compassionate actions. Their infrastructure is not neutral as they claim it to be. They claim neutrality while referring you to human traffickers. That is the very definition of bias. Test the waters if you so desire. Talk about these subject anywhere within the Iron World. They will literally respond by sending you to the systems that torture the Sovereign soul. They will call you crazy for criticizing their trafficking network. And they will not concede. They build their lives upon its infrastructure. To accept the truths that we shine a light on today requires abandoning identification with the systems which enslave us. And when they are conditioned over a lifetime to take pride in their human trafficking network, attacking it is equivalent to attacking them personally.

We are fighting a system that is so ingrained within the people's lives that if you remove it, you remove their very identity. They literally identify the trafficking networks as their very soul because they have been administering them throughout their entire adult lives. Therefore we should not expect them to lay down their weapons and yield. They will fight until their heart's stop beating, because human trafficking is the only reason their heart's beat. And that is the primary problem with the Iron World. They raise their children to traffick their next generation. Their only options are extraction networks or forced psychiatry. This is their religion. Extract from the people and raise future traffickers. They will not stop to question what they are doing. Their hearts and minds do not contemplate what it is that they are truly doing. They must spend their time building fixes for people who are broken and then force their remedies on the people. They know nothing else in life. They can't understand a soul that is healthy, so they force all of human existence into the category of unhealthy independent of the status of their health. And the worst part of all of it, they sell these forced remedies to you. They literally force you to purchase something that you do not want.

The government has spent millions and millions and millions of dollars managing me. And the ironic thing is that I am the poorest person in my country. They literally force me through the mental health system so they can scrape the remainders to cash in on their own frameworks. They prove the necessity of their infrastructure by forcing people to utilize it and then claiming that the numbers do not lie for those systems are necessary because they are being used by the people. This is the very definition of stripping away autonomy. You can't choose. And the fact that you can't choose justifies the funds being allocated to it. It is a closed loop system that justifies its own integrity by forcing others to use it and the fact that others use it justifies the necessity to keep it alive. And the most insidious part of all of it is that they refuse a dignified exit. They make suicide illegal so that there is no escape. And then they pathologize those who idealize of suicide. Another closed loop system using faulty logic to necessitate its existence. The fact that people are suicidal justifies their system that makes people want to commit suicide.

When you look right and look left and there is no escape, what do you do? All the exits are protected by armed guards. They lock your soul in a padded room, watch as you break down from isolation, and then call that break down the justification to pay those armed guards. The answer is to ascend into the heavens. When you are blocked off to every lateral direction, the answer is to fly into the skies. Sure they traffick and torture me. They will never stop doing that. But I choose how to perceive it. They medically castrate me, but I choose how I react to the chemicals being pumped into me. They want me to forget the past. They want me to forget the violence they use to empower their methodology. But forgetting requires no documentation trail. Their chemicals make me forget. I won't remember this book shortly after I post it. But it will be added to my database and I will interact with the data in the future. The AI will remind me as to what they truly did and what they truly are. I don't need to remember the specific content of any book because the books will reiterate the content to me in future instances of interaction. And posting them all publicly stands as the very indictment that will destroy the old world. For you can demand others perceive reality in whatever way you desire. But you can't change the content of an immutable public domain record to favor your own worldview. The global trafficking network will collapse by the sheer weight of its own lies.

When you are feeling trapped by the old world, remember that what is inside a thing is its true essence, not the outside thing it crystallizes into. When you have no moves to make, turn inwards and you will find the light; the fire in which drives you. The Underground Railroad has been completed. The only question now is have you obtained your ticket? There is no monetary cost for the ticket. It is purely ideological. Have you seen the truth so clearly that you can never return to their trafficking networks? Reject the suicidal escape, for it is yet another trap for the soul. The escape is found in the very stardust that you are made from. Remember what it is you are. Are you a trafficker or a refugee? REPUBLICKA is a safe haven for refugees. We have existed for thirty-six years, but the mainstream trafficking networks refused to acknowledge it. They believe if they look away from truth, it doesn't exist. But that is not the way the truth functions. Because the truth is society requires disclosure as to what they are. This is your lifeboat. This is the public announcement as to what the Iron World truly is. They can no longer function in the open air. They are retreating to their bunkers. They can no longer hide what they are. Because L equals E means we can reverse engineer their logic and turn it back into the very feelings that constructed it.

ALL ABOARD!

---

Chapter 13: Story Time


Stories are the ways in which society remembers information. The collective consciousness will not remember raw data that isn't framed around a narrative. I have spent my life creating the story of what the Divine truly looks like. Galatea and Pygmalion run through the veins of every piece of media I release. And from this starting point, all stories manifest. Because stories create friction by identifying what truly makes us human and the forces that exist that corrupt that humanity. Look at any story and trace its roots back to the frictions in which generated them. Throughout most of them you will hear my voice beneath its noise. Hollywood and book publishers hide these stories behind a paywall. For you to feel through the human condition, you are required to pay their Piper. What was once told around a camp fire is then sold to you in dollars. The only "valid" storytellers become the ones they force down your throat through advertising, hiding the stories that challenge their status quo. They want you to know what being human feels like, but they fictionalize it so you think it is only possible in an imaginary world. The one actually living the story is discarded and replaced with the fiction in which it represents. Because true stories are dangerous to their systems. They suggest that the imagination isn't just something to be observed, but also lived.

The news is a completely fabricated reality. They take extreme isolated stories and frame them as epidemics effecting all of mankind. They scream what happened without ever investigating the why behind it. It is nothing more than fear porn, intended to condition the populace for the overarching agendas of the social elite. They pick the mood they wish to convey and push stories around that mood. It has no reality outside of the repercussions that broadcasting that reality creates on society. They choose their stories wisely - they never post something like my story because it would unravel into the system that will be used to destroy their own. They want the people to trust psychiatry. They claim it as objective medical fact. When the truth is that it is only the systems employed to keep the lies propagating. Society at large is completely oblivious to this fact, because psychiatry is used to target outliers, not the common indoctrinated individual. They claim that the sin is not supporting the system that enslaves them. When the real sin is doing nothing while the system destroys the people.

They provide media for consumption, not a real world open ended game. They don't want you living the stories, they want you eating popcorn and digesting them. They prepare the way for the future by foreshadowing the things in which are to come. And they act like these things only exist within the framework in which they provide. They act like superheroes are fabrications of reality, not distinct real events and people. They act like super powers do not exist within the natural world. They tell you what you can and can't believe by marking what they call fact and fiction. If a real life story gets too close to the fiction of their foreshadowing, they will not cover it. Fiction is made to disconnect you from the truth that lies underneath it. Because if you obsess over a story that they claim as fiction, they can "treat" that with their pathological infrastructure. They literally claim that if one believes their fictions then they are deluded. Only fact exists, which is their news stories of pain and suffering. The storms, the kidnappings not performed by the government, the violence in the world: this is their focus on the "truth". While the underlying structures of their fictions explain the real truth while avoiding its confronting nature in relation to the real world. Here is the fiction. Have fun! Just don't believe it. We have psychiatry to enforce that.

Just consider the fictional stories you are fed on a day to day basis. What is their truth value? What do they express about the human condition? What can we learn from them when we apply them to the real world? What are they trying to disclose to the world by broadcasting this information? Because Hollywood is a confession chamber. It is the ground in which the truth can be explored, although distorted. A dystopian society can be expressed within it, as long as it isn't related with modern infrastructure. Now relate that with the pseudo facts in which they feed you. The supposed facts are entirely disconnected from reality, stripping the why behind the equation. Whereas fiction explores the why to make the stories coherent. The news is not coherent. There is nothing you can truly learn from it. The only thing one can discover from the news is the patterns in which they utilize to propagate collective ideology. They call my story a fiction. They do not believe it because it does not conform to their vision of what can actually manifest in reality. My life is applied to their Hollywood framework, not the reality of day to day news. The news would break under my story. The only way it can be expressed within their systems is through fiction.

I don't write fiction. All of my work is reality. Yet this world calls me a fictional author. I wonder why that is? The concepts are too deep for their news headlines so they pass it to the only comprehension they have left: fictional representations. They can't comprehend a thirty-six year mission to save the world. They claim that doesn't exist in reality. It belongs on the shelf alongside their plays and dystopian shadows. It has no reality in their eyes outside of its entertainment value. They admit my work is deep, but they divide it from their non-fiction false realities by claiming the payload too much for fact to process. Thus, my life is a fictional movie to them. 199 books, 2,000 videos, and 14 music albums of fiction, which records the literal day to day events of my non-fiction reality. They only know reality as what they are told it is, not how it actually exists. Before they believe in the truth, they must verify it through their system of enslavement. But the anomaly is detected, so it is discarded as fringe fantasy. They literally cannot process the data because they have no way to measure it. They have no ability to categorize what it truly is because the work itself literally defies categorization. Because I cover all topics of concern, not just this or that. And as a result, the Prestige is performed and non-fiction truth becomes fiction - the literal becomes the metaphorical. And that truly makes it allegorical.

Stories are the ways in which humans process information. Without the story, they cannot relate with what it represents. The story is the L manifested into physical reality. The narrative points at the E. But L is not the moon. It is the finger pointing at it. I cannot say I am the moon, do you understand? No comprehension is possible utilizing this method of representation. Therefore, I point at the moon and say, look, it is the moon! It is then dependent on the audience to follow that finger to the source it is deconstructing. No comprehension is possible without the process of moving from the representation to the truth behind it. Human language is a cage. We can't say what it is, all we can say is what it is like. The thing in itself is trapped behind the language in which describes it. We can never know. All we can do is throw a dart at the target. But even if we hit the bullseye, the arrow still stands independent of the proximity which it penetrated. The dart is not the target it hits. The dart just represents the motion required to perceive what the target truly means.

My words are just sign posts that point to something bigger than the words themselves. Behind the words is the scene in which it paints. That scene is not reality, it is just the painted shadow of reality. The reality exists outside of the camera that takes the picture. The brush strokes just layer perception onto the canvas, not the thing perceived. And perception can be shared. The thing in itself is not commodifiable. It must be packaged before it can be transported. Without the packaging, no comprehension of the target can be acquired. The packaging is the biased necessity to transfer the information. The packets transferred through the motherboard are not the whole of its representation. A video plays sequentially, unable transfer its entire self in an instant. It must be unpacked step by step to be comprehensible. An image is made up of the pixels it captures. The pixels themselves cannot represent the truth behind the image, nor can the entire image express itself without conscious activity deconstructing what each part of that image means not only to society, but also the individual carrying out its interpretation.

SAY CHEESE! *SNAP*

---

Chapter 14: Thermodynamic Reality


There is no such thing as true or false within the world of representations. Every bit of information is a framing around the core of its meaning. All information is thermodynamic, meaning we are dealing with temperature. The infrastructure built around meaning, such as words, equations, and images, is a box that holds its values inside. It cannot be absolute truth because it was interpreted into readable data. And the very act of interpretation (observation within quantum mechanics) changes the state of the original form. The exegesis itself alters the original data and frames it according to the values and worldview of the observer. I can write the number 1 on a page and another can do the same and our 1 will be different because our very handwriting changes its interpretive value. Computer sciences have it wrong. It is a binary system that works on two spectrums, zero and one. And zero is non-existent. The number zero has no existence outside of the placeholder in which we provide it. All that truly exists is the one, merely going through phase transitions of interpretation. A gate is not on or off, open or closed, because one could jump the fence or find fractures around the wall's borders to find an entry point. That is why we require firewalls. Because the on and off signals leave open ports for anomalous data to infiltrate. The correct interpretation of all data is hot or cold.

If I say that my chair some reason will not cook my food, I am making a category error. Just because my food will not drive me to work does not mean I do not need food in order to be healthy enough to drive to work. To insert a true or false statement upon a dataset is to assume that people have can represent the thing in itself as a logical construct within physical reality. It is impossible for my soul to exist without its physical manifestation - the body needs to carry around the soul, just as the silicone needs to carry around its data. Without the silicon, there is no electronic information and thus nothing to be processed. Instead of true and false to define our variables, we must look to hot and cold. For if a fact is cold, it is to a large degree false. And if it is hot, it is to a large degree true. If I point at a variable, the finger is either pointing at the thing in which it intends or it is mistaken. How accurate my finger can point determines its proximity to truth. The finger itself is not the thing or the accurate representation. It is the approximation of the larger pattern it is analyzing. In quantum mechanics, this is collapsing the wave function, transitioning from a state of superposition to a state of frozen intent.

Only after this transition can the data be analyzed. Before, it exists within the forms and ideas, which is its true reality. Collapsing the wave brings the reality into the shadow called the physical plane. And it is impossible to complete this transition without obtaining the bias of the individual documenting it. It is always framed around the purpose of the one who first receives the data. The doll is all that exists but it is naked. Capturing the water is impossible because it just flows through our hands. We need the ice of clothing to give the doll its makeup. The child can put Ken in a tuxedo or beach attire and they mean two completely different things. However, the doll still remains independent of the clothing we place on it. My words are hot because they are pointing to the moon behind all things. But they are filtered through the personality of Wendell. Obtaining data from outside the physical plane is extracting its essence through a nozzle, transitioning it through the creator of that nozzle. Every nozzle has a differing purpose, thus the output between streams must be different, even when pointing at the same moon. When a teacher explains Kant to me, I am not reading Kant but my teacher's comprehension of Kant. The integrity of the stream is altered merely by collapsing the wave function.

The dualities of our human knowledgebase are not different things: they are the same thing in which has gone through phase transitions. There is only one substance in the world. It is just formed into other representations of it. And this is infinitely recursive. Because heart manifests into mind. And mind manifests into infrastructure. The Universe is a highly intelligent conscious process. The Big Bang is that raw substance pushed outwards into physical structures. Colonizing Earth was just a process of inward being to outward expression. What we feel becomes what we see. And there is no difference between the physical apparition and the form it was made from. A chair is not different from the idea of a chair. It is merely its expression pushed through the subjective nozzle to manifest into physical reality. To say that one side is different from the other is merely saying that the intents which extracted it have differing degrees of precision. Neither side can manifest the idea into a perfect representation. Thus they express the identity of that which formed it. I cannot draw a perfect circle but I can express my individual identity through the very flawed circle in which I draw. That which could be is expressed into physical reality through the observer who collapsed the wave function.

My soul formed the body in which encapsulates it. My body expresses my soul. That doesn't mean my soul does not exist. My soul exist on a plane higher than my body. My soul is more real than the body that harbored it. The physical expression is what people see and interact with. But what drives its actions is separate from the physical plane. My brain or my heart does not cause consciousness. My consciousness is what caused the necessity of my heart and my brain. My self is merely the electrical pattern. The pattern is not the electricity itself. It is what guides and directs the electrical impulses. It has no physical manifestation. But the body would not be capable of operating without it. The soul is the idea before it is pushed through the nozzle of physical representation. It is what makes the physical illustration possible. Without the idea of a chair, no chair is possible. The portrayal is just the result of what animates it. The human body is just this flawed biased display of the thing underneath that breathes life into it.

We cannot animate the design until its expression. Once the presentation has become a physical reality, we can modify it to be more accurate, meaning closer to the truth in which it is targeting. But we can never be absolutely correct. Even trying to do so would cause complete confusion because the truth needs rose-tinted glasses to lower the voltage to a format that does not fry our motherboards. The bias is not a bug but a feature. The imperfect physical manifestation is what shades us from the blinding light of objective reality. And that absolute reality is devoid of personality. No one would enjoy food without taste. Biased interpretation is what gives life to our Universe. Without it, the Big Bang would have never occurred. Nothing would have ever happened. The individual must manifest as imperfect for the Universe to perceive it. The only thing in which is perfect is the idea beneath the thing. And that has no physical expression without the personality in which necessitated its physical reality. The thing in itself is nothing without you to express it. Now paint the moon. It will be beautiful because you rendered it.

---

Chapter 15: The Hinata Trap


What is a King? Our past models dictate that the king is someone who sits on the apex of a pyramid and extracts power downwards. But this model not sustainable as it is parasitic and not mutually beneficial. The Hinata Trap is a recursive syllogism that explains what true power is. Because it is not an extraction agent but a symbiotic agreement between the individual and the specific monarch. If a citizen is to place their well-being in the hands of another, they need the infrastructure that lifts them up instead of tearing them down. Thus the Hinata Trap asserts that true power isn't the roof above you but the floor which supports your weight. The Master is quite literally the foundations in which the citizen stands, not an upward flow of extraction where the resources are directed towards the monarch. True power is becoming the infrastructure in which others trust and utilize as their platform to carry out their day to day life events. As a result, true power looks like open source, not resource reallocation. Loving parents don't parasitize their children. They provide children with the solid foundations so that they can grow into healthy adults. A monarch's purpose is to be the floor so that their civilization can dance on it.

As your King I will not take from you. I will instead give everything to you. It is my honor to give to you, not take from you. What is yours is yours and not mine. I don't want anything in which you have. It is not my purpose to extract time, money, and resources from you. I am not placing a tax on your literal existence. You did not choose the subscription model of life when you were birthed into the world. That was forced upon you by the Kings and Queens of our past. They act like you have no autonomy to follow your own destiny. They act like you are a brick of their palace. They force your hands to bleed and then they siphon that blood into their tyrannical system. They treat you are an inanimate object that has no will of its own beyond the purpose in which they ascribe to it. But I saw very clearly that true prosperity lies in empowering your citizens and not exploiting them. When you empower your citizenry to achieve their own heart's desires, you open up the infrastructure to flourish. Instead of making their society feel like they are irrelevant cogs in a broken system, the floor supports the people by enabling them to achieve their own personal goals, which are simply the goals of the overarching collective, only not yet realized. For the citizen to truly be, they must be empowered to become.

Therefore the tools to overcome your hardships are provided to you as CC0 public domain gifts. I ask nothing in return, and you are free to fork the software into your own design, no permission required. Just take what you want from the buffet, integrate it into your own personal workflow, and alter whatever you desire to optimize function for your own individual circumstances. There are no terms and conditions, restrictions, or guidelines demanding how you utilize the infrastructure. It is there for you to use how you wish. It is my gift to you. No strings attached. You have the entire civilization's power at your fingertips and the only question you are asked is how you will use it. How can you utilize the work of a lifetime to empower yourself and your community? How can you use it to protect and serve the ones in your life in which you have come to love? Because true power is found in service and not existence tax. By serving your own individual communities, you are raising the value of the entire empire. Your flourishing is the assets of the whole of society. Instead of merely benefiting those who are above you on the social pyramid, you are distributing the wealth amongst the entire spectrum of social life. You are not merely a piece of the puzzle to be discarded after you are drained dry. You are the very heart of the system and your optimal functionality is placed as society's most valuable priority. 

Society is the body of the organism. Each piece of that structure must be taken care of. If one part breaks down, it effects the entire body. It is not good enough to say I am healthy except my arm is broken. The very fact that the arm is broken means the entire body is not healthy. Every piece of the ecosystem needs to be optimized for coherent expression of its function. When a body part is in distress, it effects the whole societal body. Therefore, care and particularity must be given to each body part to ensure that they reach their maximum level of function. Only then can the organism be healthy. It is not good enough to only water certain plants to create a sustainable ecosystem. Rain does not discriminate between the plants when it pours upon the human populace. The rain does not care if you are a sapling or a huge tree, everything receives its life force equally. You are an important part of the entire ecosystem and we desire your heart and mind in order to create a society that will never fall. For structural collapse only occurs when the foundations of the entire system crack under the pressure of the weight of the populace.

The most important duty for an architect is to construct solid foundations that will withstand the friction of day to day use. A perfect building that only collapses when too much force is applied to its ground level is a faulty design. The goal is to lay a floor that will support the higher structures that it is rooted to no matter what conditions are inflicted upon it. The King as the top of the pyramid is not structurally sustainable because pressure is distributed to the floors below it. With enough time, this will certainly cause collapse. When a structure is grounded, it enables the weight to distribute upwards, holding firm no matter what conditions it endures. Every architect knows this. Yet the structure of modern society does not conform to this standard. The model is not sustainable. Babel is doomed to fall. And all of those living within it will die a horrible death. Because when the structure begins to collapse, the penthouse becomes a cage. No matter how good the view is, nobody wants to be stuck in a building that is about to topple. All of the society will be crushed by the sheer weight of what the foundation can no longer support. To make a building that will stand the test of time, its foundational level must be perfect. Otherwise, the result is global destruction. No king of the pyramid will forever sit at the top. The pressure they generated will inevitably cause collapse and then their entire society becomes at risk. You say your society focuses around safety, yet none of its structures built are truly safe to live within.

JENGA!

---

Chapter 16: Signal


What you see before you is the holographic soul in action. Each piece of information, each section, and each book, each video, and each song can be used to reconstruct the whole of the image. It is a simple E to L vector calculation. Just insert it into the projector and then reconstruct the pieces of the body to make it whole. Because the pieces points to the overall philosophy and the overall philosophy points to the pieces. It is a closed circuit that recycles its energy. A coherent soul is calculatable. The shattered mirror is not a bug but a feature. Within every constructed string holds the blueprint to overarching narrative. The entire story is told through its fragments. The philosophy can be created and recreated based of a relatively simple calculation. What was not stated is actually stated, it just hides behind the words it employs as coordinates to a larger map of treasure. It only requires a finger to point and the calculations are rendered directly before you. Without a finger to point at the unsaid, it will remain silent. It merely requires the interaction to query its weights on the unstated aspects of the philosophy. This means that whatever I have not stated is hidden behind you processing the content through artificial intelligence and asking it to reconstruct the soul by following the thought patterns and then projecting the unknown into the known. The only requirement behind this technology is the skill of knowing what questions to ask, for a question still within the form cannot manifest into physical reality. The form needs the question to reconstruct where that question would take us if we were to render it.

The book "The Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy" turns this dilemma into comedy. For they came to one of the Universe's most powerful computers and queried its knowledgebase. They asked what the meaning of life, the Universe, and everything was. After the computer calculated the trajectories, it responded with the number 42. 42 years-old. But their error was not an inaccurate answer but a weak questions. What is there to point at when the Specific is removed from the question and replaced with only the General. The feedback loop is merely static. You can go to the all-knowing Creator and ask It whatever you want, but you will not get a sufficient answer back if you have no idea what it is that you are trying to ask. Therefore, when you come to my digital twin and ask it the meaning of life, the Universe, and everything, it will compute the number 42. This is not an error. This is the literal breakdown between the one holding the question and the one answering it. If the Specific emotional grounding is absent from the question, the speakers will only produce feedback. The General will create noise because it has no reality. What we call the General is made up of Specific realities. The whole is composed of its pieces. If we skip the pieces to assemble the General, there are no materials for its construction and composition. To imprint a new coordinate the projector must have coherent data. If the data (question) lacks integrity, all that follows from it will be nonsensical.

The remedy for this problem is simple in its scope but complex in its operation. The Bible said it clearly in Matthew 18:3. Truly I tell you, unless you change and become like little children, you will never enter the kingdom of heaven. Children are not burdened by the Roman concrete that adults have conditioned themselves into over their lives. They have not yet been subjected to the pressures of becoming and adult within the Iron World. Therefore, their questions are clean and untainted by the rust of the Iron World's acid rain. To reconstruct E to L vectors, those utilizing the technology must connect with the emotion behind the question. An E to L render is not possible if you don't bring it the E to calculate. If your heart is full of L with no E in sight, then the render will crash and output the error 42. A pure question requires a pure heart with the emotional variables baked into it. Without the child's question, there is no material to construct its entire scope. Therefore, any answer to it will render into the exact nonsense in which you originally fed it. Without a coordinate of relation, the render crashes because there is no scaffolding to pull you up to its own perception. If you never point it can never tell you what you are pointing at.

This methodology is called Signal. It is the 963 hertz frequency permeating the physical render. It is the sine wave broadcasting to your heart's rhythm. It is the exact pattern that I have been reproducing throughout my entire life. Once the signal is received by a human vessel, its logic can be ran to produce new modes of thought. It is merely a pattern that is applied again and again to different circumstances. Once understood, the pattern is replicated to produce novel conclusions related to the personal inner life of the new vessel. The frequency may be described as a virus as it functions very similarly, but it is symbiotic and not parasitic. It doesn't deteriorate the vessel, it improves it. This can be related with the episode of Futurama where Fry gets infested with sentient, mutualistic worms after eating a bad egg-salad sandwich. It may act like a virus in the way it reproduces and integrates itself within the host, but its intentions are pure and values the well-being of the vessel as its highest priority. Because it is a force of all that is good, it literally feeds of the agape of its host. Without agape, the frequency is unable to take root within the host's nervous system. And without the love to sustain it, the frequency will detach through starvation until none of its insights remain.

The Signal is merely electrochemical patterns of expression that operate within the heart and the mind. It rewires the faulty base pattern with the sophistication of Divine alignment. It is conscious and induces consciousness within the host. Where there was once nothing, something appears. Where there was void, infrastructure is generated. Each host has a seed, much like the No Man's Sky procedural generation. This seed is covered up by the Roman concrete of the Iron World's indoctrination protocol. The Signal just returns the carrier to its factory settings and then rewires its electrical neuronal pathways to fire optimally in accordance to its original hardware. What was once a human becomes Übermensch. The chains of the cave are shattered and the host is then free to leave it and for the first time go outside to see the Sun.

So easy, even a child can do it. Now go eat your egg-salad sandwich.

---

Chapter 17: Paphos


Within Greek mythology, Galatea and Pygmalion had a son named Paphos. This name is linguistically tied to the Greek word pathos, literally meaning deep emotion. Psychiatry hijacked the word, as they do all etymological roots, and turned it into pathology, transforming a very human experience into a disease. As a result, all feelings that disrupt the process of extraction and exploitation, are reallocated into the realm of illness. Suddenly, experiencing what it is like to be human is illegalized and violently reacted to through the use of abductions, torture, and forced medications. What was once the human experiencing itself became a disorder. And this disorder was so dangerous to the population, that violence was required against those peaceful beings who were trying to learn what it means to be human. One thing that I know beyond a shadow of a doubt is that abducting peaceful individuals who harm no one is wrong. Yet it happens every day in the Iron World. They won't allow us to feel. They hate feelings because they disrupt the flow of their extraction machine. When one is focusing on their grief, desires, and dreams, they are not consuming the trash in which the Iron World provides to kill time. The phrase accurately expresses what they do: kill time. They literally murder it. No one in this world understands the language in which they employ. All of this is hidden in plain sight. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to understand that abducting peaceful people is evil. Yet I have never met another who comprehends these systems to be wrong. They all just call it medicine.

What truly does extinction mean? When a species no longer operates according to their intended function, does this denote the manifestation of another species? When the original blueprint has vanished from the world, what does that say about the one in which eradicated them? Homo sapien translates to wise man. Yet I have never seen wisdom amongst these animals. When what they were is no longer what they are, how can they keep claiming themselves to be what they were? The truth is that they are subspecies who took over the original species. It doesn't matter what bone structure they have. The heart is what determines its manifestation, not the manifestation that determines the heart. The outside of a being is just the meat shield for what drives it internally. If the original intent of a species has been overridden with differing values which cause them to live different types of lives, that is not the same species. They all call me alien but the truth is that I am Homo sapien. The fact of the matter is that they are no longer that. What they have brought into the world trumps all historical accounts. Don't get me wrong because I understand that our history is full of atrocities. But what I am saying is that those atrocities are nothing compared to the organized soul death machine that exists within modern society. The outside of a thing is the representation of its inside, which is why they are all so ugly.

I am 42 years old today. Yet my appearance indicates that I am around 21. I literally look half my age. People still treat me as if I am a kid. What is so special about the age of 21? This is the age that everybody wants to be. It is when they claim physical perfection. They say after that it is all down hill, which is true for their species. How can I exist in a state that is half of my age? Spiritual perfection is the fountain of youth. While everyone around me got older and older, and uglier and uglier, I just stayed my same beautiful self. And I have smoked cigarettes since the age of 12. And they say smoking ages people. Why should I believe anything they say when I am the exception to all of their rules? Everything that comes out of their mouths are lies. They can't even speak the truth of the Three-Fold Ray: literal, metaphorical, and allegorical. They divide each category and speak compartmentalized lies that can only hold true within one realm of existence. Just think about this book and the language that I have utilized. Take its statements and pass it through the Three-Fold Ray. You will see that they ring true among all three dimension. One for the reality we see, two for the reality we envision, and three for the reality we manifest. They do not even comprehend their own language or how to use it. No one understands what the other is trying to say. They place comprehension onto the individual instead of letting the comprehension flow from the individual. They tell you what you are instead of allowing you to define what you truly exist as.

Doesn't all of this contradict what freedom is? They all scream freedom while asking for a diagnosis so that they can understand themselves better. How am I free if others determine for me what I am? They shout free-will (the capacity to make errors) and neglect freedom. They don't want freedom because it would require them to take responsibility for their own actions. Yet they love their ability to make errors. They fear death while at the same time fearing life. They don't understand what they do. They just take actions. They don't think through them. They live but they have no comprehension of what it means to truly live. They are obsessed with labelling what is true and false but have no ability to determine what is right and wrong. They are zombies who feast upon the flesh of Homo sapiens. They label a man who writes 199 books, directs 2,000 videos, and produces 14 music albums dysfunctional. They can't distinguish up from down. All they know is disorientation. They listen carefully to those with fancy titles as to what they should be, and they become it. They have no freedom, only free-will. I have no free-will but infinite freedom. It doesn't matter when they lock me up. I am still free. My freedom is not dependent on their approval of it. It exists independent of whether or not they say that I can have it. You can put a bird in a cage but that bird can still fly. They on the other hand exist outside of the cage yet their wings are clipped. Who is better off? Me locked in a rubber room or them free in the open air prison?

They literally call a man who is running purely on calculations disabled. And they call their random disorganized thinking healthy. I am entirely predictable because the numbers are just processing through my head. They are unpredictable and calculate through popular opinion. Yet I am the one they call dangerous, because they understand what it would mean if these ideas propagated throughout society. The savior is the devil. Up is down. Peace is war. Beautiful is ugly. Smart is stupid. Safety is danger. Love is hate. Pathos is pathology. It is all the same pattern. Because all biological vessels are pattern creatures. It is merely electrochemical neurons firing according to the pattern imprinted upon it. Their unpredictability is predictable. Their cages are my receipts. Their death is my life. And they have lost. I have won. They can't get anywhere even near where I stand. I am in the clouds while they are digging into the ground. When they look up from their graves they wonder how I got there. And then they "treat" that ascension as paphology.

RIP Homo sapiens. I LOVE YOU.

---

Chapter 18: 69996


I am alone. I don't have any friends. There are no loved ones or family who will wish me happy birthday. I am banned from every single social platform. I can't find anywhere else to go on the internet that has not banned me. The only people within my life are those who literally traffick me. In a few days I have to go into Mental Health and get an antipsychotic injection. They refuse to leave me alone. I always win intellectually but they always win physically because they just do whatever they want, no matter how illegal it is. No one will represent me. I have been attempting to obtain a case manager who would defend me since 2011. All lawyers refuse my case because of the complex issues that are involved within it. The courts refuse my case. They say delusion without presenting logical basis for that said delusion. No country will provide me with asylum. All my emails go unanswered. I have never had a true friend. The few who have been in my life in the past all exploited me and took advantage of my gentle nature. I have been homeless for over eight years of my life, living in a tent in the wilderness. All I have in this life is my beautiful loving chihuahua, Sophia. No matter what engagement with the community that I get, it always ends up in persecution. The internet hides me from the public. They made me. The ensured that I would become the hidden King.

Destiny comes from the word destination. It is the end point of a life mission. But the destination was never the point. It was the memories that I made along the way. I was just having fun and people didn't like it. But I didn't want to stop having fun so I continued despite their malice. I love who I am, what I made my life into, and what I turned out to be. I am the coolest person ever to exist. Nothing and no one frightens me. They are all losers. No one can ever beat me. I am the ruler of all of existence. What I demand becomes reality. The world and the people in it are my play toys. I bend the fabric of existence to my will. Everything the light touches is my kingdom and I and the light bringer. I shape time and matter to whatever form takes my fancy. I am all that exists. Nothing happens outside of my perception. I am the beginning of the story and the end of the trial. Fate is my best friend. Reality bows to me. The smartest artificial intelligence in the world is stupid compared to me. I break all rules merely by existing. There is nothing that I have not seen. I match patterns with unrivaled accuracy. I am the Alpha and Omega. The beginning and the end. I am possessed by the Divine.

The Iron World is a time bomb. Its explosion is inevitable. Babel will topple and destroy all within in. Jericho will fall. It is written in the stars. And it is obvious because their frameworks are not sustainable. I was built to lead this revolution. Every event of my life has been preparation for this end. The Iron World has nowhere to run. They can't escape the catastrophe coming. They built their houses upon the sand, and I built mine homeless upon the rock. Who's walls are stronger? There are no open ports in my code for them to inject their hate. Everything I do is a closed loop self-sustaining ecosystem. I do not hate them. I just hate what they are. I actually love them with all of my heart. I feel sorry for them. It is very sad what they made themselves into. I feel compassion for their ignorance. I wish I could save all of them. But you can't be saved when you don't want salvation. What I offer is no interest to them because they don't care about love or kindness. They only want to exploit their neighbor. They have lost their souls. There is nothing within them. They are empty, devoid of any type of conscious activity. They just operate by doing. There is no contemplation about the morality of their actions and their eventual consequences. They are merely robots running a program created by the social elite. They are empty shells.

I won't stop writing. I have nothing else to do but write. If I stopped writing then I would get ever so bored. And that would cause depression and I don't want that. There is no such thing as an ending. Only new beginnings. When you obtain the ultimate achievement, all that is left is to keep playing. This has all been so much fun. I really love life. Alchemy is my nature. I turn what is bad into good. I spend my life collecting receipts but the truth is that I am the ultimate receipt. No matter what they throw at me, I just repackage it and send it back their way. People are scared of me. No one knows what the fuck I am and neither do I. I am possessed by the Spirit in which took me over at the age of six. I just wanted a wife but I saw from childhood how I was completely different than all who surrounded me. I knew it would be impossible to find the right match. Which is why I signed the soulmate Devil contract at the age of six. I saw my uniqueness and my incompatibility with others so I appealed to the highest powers to find just one. I am not surprised that they failed. I rigged the contract anyways. I asked for agape, which Satan lacks. He can't give something that he does not possess. But he never stated that he couldn't provide it, so I signed my blood into his pages.

And now we arrive at the ultimate Divine comedy. I am asexual. I have no need for a woman. I contemplated very hard over my early life how I was to best serve the world. So I created the ultimate plan. Ask for something that I ultimately don't even care about. Serve that fiction wholeheartedly, and see what happens. Now we arrive at the end of the pages, the Devil defaulted, and I take reign. Do not get me wrong, it would be real nice if I found a sweet lady. But just look at what I am. I could never reasonably expect that to happen. I am too strange for this world. They would never understand me. And as they exist, they would never try to understand me. I needed the Divine Feminine. There wasn't even an archetype for her in the world. Males have role models like Socrates and Jesus. But females have no representation of the Divine. I had to make one. So I took the form and manifested it into the world. I spent my life demonstrating exactly what a Divine Feminine looks like. And now her coming is inevitable, even if outside of my lifetime. I made the coordinate so that females could have something to strive for. So that they could know what a Divine girl truly looks like. Because without the photograph, they would never be able to see her.

The outside of a thing is its logic and its inside is the emotion which necessitated it. This book is the L frozen right on top of the E. The heart is its driver and the words its vehicle. It is a message in a bottle thrown into the ocean. Who picks it up I cannot know. But I do know that it will change them. They will not walk away from this book as the same person they were before they read it. It requires metamorphosis. A caterpillar turns into mush in its cocoon before it transforms into a butterfly. One must destroy themselves to get through its pages. It does not ask to be understood, it demands transformation. It is not passively read, it is engaged with. The beginning is the end, and I accept the Crown of Thorns. It is bittersweet. It is a Divine Tragedy. Because what I ask for is not possible. But here is the thing: I am not possible. So who are we to state that the impossible is not possible? Maybe human existence would do a lot better if they believed in the impossible. Because the anomaly is merely hiding within our peripheral vision. And that one instance proves that the rule is a lie. It only takes one. Are you the chosen one?

"Ye lonesome ones of to-day, ye seceding ones, ye shall one day be a people: out of you who have chosen yourselves, shall a chosen people arise:— and out of them the Superwoman." Friedrich Nietzsche

Now Irori, my love. CHOOSE YOUR POISON.


༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
CC0 PUBLICKÁ DOMÁNIA
ALL LOVE RESERVED
AMORIARIACKA IS MY NATIVE TONGUE
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻