༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
⚡️ The Meaning of Life ⚡️
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻

March 9, 2012


Wendell leaves the comfort of home life to take his greatest journey into mother nature to find true value, meaning, and importance in life.

Ever wonder what the purpose of this life you have been given is? How did you come about and what are you to do? What are your responsibilities and what should you make of what has been given, if anything? What is all this stuff in front of us and if we are to understand what is in front of us, then what are our obligations to it? Why is life so hard and why do we suffer? What are methods that we can utilise to overcome and dominate not only our own sufferings, but also our own life? How can we become master of our own destiny and take our place in life that we were built for? These are some of the many questions that this comprehensive philosophy course will attempt to tackle. Please sit back and enjoy as we raise the most important topics relevant to all of humankind.


------


I come to you in your most darkest and lonely of hours, bearing a message from the gods
regarding the fate of your soul. All of your sufferings, all of your triumphs, all of your
past, present, and future moments in their entirety will be repeated, not once, not twice
or thrice, but forever into the abysmal infinite spectrum of space and time and your continuity
there within. Am I the bearer of this news, a demon or an angel? Have you been cursed or
blessed? How will you perceive your newfound insight? What will you do for all of your
past and all your future which results from your present is in the hands of its creator?
You are its creator. For all that you claim to know is nothing more than a false played
upon you to chain you to your burdens. Instead I say embrace your burdens and become what
you are. Break free from your chains and accept your unique calling by learning and directing
your psychology. The light will cast itself over your darkness. Claim your place in life for
it is yours for the taking. But I have pity on your soul because I know it's better all too well.
Let me shake you from your slumber and assist your understanding of the phrase, Carpe Diem.
The pinnacles of human existence is formed from the individuals found within its species.
Welcome to the birthing pains of education reformation. Enjoy this philosophy course entitled The Meaning
of Life. Carpe Diem. Carpe Diem.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



Thank you.
Don't mistake what is right in front of you.
Live outside of yourself so that you might avoid your follies.
Precious minerals come in many different forms.
Don't mistake the gem you see in front of you as a mere rock, for you may never get
the opportunity again, and your mistakes will leave the gem isolated, alienated, and unappreciated.
When we overlook the one in front of us, we cast arrogance into our hearts.
The cancer will grow in the blackness and will result in our death.
Let us live.
Let us exist and communicate together in a healthy manner.
When we close our doors on the faces of others because of our own potentially flawed interpretations,
we secure the handcuffs in which we are bound.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



Greetings, and welcome to lecture one of the course, The Meaning of Life.
This course will be composed of ten lectures, and I, Wendell NeSmith, will be conducting these lectures.
I hope that I do an efficient job in conveying the meaning that are behind these important and crucial topics
that have haunted the minds of humanity since the beginning of known civilization and most likely before.
Lecture one will be an introductory lecture that will explore some of the topics that we will cover over the next ten lectures.
The way that this course will be structured is that each lecture will be accompanied by a set of readings,
and these readings can be found below in the video response section,
and they will be in audio formats to make this process as easy as possible for you.
I hope that you do take on this course seriously, and consider these topics that I expressed to you,
and that these readings convey to you, because these topics are the only thing that is important in your life,
whether you realize it or not, and I hope that you come to understand this as the course goes on.
This lecture will introduce some of the topics of each lecture that we will be going through, so I'm going to start that now.
In lecture one, which is this lecture, I hope that you will get an overview of what is going to be covered,
and maybe even think about these topics before we cover them, so you can compare your own views to the views that you accumulate through the process of these lectures and the relevant readings.
And lecture two will be composed of the painter, that's what it's called.
And the painter is the mediator of the divine, and the divine is the wisdom that the philosopher has found.
And the wisdom that the philosopher has found, they then take and contemplate for long periods of time,
and then attempt to express that to convey that divinity to others in the most efficient and practical manner.
And that is what we all do within communication, to some degree or another, for we're all painters.
We're all painting a picture for other people.
When you use your words, you might say, I'm saying exactly what I mean, but no, you are not.
You are saying an abstraction of what you mean, and we will be covering this in lecture two.
For if I say sit down on a chair, a chair to you and a chair to me are two entirely different things.
Considering I live in the wilderness, a chair to me would easily be a log, which I'm sitting on right now, or even the ground, or a rock, which that's my favorite place of sitting.
A big rock is my favorite, and to you, it is probably a lazy boy, or a couch, or something else.
So what the painter is doing is attempting to articulate the abstract, and the abstract is his message of the wisdom that he is trying to share.
And when I say he, unfortunately the English language doesn't have a he, she term yet, and I'm hoping they will eventually.
So I am meaning one, but one separates the individual, so if I slip up and say he, that is why I'm waiting for that term, which probably will never come, unfortunately.
So I mean he or she.
So the painter is a poet there trying to convey something to the best of their ability without actually being able to convey it directly.
So let's think about a painter that wants to paint a picture of the sun, the bright sun, on a canvas.
So that painter is painting, and he comes out, brings the canvas to his friend, and says, look at my painting.
It's of the sun.
It's of the sun.
And that's exactly what it is.
It's of the sun.
It is not the sun.
It is a representation of the sun.
And this is what we will be talking about in lecture two for the mediator between the divine
and the human, the fallible, the material, is only somewhere in between.
In lecture three we will be speaking about belief and suffering, and their interconnections.
So why do we have beliefs, and why do we hold on to these beliefs, and why are they so important to us, and why do we suffer,
and what is it that causes suffering, and even what could we do to overcome suffering.
And interestingly enough, belief and suffering are two sides of the same coin.
So we need to understand both aspects of these sides in order to understand how to go beyond the suffering that it causes.
And their interconnections will be discussed in more detail in lecture three.
In lecture four we will be exploring the perception, human perception and experience.
And what we will be talking about then is from how our senses come to make an image of the world.
And let's use an example of, let's say our eyes, that's the easiest for most people to understand.
So the light reflects in a certain way, and it goes through our retinas, and gets sent through a complex system,
and sends signals to our brain.
And our brain then paints a picture of what it is that we see.
And what it is that we see is actually cast by our brains into the imagination.
So our perception is then not really what we see, it is just a representation of what we see.
And then our experience, therefore, is an experience of an imaginary world, to some degree, or maybe to a large degree, or maybe entirely.
But we will discuss that in lecture four.
In lecture five, we will then discuss the possibility of existence and knowledge.
So do we exist, and if we do, in what manner do we exist?
Does other objects in the world exist, and if so, in what manner do they exist?
And is there anything at all that we can say to know?
So these questions will be dealt with in lecture five.
In lecture six, we then go on to explore the seeker, which the seeker is the philosopher, the lover of wisdom, who searches for this wisdom at all times.
And we will be speaking of the seeker, and what it is that he seeks, and then what it is that he attempts to convey and express.
So we can then relate that back with the painter, and we can see how the painter comes to paint the picture that he then blesses to the world.
Lecture seven will be reviewing the topic of God.
Does God exist, or does God not exist?
What can we understand from the nature of God, if God exists, or if he does not exist, what meaning can we find in the world?
The topic of God is very, very controversial in today's society that has placed science as its highest good, and I want to put up red flags about this.
And you need to think about that, especially when we're going through lecture four and five about knowledge and what we can understand to know.
Because science says it's knowledge, and even though science guides us and helps us with many, many things, we need to be careful about what we put our faith in.
And putting our faith in science has its ramifications.
And we'll be talking about that.
Also, the controversy which God has created, and diversity.
God has started, or the people that have said in the name of God have started many wars and caused great suffering throughout mankind's history.
And this has put a bitter taste in our mouth about God, especially since Christianity dominated the world for a very, very long time.
And you had to be in line with the Orthodox Church because the church was the state.
And the state, since the state was the church, the state punished you if you were not in line.
You became a heretic, and that heretic was either exiled or martyred.
And we're going to be talking about these topics and how God and the misconception of God can cause great follies of mankind.
I also want to state before going on to the next lecture that I am a called man.
I am a man of God that follows God in everything.
But I look at all religions objectively as I can and learn what I can from these religions.
I am religious because I do worship this divine, which is in everything.
And I am called, and I have been called, there was a point that I was called to do what I am doing now.
And I want to also say that I think a lot of these follies that these religions have asserted is God and then work everything else from God.
And the only thing that we are given is our consciousness, our human perceptions, our mind, our experience.
That's the only thing that's given.
And we need to work from there to God.
So if we're to be a true follower of God, we are following from ourselves to God and not to God back to ourselves.
And modern religion does just the opposite.
And I'm not a fan of organized religion at all.
And I don't identify with any religions in particular, but I learn from them all.
As far as the next lecture, it moves on to why act morally.
And this is an important topic, especially if we are to consider God, because in the past, God has been the reason why we should act morally.
And if there is no God, then what reasons do we have to act morally?
And if there is a God, what reasons do we have to act morally?
And we will be also bringing into lecture four and five, we will be bringing from lecture four and five, perception and experience.
And this idealism that if all we have is our experience, then why should we worry about what is outside of our experience?
So why should compassion drive us when we're not experiencing these situations directly?
Should we not only worry about our experience?
And this is what this lecture is going to be focusing on.
And we will also be looking at different theories of justice and why one would act morally.
This brings us on to the next lecture, which is what type of life should I live?
And this will talk about each conscious second and what we are to do and make with it to have a connection to ourselves and the world and a feeling of belonging to our investments and what we are to do with the time.
And I'm going to give you a little bit of a spoiler and that is that you should become a philosopher.
And you can become a philosopher in many different ways, but the philosopher is the one that searches for wisdom.
And through searching for wisdom, we are learning to we are learning theories to bring about practical application onto the world.
So as a searcher of wisdom, we are able then to actualize this wisdom into our own lives and be able to live the best life that we are able to live.
And this brings us into our final lecture, lecture 10.
And this will be discussing about building a meaningful life.
And we will be talking about how to break the chains that society has shackled to us and how to find the meaning that we, the destiny that we ourselves are supposed to follow.
And fate and free will will be talked about throughout this, throughout this course.
But this course is a focus on practical application, which is phronesis, phronesis.
And that's from Aristotle, which we will be reading some Aristotle as well.
But this will be about building a meaningful life and what we are to do considering the constraints from being brought into the world that we currently live in.
Okay, so we have now gone through lecture 1 through 10 and some of the topics that we are going to cover within these lectures.
And now I want to discuss some of the reading material that we will be exploring over the next 10 lectures.
And I want to say that I will not be talking specifically, or at least not in great detail, about this reading material that I am providing.
But this reading material that I am providing is an aid to understand from different perspectives about where I am coming from.
So I am not expounding on this material, I am giving you new material, at least to the most part, that you can build upon to increase the foundations of your own understanding.
So I am not going to be reviewing these books, I might be referencing them, but that is the extent that these lectures will be functioning.
As far as your reading material for this week, we are going to read, and I suggest you can either read the material before or after the lecture, you can choose.
But if it was me, I would probably read before, that way I understand what is going to be, or different aspects of what could be involved in the lectures.
But it is your choice, and remember that these are available in audio format in the video response section below, and go to them so you can do the course.
If you just listen to the lectures, you are not doing the course, you are just getting a little taste.
Which, I mean, that is better than nothing, but if you are going to do it, do the whole thing. That is what I recommend.
Okay, so back to this week's reading, or this lecture's reading.
And what we will be reading this lecture, we have two readings.
We have Crito by Plato.
And this is about Socrates.
And his friend Crito, Socrates' friend Crito, comes in to his prison.
This is after Socrates has been arrested for disturbing, corrupting the youth, corrupting the youth.
And all Socrates was doing was asking questions.
And these youth would come and say, hey, this guy is interesting, let's watch him.
And then they would mimic some of the things he did.
And all Socrates was going, why do you do that?
Why do you take your fruit from this stand, and then put it in this stand?
And he's asking questions, trying to figure out the whys of humanity.
And more or less trying to teach and help others understand why they do the things they do.
But this is about his being in prison.
And Crito comes and says, you know, we can help you escape.
And Socrates says no.
And you'll see his reasonings behind why he wants to stay and carry out being martyred.
He didn't consider it being martyred.
And I want to make that clear.
He came from a different age and a different culture.
And he didn't have that perception of martyrdom.
For him, it was the greatest good to be eliminated through a democratic approach, which he invested his life into.
And we get a little bit of taste of an absolute good.
And throughout these lectures, I'm going to be slamming absolute goods to some degree.
But as I said before, the painter is only a mediator.
And the absolute can never really be reached.
But we can get as close as we can to it.
And Socrates then says, you know, is one man's opinion just as good as another man's opinion?
And Crito says, no, no.
And we can see this if you go to a wise grandfather and ask him a question.
And you go to one of your friends who is off the rails and ask him a question.
You're going to obviously get different results.
And from those results, you're obviously going to take into consideration differently the two different approaches that are given to you.
So one man's opinion is not equal to another.
And not just that, is the mob opinion, which is the opinion of the group, more valid than the opinion of one man?
And we can see easily just by looking around that this is not the case.
I mean, the group does retarded things like really horrible things.
They they lose the individual.
And and we can see this in in Nazi Germany.
And we can see this in Stalinism.
And this is what we're talking about with absolutes.
There is some type of absolute that we're striving for.
And we get different degrees the more wisdom we achieve as to how close we are to that absolute.
And that is that is one of your readings.
And this is a very good reading of hope you consider this and reflect in and all these readings and all these lectures.
I don't just want you to to just one time go.
Oh, yeah.
OK, I want you to actually think because that's what we're here for.
We're here to think and contemplate ponder upon these very difficult questions.
OK, so we also have Jonah, the book of Jonah.
And this is a book about a man who ran from his destiny and he knew his destiny and he ran.
And I I did that for a while, too.
So it's only the last two years that I have fully embraced my my calling.
And before there was there was bits and pieces I would pick and choose what I liked from my calling and then just dump the rest.
And what I don't came back on me to its fullest.
And I suffered and I suffered greatly.
And this can be related to to life.
And if we have the choice, we have that calling there, we might not quite understand or know that calling yet.
But we come to learn it if we embrace it and then we can carry it out.
And there is another point of this reading that I would like you to consider.
And that is Jonah's suffering.
And I want you to think that or I want you to to think about this.
So in lecture three, when we talk about belief and suffering, you can start to relate different aspects of Jonah's suffering with what we're talking about in lecture three.
So those are the two two books that we are going to be reading, which is below in the in the video response section.
And I hope you guys enjoy this.
All this material that I am I am providing you is very, very popular material.
At least it is what passes on through the ages.
You go into a bookstore and you see all these books and you get recommendations from your friends about this book and that book and that book.
And what you're looking at is pornography.
These are books that will wear away in one or two generations.
But what you're looking at with philosophy is timeless material that will stay as long as we are here.
And that is what that's what we need to consider is what it is that we're putting into our heads.
But this material that I'm providing you has has actually shifted the thought process of mankind and and developed it.
The reason you think like you think is because of this material and more material and and hopefully as I do more courses as I offer more courses.
We will expand upon this material and you'll you'll if you choose to take on those other courses as well.
You will be a you will be given the tools to understand why you think the way you think.
But these are all passed down and we learn something new like a smart guy comes along and says this and we go.
Oh, OK, so the world's not flat or the sun revolves around the earth revolves around the sun instead of the sun revolving around the earth.
And at first, you know, and and gets criticized and ridiculed and martyred.
And then we go. Oh, OK, we'll accept that now.
And then we lose the meaning of it.
And we forget we put once it's over.
We put it back inside and put it back in the subconscious or the unconscious.
And and I'm here to bring it back out because we need to consider these topics to understand yourself,
to be able to follow your own destiny and create and develop meaning in your life.
You need to understand why you are the way you are.
And if you don't, then then you're not master of your own destiny.
You cannot play an arcade game or or an Xbox game or something like that.
You cannot play that without learning how to control your character.
So you have a character here that you need to learn how to control.
And in order to learn how to how to control that character,
you need to understand the strings that that character has.
And so that's the text.
And throughout this course, we will be looking at Kierkegaard, Nietzsche, Schopenhauer, Shakespeare.
We will be looking into Buddhism.
We will be looking into a few books in the Bible.
And we will be looking at Kant, the great philosopher Kant.
And and we have other philosophy, Plato and and many more.
And I hope that you do enjoy these as they are very significant and powerful works of powerful masterpieces.
And what most of the time I'm only going to be able to give you selections of these pieces.
And that's what my philosophy degree does did did is they gave me a lot of different information in like just a section of the book that it came from.
And it was just a lot and it was hard to understand it all.
And and over time, then I began to learn the material because it all correlates in one way or another.
And then after I finished the major, I went back and said, OK, all this material came from books.
Now I'm going to read all these books and I have read most of them and am still reading most of them.
I read a lot. I read probably 30 to 50 books a month.
I have read more than that.
There's a lot of material that I go through.
And I love it because the more that I learn, the more that I can understand and control and dominate my life.
And in turn, the more I learn about my suffering and my human condition, the more I can overcome that suffering and that condition.
And I hope that this course will show you some aspects of that and maybe provide some tools for you to be able to do the same with your own life.
So that's what this course is about.
And I hope you do enjoy it.
And I hope this first lecture has enlightened you to certain aspects of what we're going to cover and interested you as well.
I hope I don't fail in my mission and my mission is to open your eyes to what is.
And when your eyes are open, you will be in a much better position to be able to make the decisions in your life.
Because the decisions that we make in our life are the most important thing possible.
And not making a decision is making a decision as well.
And I want you to be aware of that, all the decisions.
Every single conscious second, we have a decision.
What are you going to do?
And this is the question that you need to fight with so you can figure out what you are going to do each moment.
And if you were to make a meaningful life, what are you going to do with your conscious seconds?
I mean, you've been given so many of them.
I think that's all we'll be covering for this lecture.
I hope this has intrigued you at least a little bit.
And I hope you do continue and take on this course.
And if you want to contact me, then I'm happy to have a chat.
And you can just do that through YouTube.
These lectures are all a part of my site.
I do YouTube to build my website.
I don't do YouTube to be on YouTube.
And I want you to be aware of that.
So if you're a YouTuber coming to this, then I recommend you to my website.
So YouTube acts as a medium that allows me to build my website.
So you can either contact me on my website, which I much prefer, or through YouTube and I might get back to you.
I don't know.
There's a lot of people that contact me and I just...
But on my website is the best way to contact me.
So if you want to chat about any of the things we talk about in these lectures, I'm happy to do that.
And I think these issues are so important, not to the masses, but the individual.
And the individual is you.
So I want you to be able to take your life under your own control and make it the life that you should be living.
And I don't know how that is.
That is for you to figure out.
And I hope this course helps you do that.
See you next week.
And if you are looking for a male priest, you can use them to ride with the water to get some food.
And if you are sitting down, you're using them.
See you next week.
See you next week.
I'll let you do that.
See you next week!
Okay, close that.
I had that, and I would like to do that.
And let me do that.
Okay.
See you next week.
Here's my next week.
Check out the next week.
You're going to get it.
Okay, I'm going to do that.
Let's try that.
See you next week!
Let me do that.
I'm going to do that.
I'm going to do that.
Now I'm going to do that.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



To be, or not to be, that is the question. To live, to wait, to die. To wake up and choose to be.
To make life into your own. To finish the last bite of the poison apple.
To look inside the self and find true glory. To find the chaste rainbow. To slide down that rainbow. To reach one's hand out in attempts to touch the moon. And succeeding.
How is one to live? And how is one to die? To be, or not to be, is always the question.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



Greetings, and welcome to Lecture 2 on the Meaning of Life.
Last lecture we introduced the topics that we will be covering over this course.
And what I'm going to do now is get right into it as we don't really need to review what we spoke of previously
because we'll be talking about these subjects now and in the future lectures.
So, to begin with we'll speak of birth, childhood, youth, growing up, into adulthood, life, and then death.
We are all brought into a society, a culture, a particular culture, and a time and place within that culture.
So, we live over a certain period of time and we have no say about that.
And we are brought into a place and we have no say about that.
And this affects our entire lives.
For we can move on to a different place, but the places that we were in our past will condition where we go in our future.
So, we are born and then brought up into a culture.
And we are taught the normalities and traditions of this culture as well as the truths that these cultures hold as valuable.
And we are handed down preconception of what a life should be.
And in most capitalistic cultures this is preparation for employment.
So, we then learn that we learn how to walk.
We learn that feet go on the ground and hat goes on the head.
We develop ourselves and learn speech and to communicate because we become frustrated not being able to communicate and that causes us to cry.
And then once we learn from observation and immersion the language of our culture, we then start to learn its values and believe those values to also be our own.
And we grow up and get educated within this culture as to how we should live our lives.
And we follow the path of this culture unless we break apart from it.
And that's what I wanted to talk about now is we all have rose tinted glasses.
And we see around and see straight, but these rose tinted glasses block our peripheral vision.
And it is the philosopher's job to pry these glasses off so they can see what truly is.
And that is the goal of the philosopher.
And as the philosopher learns how to do this, then they are in a better situation to control their own lives.
So this lecture of the painter, called the painter, is to help you and prepare you to read and understand the text that will be provided in this course.
Not only that, to be able to understand expression on a higher level.
And that's not only text, but any type of expression.
For example, this video that I am shooting right now is a type of expression.
And hopefully after this lecture, you will be able to make better decisions from understandings brought from the lecture about what it is that people are trying to say.
So this is not only limited to the text that you will be encountering in this course, but expands to life and everything within human communication.
And we can then learn to look at speech and language in a different way from an overview.
And we'll be speaking about that in this lecture.
And it is the expressionist role to express themselves in a manner that is receptive to the audience.
And the audience depends on the expressionist.
And for me, the audience is people that are looking for meaning.
And especially in this course, people that have not found meaning but are searching.
The future philosophers is the people that my heart is put out to.
And a philosopher can be many things, but that is your path or the philosopher's path.
But that is their role is to articulate their abstract in a way that is receptive.
And this is no easy task at all.
I've been doing this my entire life and most people have not been receptive at all to me.
So I tweak and manipulate my words and my structure of whatever medium I use to express myself in order to convey my meaning and be heard by others.
So that is the role of the painter.
For they are painting a picture of what it is that they are trying to say.
And this picture is in attempts to convey the meaning that they have to express.
So I am going to get right into a debate or an argument.
And that goes into Socrates and Hermogenes.
And they were speaking about names.
And they would say, okay, so a horse is a horse a horse.
Let's say we call all horses men.
And then we call all men horses.
And so now a man is a horse and a horse is a man.
Is that, is a man really a horse then?
And is a horse really a man?
Or are we just postulating something that is not true?
And language is meant for the user of the language.
So if we say something to be something, if we assert our language into an object or an understanding,
how can we say that that understanding is true?
Or is it true?
Or are we just completely screwing up our own language?
Very difficult and interesting article that I struggled with greatly a few years ago was Wittgenstein's private use of language.
And Wittgenstein takes this discourse of Socrates and Hermogenes a step further and questions whether private language can exist, for language is a communal activity, and for one person to say that something is something else, then is that possible or not?
So, if I claim this stick to be a dog, and for the future, this stick to me is a dog, then can this stick be a dog?
And in a roundabout way, what Wittgenstein is coming to grips with or bringing our minds to question is whether language at all can exist or be valid.
For it is always, for all language in a certain perspective, is a private use of language, for there's colloquial, and we all have different types of verbiage that we utilize.
So, the argument is much more detailed than that, but this is an introductory course, and I don't want to confuse anybody, but that's basically the way the argument goes.
So, we're questioning language here, and we need to start thinking about this method that we use to convey meaning in order to understand the painter.
And this method, and this method, in many cases, is language, and not only language, if another method is used, then it carries the same ramifications.
So, let's keep that in mind.
When I say it is hot, and being hot comes to your mind, I feel that it's probable that my hot to you is burning.
Sorry, yeah, my hot is burning to you, as well as cold.
I'm sure that my cold is freezing to you.
So, and this is because I have trained, and I've trained in the intense heat, and I have put myself through rigorous extremes in order to no longer worry about those extremes.
So, to escape suffering, I went through suffering, which we'll be speaking about, but that's next lecture.
And if you go to a doctor's office, and you have a boo-boo, and the doctor says,
How much does this boo-boo hurt?
Your scale is 1 to 10.
Now, tell me, is it like a 2 or a 3, or is it a 7, or is it a 9?
And how are we able to articulate and abstract, such as labeling our pains to a number?
So, this is impossible.
Yet, we do it every day.
Yet, we go to the doctor, and we tell them.
And not just the doctor, we have other scenarios in our lives, in our day-to-day lives, that these situations come up.
So, we need to start thinking about the use of language, and being able to say what you mean.
For if I point to the moon,
I, it is not the moon.
What I am pointing at is the moon.
It is, the conveyance of pointing at the moon is not the moon.
And, if you have two friends that come over, and you ask them if they would like some coffee.
And the first one says,
Yes, I would like some coffee.
And the second one says,
A coffee would be magnificent.
Who is expressing more meaning there?
The first friend advised you specifically,
Yes, I would like some coffee.
And the second friend did not give you an answer.
Yet, somehow, they did.
And so, these are things that we need to think about within language and expression.
Salvador Dali and the painting of the melting clock is my favorite painting of all time.
It is a beautiful masterpiece.
And, when we look at that painting, we are not saying that, we are not thinking that Salvador Dali wanted to say that clocks melt.
We are looking deeper into the painting, and if you have never seen that painting, which I am sure everyone has, but go and look at it if you haven't.
And, if you haven't looked at it for long, I would recommend you to just observe it for a while and see what comes about there.
He is attempting to convey a message, and that message is up for interpretation.
Nietzsche, Friedrich Nietzsche, is the most quoted philosopher of all time, but at the same time, he is the most misunderstood.
And, not only that, he utilized his paintbrush in an interesting manner.
And, he went and started attacking different ideas and concepts in order to express deeper meaning.
So, most people who read Nietzsche will be greatly offended by what he says.
But, when you learn to step back and try and look at what image he is actually attempting to convey, then we come to the point where we are looking at the clock again.
And, the meaning that he conveys through his controversial topics, through his bold statements that will get you upset, but he is preparing a road.
And, if you look at what he says, then that road becomes open for you to follow and observe the surroundings.
So, can we say what we mean?
I've had a debate about this with somebody.
It was a very short debate.
It was a friend who ended up, not, through this debate, we had some problems, and it ended up falling out, not on my part, but the other part.
But, they did not, they weren't appreciative at all that I could not say what I meant.
And, I said, to them, I said, I mean everything I say, but I can never say what I mean.
And, they were greatly offended by this and said they did not wish to have a friend that was like that.
And, it was a short debate because, a few minutes, because they did not have ears to hear.
And, they did not want to hear the meaning that I was attempting to convey.
And, that is what we need to learn to do, is unplug our ears so we can understand what message our fellow human is attempting to convey.
So, from intolerance, such as closed-mindedness, we end up with diversity where there was none.
And, we end up hurting our fellow humans.
For each of us, are equipped with a paintbrush.
Some, some go out and look for other paintbrushes to also utilize.
And, we can have different types of paintbrushes.
We can have thick ones, and small ones.
And, not only that, the painter has a style, and they can paint wide strokes, or small strokes.
And, what it is that the philosopher does, is paint in a way that can convey meaning, regardless of the content of some of their words.
So, you might notice, with me, that I might be very aggressive towards humankind, in certain situations.
And, this is very true, and I am, to a large degree.
But, behind this, this, these strokes of my paintbrush is deeper meaning.
And, if you learn to pull off your rose-tinted glasses, then maybe you might see something that you did not see previously.
So, the, we come back to the painter that paints the sun.
Are they painting the sun, or are they merely painting a representation of the sun?
To point at the moon, it is not pointing, it is not the moon.
And, the, the artist can only point.
We can only, we can only act as signs to guide the, the audience into the, or towards the direction.
Of the vision of the insight that we see.
Wisdom must be learned through understanding and experience and suffering.
And, cannot be taught.
And you are not going to gain anything from these lectures until you learn how to practically apply this information.
You have the resources now from this course to gain these tools, but you do not have the wisdom by me doing this course is not passing on wisdom, but only tools to achieve your own personal wisdom, your own personal divinity.
So we come now to the philosopher and the philosophy.
And what so many people do, especially people that are beginning with philosophy, is read the philosophy.
So they'll go through and they'll read Kierkegaard or Descartes or Plato, Aristotle, Nietzsche, etc.
And they'll learn their content.
They'll learn the philosophy of the philosopher.
But they will not understand.
They might think they understand, but they will not.
And I will tell you why.
It's because behind the philosophy is the philosopher.
And this is an important point.
And there is a theme that is beginning here, or even beginning, began in last lecture, but I hope you pick up on it.
But to understand the philosophy, you must understand the philosopher, because that philosophy was built by a philosopher.
And that philosopher built that philosophy from the happenings and understandings and occurrences and experience of his or her own life.
So in order to understand the philosophy in the best and most efficient manner possible, we need to understand what is behind that philosophy.
And that is the philosopher.
And we need to then analyze the medium that this philosopher, or artist, painter, whatever we are talking about here.
We need to look at the medium that they are using to convey their message.
Are they using paper like most?
I mean, are they writing?
Are they painting?
Are they making a demonstration?
Are they making a video?
Or how are they conveying what they wish to convey?
And once we look at that, then we can say, well, why did they use that medium?
And a lot of the medium that survived in our past was writing.
And now we have something called technology, the internet.
And the internet is such a wonderful thing.
And I am taking it, and I am making it my own.
I am starting philosophy online for all.
I'm making it free for everyone.
And the medium that I use is many mediums.
Many of you might notice I do artwork that screams.
And I do, I write, and I do lectures now.
And I also read aloud and record my articles.
I have photographs.
There is many things that I use to convey messages.
I have photographs with text.
And I always am in attempts to figure out how to best express myself.
And it has only been the last maybe few years that people have started to listen to me
or be frightened of me, more so frightened.
But before, all through childhood and youth and much of my adulthood,
I was confused about a lot of things.
I misunderstood the world in front of me.
And I was screaming for help, for understanding, and nobody was answering.
So I went to philosophy.
And I looked for mentors as well, and nobody was interested.
And I was just a child to everybody.
And I started to learn and learn and learn and learn philosophy.
And eventually, my arguments became solid.
And instead of people arguing against and claiming me as froth on the beer,
I became to be frightened of.
There was no point in arguing with me about anything
because the arguments that I had were forming into solid arguments.
And that's not to say that that doesn't happen.
Like, there are some people sometimes that I can have good debates with.
But it is few and far between.
So now, instead of people condescending me,
I have people running from me.
I think that's better than people condescending me.
But, you see, my point is that I had a message,
but I didn't know what it was.
And I was striving to look for it.
And I was screaming out to the world for help.
And the world wasn't answering.
So I would utilize different methods to convey my message.
Music as well.
There was a lot of different methods that I did utilize and I still utilize.
And I'm always growing.
My palette is always getting more colors.
And this then allows me to increase my audience.
And it does.
It definitely does.
And then some people either unplug their ears
or they learn or they have already somewhat been awakened
or even, like, halfway away.
Some ambulance were sleepwalkers.
I live in a world of sleepwalkers.
And I was always wanting to get out of that world.
And even my philosophy professors,
they weren't interested in helping me.
I was just a kid.
And for my youth, I get looked down on upon.
And when I open my mouth, people then run
because, hey, there's this kid
who is speaking some frightening things.
And what I preach isn't appreciated
by the majority of people.
And this is obvious because
what I preach is not your personal comforts in society.
But something different.
So, my audience still remains these people.
And I am constantly looking for ways
to express meaning
and wake up the world to themselves.
But I run into the deaf,
those who have no ears to listen.
And it is these people
that I want to help the most.
For my heart screams out to them
because they suffer.
And they suffer.
And they suffer for the sake of suffering.
I suffer to overcome.
The Superman is why I suffer.
They suffer to suffer.
And it makes me sad.
And I see it.
Being homeless,
I travel from place to place to place to place to place.
This is to family,
to family,
to friends,
to friends,
to families,
to,
to,
to everywhere.
I mean,
I am going,
I am constantly meeting new people.
And I see the world
for the people that are in it.
And a lot of their unhealthy traits
that they utilize
and have no concern to overcome
makes me sad
because those unhealthy traits
cause them suffering.
And it is that suffering
that I strive to overcome.
And it is suffering
that humanity strives to overcome.
And this is my gift to humanity
is to help it overcome suffering.
And if we only learn
to take our hands away
from our ears
to pry off
our rose-tinted glasses
and suffer
for the sake
of overcoming,
of transcending,
instead of suffering
for the sake of suffering,
then we can live
in a much better world.
And not only that,
a much more compassionate world.
And it all aligns
from when you find
the root cause
of something,
then everything else
aligns.
So if you suffer
in one area
and you find out
why you suffer
in that area
and then you take care
of that problem,
the rest sorts itself out.
If your car has a problem,
you need to figure out
what that problem is
in order to fix it.
And then you can fix
the problem
and have a working,
functioning car again.
If you let that problem,
if you leave that problem alone
or rig it up
so it works
for a little bit longer,
other things are going
to start to get affected.
But we'll speak about that
in the next lecture
on suffering.
So the deaf
is my audience.
And if you are watching this
and you are awake
or awakening,
then I want to talk to you.
But in saying that,
you are not my target audience.
But also in saying that,
you are the ones
I want by my side.
So in a way,
you are,
I want you to come to me
and I want us to talk
about the future
of the world.
But as far as
why I do this
is for compassion
for those
who are
in some ambulance,
which is sleepwalking.
And then
we come again
to self-analysis.
Or not again,
we were looking
at the painter
and his picture,
but now we need
to look at you
as the painter
and your own picture.
So when you use language,
what type of language
do you use
and why?
When you express something,
why do you express it
the way you do?
How are you
articulating the abstract?
Are you saying
what you mean?
For you can't
mean what,
you can't say
what you mean.
And even if you think
you can,
you can't,
but you can mean
what you say.
And if you do
mean what you say,
then how
meaningful
is what you say.
What can you do
to involve
more meaning
within your expression?
This is an important
topic
in order to
review
the world
that you live in
and yourself
within that world.
how
people
communicate
is
everything.
For when you
walk into
a shop
and when you
walk by someone
or when you
are talking
with someone,
you
are
right there
in
this subject
that we're
speaking of
right now.
so how
you
communicate,
how you
paint your
strokes
is going
to
affect
how
others
interpret
you.
And I would
like you to
think about
that.
And this
isn't something
that you just
think about
once.
This is
a
process
that will
continue
on
your
entire
life.
And that
brings us
to
the
point
where we're
going to
speak about
or we're
going to
continue
speaking
about
life.
So we
went to
adulthood,
the beginning
of adulthood,
if you remember
the beginning
of this
lecture.
and we
now come
to a point
where we've
been educated
and we
are then
thrown out
into the
world and
they make
you think
that this
is the
world and
you become
employed.
So the
world of
employment
is the
world.
It is
not,
but maybe
you think
that or
not.
Most people
do.
So I'm
speaking to
those most
people,
you are
now
employed.
You being
employed,
you go
to work
every day,
somehow you
manage to
wake yourself
up and
sleep a lot
through the
day and
then you
come home
and you
have your
beer or
you relax
and sit
on your
lazy boy
or turn
on the
TV and
watch and
spend the
night away
on the
TV or
or you
begin to
get set
in your
life.
And this
then
eventually
brings about
over time,
this will
begin to
bring about
the fact
that
you,
your life
is meaningless
and it's
meaningless
because of
what you
made it.
And when
you understand
this or when
you think
about this a
little bit
because you
get stuck in
it, you get
stuck in what
you're doing
and when you
think about
this then
it makes
you sad.
so how
can you
fix that?
Well, the
best way to
fix that then
would be to
get married.
You get
married and
you combine
your life and
your life is
now a bit
different and
you're going
along and
it happens
again.
You feel,
oh, where's
the meaning
in my life?
So you
have children.
And then
you raise
those children
and you
think this
is meaning,
this is real
meaning,
raising these
children.
And you
continue the
process and
paint on the
rose tinted
glasses onto
your children.
But this
time in your
own way because
you found a
few different
things out that
are relevant to
you and you
think it should
be done this
way instead.
So you're
making minor
adjustments and
you're raising
your children.
Your children
grow up and
then they move
out and then
you, and
you start,
and then you
get a bit
more, once
your children
move out you
go, okay,
well what do I
do now?
I've spent all
this time on
children and
now my life
is again
meaningless.
So this is
when a lot of
people go
through their
midlife crisis.
And then
after that,
after the
midlife crisis,
they, they
then learn
to be content
because they've
seen a lot of
things and
they've experienced
a lot of
things.
And being
content within
their, their
miserable life
becomes what
they strive for
in every day
because they feel
that most of
their life is
passed them by
and, and
they're, they're
coming to the
end.
And then, and
then we put,
put these people
in old folks'
homes when they
get to the
point where they
can no longer
take care of
themselves.
all, all the
employment that
was gone
through the
life, uh, you
learn how to
deal with it
and, and
then after, it
all means
nothing.
There was
nothing that
could be said
for, for
your employment
but you did
a good job, you
might get a
watch or
something like
that, a few
pats in the
back.
And then
you grow
old, and
you wither
away, and
you get sick
often, and
you reflect, or
you, you
reflect on the
life that you
wasted, or
the, uh, you
then occupy your
mind with
hobbies.
And, these,
and over
time, you
deteriorate
even more, and
eventually you
die.
that, and
this is all
considering that
an accident
didn't occur
during your
lifetime to
kill you.
What I
say is
that we
should invest
ourselves into
ourselves, and
we'll, we
will be
talking about
this throughout
the lectures.
And I
want to ask
you a question.
The life that I
depicted is the
life of most
people.
Do you think
this is a
meaningful life?
I want to leave
you with that
question for this
lecture.
But before we
finish, I want to
speak about the
relevant readings.
To begin with, I
want to speak
about an author
that has a warm
place in my
heart.
And this is
Ayn Rand.
And we are
going to be
reading a section
of her novella
called We
the Living.
And the
reason why this
author has such
a place in my
heart is because
she was the
one that
introduced me to
Western
philosophy.
And some of
the ramifications
that it spoke
of.
And after I
read her
book, maybe,
this novella,
I know, sorry,
sorry, I read
The Fountain
Head, which is
a really good
book.
Atlas Shrugged
is really good
as well.
But after I
read that, I
turned my
life around.
And everything
started being
invested in
philosophy.
And over
time, I was
able to pry
my rose-tinted
glasses off.
And I'm very
harsh on people
and I say,
pry off your
rose-tinted
glasses and
they go,
how do you
know I got
rose-tinted
glasses on?
It's like,
well, look,
I have been
spending my
entire life
prying away
my glasses.
And there
is still
some days
that I
have to
question
what it
is that I
do and
why it
is that I
do it.
So it
is not
an easy
process.
Have you
spent the
time to pry
your glasses
off?
That's my
question.
Have you
done that?
I'm going to
be harsh on
you.
I'm going to
be harsh on
every single
person because
it's not a
flick of the
fingers.
It was like
eight years
ago that I
read Ayn Rand
and she
opened my
heart to
philosophy,
Western
philosophy.
I was into
Eastern
philosophy because
I did
martial arts.
But Western
philosophy opened
a huge
everything for
me.
It opened
up my
life.
And it
brought much
suffering too,
but that is a
different story.
And we'll talk
about that in
the next lecture.
But we,
the living,
back to the
relevant reading,
we're getting
off topic again,
but the relevant
reading is
We the Living.
And this is
a world where
the I has
been taken
away.
So we no
longer say
I, we say
we.
So how are
we today?
What are we
doing?
It's a very
interesting read.
And while
reading it, I
want you to
think about
how she
utilizes
her words
and how
she paints
her picture.
Similarly, I
would want you
to do the
same thing
with our
next relevant
reading, which
is another
book that
is dear to
my heart.
Probably one,
probably in the
top ten list
of my favorite
books of all
time.
And not
necessarily for
structure because
there's parts of
that book that I
find boring, but
there is a lot
of gems within
it.
And this book
is called the
symposium by
Plato.
And what
this, what the
symposium, a
symposium is where
everybody gets
together and
speaks about a
subject.
subject.
And in this
case, they were
speaking about
love and what
love is.
And Socrates was
there and his
friends.
and they were
drinking a little
bit and they,
and, uh, when
Archieblades,
Archibia, Archibia
adds, Archibia
adds, um, Archibia
adds, I think it
is, um, came in,
uh, I think they
started drinking
more, but he was
drunk.
But we won't be
reading that section
or at least we
will, it's only
going to be a
small portion of
it.
But the
section we're
going to be
reading is when
Socrates is
speaking about
Diatoma, uh, and
what she conceives
love as and
her perceptions
on love.
And I want you
to notice and
think about these
because these are
part of the
theme.
So whenever, uh,
Socrates goes
into the words or
the understandings
of Diatoma, I
want your ears
to be very
perceptive and I
want you to
relate this
material with
everything we're
talking about
and, and look
at the picture
that's being
painted.
And that, uh, as
far as the
symposium as well,
I also want you
to, to understand
understand that this
was given, was
told, this, this
event was told
to Plato by
his friend, I
don't remember
who it was, but I
think it was like
30 or 35 years
after the event
took place.
And then
Socrates is
speaking about a
lesson that he
learned from
Diatoma, and I
think that was like
five or ten years
prior.
So we are getting
second hands of
second hands of
second hands, we
are lost as far as
interpretation.
And this is where the
painting comes in,
because we have
multiple paintings that
are built off upon one
another.
So, perceive this and
realize what's
happening, and I
think you'll enjoy
the readings a great
deal.
That's all for this
lecture, uh, and,
and I hope you were
interested and enjoyed
it.
And next lecture is
going to be an
interesting one on
pain and suffering.
So hopefully we can
have a little bit of
fun with our own
pain and suffering
instead of suffering
through the lecture.
Stay safe.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
You do not seem to be like all the other humans.
Something about you is different.
As a general guideline, I stay away from your kind.
But here you sit, against your own kind, in strife for its betterment.
Us creatures of nature live in unity with our surroundings.
We discover our basic necessities and learn how to satisfy them so that we may truly be happy.
Our sufferings clearly teach us how to overcome them.
We follow our given path.
But you humans are all too strange.
You aspire for collective unity, but forget the individuals found within that collective.
You tune your area of focus to exclude what is not understood.
You exploit your environment for temporary relief from your sufferings.
Your categories dominate your minds, and you create unthinking systems that can function
without your species interaction.
As the follies of your systems manifest themselves, the ramifications of your actions fall upon you.
You invest in the creations that slowly destroy its creator.
You humans are all too fortunate, as you possess self-awareness, which is a developing attribute to achieve godlike abilities.
But you have turned your backs on yourselves, and become pitiful and pathetic creatures.
But here you are, pondering outside your systems, in the wilderness of life.
I can see it in your soul that you are a friend, and perceive the failures of mankind.
Now that you are no longer ignorant to your nature, how are you to live?
What is it that you are planning, dear comrade?
I can see the light that resonates from within you.
Your plans must be something special.
I will now respectfully depart from you, and let you continue your reflections in the cocoon that surrounds you.
Thank you.
I have comments.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



Greetings, and welcome to Lecture 3 of the Meaning of Life.
In Lecture 2, we spoke of the Painter, that is the Expressionist, who is attempting to articulate the abstract to the audience that he feels most in need of what inspiration that he or she has to offer.
And their manipulation of the tools of expression that they possess in order to most effectively communicate that meaning.
In this lecture, we will be speaking of belief and suffering and their interconnections.
For belief brings about a security, a sense of security, and we then are given hope for our lives.
And this belief that I'm speaking of can be about anything.
We're not necessarily limiting ourselves to God, and belief in God will be spoken about later, in Lecture 7.
And this brings about a sense of finality to our lives, for when we have achieved these beliefs, we are then in the position to relax and no longer search for new beliefs.
And a belief stands as something that we can commit ourselves to, even though we do not understand or are able to know.
And this finality allows us to condense ourselves into one aspect.
It gives us a sense of belonging, for when we believe, we can also find others who believe similarly or the same and group ourselves within them.
And then we are able to be united and have a community of believers towards or are directed towards a certain aspect.
And this, in turn, creates diversity.
And we can see this throughout history.
The example that we'll use in this lecture is only one of many, but the example is that of Jesus.
When Jesus died, many different Jesus sects, they call them, S-E-C-T-S, formed.
And there were many followers of Jesus who then interpreted Jesus' works and life in different manners.
And these sects, most of them fought against each other.
And there was a lot of bloodshed that went into that.
And in the end, one power won.
And what happened was Paul, St. Paul, was the one to not create Christianity, but pave a way for modern Christian thought.
And the apologists, they're called, then guided the church and formed organized religion.
And this organized religion then had and created dogmatic doctrines to follow.
And in order to achieve this, they had to stamp out their competition.
And their competition were other forms in the Jesus sects, so other forms of Jesus movements.
So we have different interpretations being eradicated into one interpretation.
And eventually this formed into Christianity as we know it today.
So we see this creating diversity everywhere.
And not just that, diversity within religions.
Because Christianity no longer became Jewish.
And then it was, so it's taken over by the Gentiles.
And the Jewish people were no longer saved.
And then the Muslim people came along, which were monotheistic.
Which even Christianity claims monotheism.
But they worship three gods, which is Jesus, the Holy Spirit, and God.
And that's polytheism any way you look at it.
So modern Christianity is not actually a monotheistic religion.
But in saying that, Jesus did not claim that he was God.
And he pointed to God.
But these are just different interpretations.
And what you see today within the organized Christian and Catholic church
is a result of this one interpretation.
And it creates diversity everywhere.
Which, the way I have interpreted it, is Jesus opened the way to God to everybody.
And I believe that Jesus actually, I don't believe, I understand that Jesus opened and paved
a way for all to reach God.
And this is not through dogmatic doctrines.
But this is a different story.
And we won't be talking about that any further.
Sorry, I got on a little bit of a rant.
This wasn't supposed to be in this lecture.
But, from, so we see it creates mob mentality, a, you are with us or against us.
Which is George Bush's famous saying.
And Jesus actually said in Luke that those who are not against me are with me.
So we have different perceptions of understanding here.
And this coming from George Bush, who is supposedly a Christian.
So we then reach self-righteousness.
For I am right, and I will put this flag in the ground and say that there is no other difference.
There, that I cannot be disputed because I have found this truth.
And I will close my ears to any other thing because, because other things harm my ears.
And, um, but, but this is not what is being preached.
For Jesus preaches that what goes into a man does not matter, but what comes out of a man does.
But, these are not really recognized.
Or, at least, if they, a lot of times these, uh, a lot of times organized religion will, will preach this, but not fault.
There's a lot of hypocrisy.
There's a lot of hypocrisy.
And I'm getting off track again because I have a lot of views on this.
So I will get back on track.
But this creates self-righteousness and people being sturdy in their beliefs and will not hear out their fellow human being because of what they believe and they don't want to hear it any other way.
And this, in turn, puts earplugs in those individuals' ears.
And they become closed-minded.
I'm going to go on now to Buddhism and the teachings of it about suffering because we've, we've talked about, about belief for the last 10 minutes.
And now we're going to speak about suffering.
And the whole objection for Buddhism is the cessation of suffering, so the end of suffering.
That was Buddha's goal for everything.
And Buddha was Siddhartha Gautama, who later became the, became the illustrious Buddha.
And he found enlightenment through finding a way to overcome this suffering.
And he wanted to help.
He had a choice whether to help the world or not, or just to stay in the forest with what he had learned.
And he was, he was unsure whether he should.
And, and he was seriously debating just to stay and be one with all things.
And he then decided that he wanted to help.
But he didn't think others had ears to hear.
But it turned out that they did.
So, in order to efficiently convey his message, remember the painter,
and according to his error, he needed to create dogmatic doctrines that people could follow to surpass suffering.
And that's what he did.
But we're just going to hear these out.
And I want to say that these dogmatic doctrines are not closed-minded.
He was very, very open with many things.
As far as dogmas go, Buddha, Buddha's is one of the better ones.
So, we then get to the cessation of suffering.
How are we to stop suffering?
So, he, he found the origin of suffering.
And as if you want to fix a car, you have to find out what the problem of the car is.
You want to fix a computer, you have to find out the problem.
And then you have to focus on that problem and then, then prepare what the actual problem is.
And he says the problem with suffering is that we cling.
And we cling to all things.
So, we are clinging to our material.
We're clinging to our TV.
We're clinging to our phone.
We're clinging to our friends and our work and music and entertainment and alcohol and all these different vices, which we're going to talk about vices and virtues later.
But we're clinging to all these things and this is causing our suffering because all these things, and not just these things, because those are the material.
We also have ideals.
We cling to these ideals as the greatest good and these ideals also let us down.
But he's saying that all these things actually cause our suffering for when they are removed from our life or when we get tired of them.
Let's say we get a new phone.
We're so excited, but then two months later, there's another phone out and our phone becomes crap.
So, we then want to get another phone and we suffer with the phone that we have.
So, we're always looking towards the future, but never being content with what we have.
So, these are the things that are causing our suffering.
And in order to go beyond that suffering, to pass that suffering, is to uncling from these things.
And as we uncling from these things, which is a process, then we slowly overcome suffering.
And Buddha saw how people, especially in his time, would most likely not be able to do this in one lifetime.
So, he then shared a doctrine on reoccurrence and he explained it as a flame.
So, you have two candles and one, so one goes out death and then to another and you get reincarnated into either a higher being or a lower being.
And how you got reincarnated depended on how you lived your life.
And through his doctrines, you could live a good life.
And I have studied his doctrines and living his doctrines, you can live a good life.
So, we will go on from Buddhism because I don't want to spend all day on it.
And we might come back to bits and pieces of it later, but I just wanted to explain the outline to you.
But we go on to Toll, Eckhart Toll, and he is alive today and well and very inspirational.
And he, he's one of the spiritual leaders of the world.
And he says that the reason that we suffer is because we feel that we don't have to suffer, that we should not have to suffer.
So, I suffer because I feel that I should not have to suffer.
And I suffer because I feel my child should not have to suffer.
Or I suffer because I feel that something should not be the way that it is.
And through this, Toll suggests that we can get beyond it through acceptance.
So, if we, if we learn how to accept all things, then we are able to get beyond suffering.
And this then will, leads us to Jonah.
And if we think back to Lecture 1, where you read Jonah, I asked you to remember his suffering.
Do you remember why it was that Jonah suffered?
Well, there's a few reasons, but what we're going to be talking about in this lecture is the vine.
And Jonah, God grows a vine for Jonah, and it was a wonderful, wonderful shade for him to protect him from the scorching sun.
And Jonah was pleased and happy.
But then the next day, the vine withered away from, from being eaten by an insect or something like that.
A worm, I think it was.
And then Jonah goes, you know, he suffers again.
I want to die, you know.
I can't even get good shade.
You give me shade, and then you take it away.
And, and God goes to Jonah, I, that you had nothing to do with this vine.
I was the one who presented this vine to you.
And now that it's gone, why are you angry at me?
This was never yours to begin with.
So, I want us to think about that.
And think about that in accordance with all these other topics that we are discussing.
And we are now going to speak of the human condition.
And the human condition is our suffering.
And each human is, from what I perceive and what I understand, is different.
And it's, it's, the core of it is very similar.
But we each go through different things.
And we each experience different things.
We each have a different life.
And we all have the reasons why we do the things we do.
But we, from our experience, I am postulating that we then have slight, we have slightly different aspects of this human condition.
And this is why one person's wisdom can be different from another person's wisdom and both still be valid.
And our human condition is then our, our battle.
This is our, our life purpose.
And this is important because this is the whole purpose of, of this, this course.
Um, so to overcome our human condition is then the purpose in life.
And then to, if you want to share with others the, your, your journey to overcome your human condition,
you can then best live your life for the future of humankind.
And this is another topic that we'll speak about later with why act morally.
So why should we do that?
But, but right now what I'm saying is that the human condition is something to be overcome.
And when we overcome it, it is something that is to be shared.
And when we share it, we become the expressionist.
And we then are, are helping others overcome theirs.
And there's so many people out there that need it.
So, we need you.
We need your overcoming of the condition.
And not, I say overcoming and overcome because we can learn from the painter's image within the process of overcoming and not just overcome.
So, don't say, oh, I'll do that when I overcome it.
But the process is part of it.
And we'll go on to the next point because I want to have time for everything.
But a lot, okay, most people that I see, you got to realize that I'm working with the life that I live within the experience that I understand.
And I see a world of sleepwalkers.
And the sleepwalkers avoid the fact.
They avoid these issues because they take solace in ignorance.
And the thing is that this is a blind ignorance.
They know that they're ignorant.
They choose to be ignorant because they know, because they do not want to face these hard topics.
And to turn and face your human condition instead of running away from it is no easy task.
And it in itself will cause more suffering than you could ever imagine until you face it.
But once you slay your dragons, then you are in the best position to stand up and take your life back.
And this then is transcendence.
And this is the striving that we as humankind must take on.
And this is the cross that we must bear in order to overcome the human.
And the human is something to overcome and become and go beyond.
And that is what Nietzsche's life purpose was.
To go beyond, beyond good and evil, beyond the self, beyond morality.
And that was what he was talking about.
So how do we do this?
Well, we have vices.
And these vices are the ones that cause our suffering.
So we obtain these vices.
And you can find out what your vices are.
But when you take them away, you will suffer.
So to find out your vices and then figure out methods to overcome them is facing your dragon.
And to find out your vices is no easy task, especially when they have been repressed by your subconscious.
When they are hidden away because you don't want to deal with them.
When they've been hidden away for so long, they become very difficult to find.
So this is not something you can snap your fingers.
This is a life project.
And I'm not saying that it's going to take you your entire life.
I have just recently overcome.
I have continued to overcome.
I have become more and more at every moment.
But I have just recently, over the past four or five months, accepted and become what I am.
And this had to, I had to go through much pain and suffering in order to get where I am.
And I, I can't say that I no longer suffer, but suffering is no longer something that I identify with.
And this is something that causes our suffering, is identification.
And when we identify with the thing as being part of us, then we, then we, we label, we label ourselves and we compartmentalize ourselves into this or that.
And we then suffer when that suffers.
So when you break your phone, you suffer because you identified that phone as being part of you.
And it's the identifying that causes great amounts of our suffering.
And I have an article on this, if you would like to read that.
And it's called The Identification Process.
And it is a painting for you to consider.
And this, this course is, is not going to spoon feed you everything.
So I might direct you to different places and I might name drop a lot of things.
And it's up to you to follow those up.
So I am introducing you to a lot of these subjects.
And I understand identification to be heavily connected with suffering.
And identification is also, or sorry, belief is heavily connected with identification.
Therefore, you have belief and suffering and they are together like this.
And if we remove these and realize what they are, which is nothing, because they don't exist, there's no existence to them.
They are conceptions that our human condition has created from, from a result of many different factors.
And much, I believe to be, I, I understand to be part of our society and the way that our society conditions us to be.
For example, using the word believe so recklessly.
And I, myself, have been trying to work out of that over the last year or so.
And using belief here and belief there.
But if you listen to anyone that is speaking around, if you just listen to people that you, that, that are around, you'll notice that it's believe this, believe that, believe that.
And we're all trying to identify with different people through beliefs.
And we are unable to effectively then create close relationships because then we, if there's beliefs that conflict, we are then out of there.
But in saying that, I am no better with effective relationships.
But that is because I don't like beliefs.
And I don't like when people believe in things that are unhealthy.
And I will not put myself in a situation that is unhealthy for me.
And I learned that through my divorce.
I'm not going to go on too much about that.
But I am all, I choose where I am at all times.
And if I am in an unhealthy situation, which, see, I, I went through 10 years with my ex-wife of an unhealthy relationship.
And when there's people that, that passionately commit their beliefs to unhealthy traits, then I will not stick around, regardless of the circumstances.
And I live in the wilderness, so it doesn't matter.
I'll walk away and I'm good.
So, but I had to create that for myself.
It was a process to, to get to that point.
Because before, when I walk away, I would suffer.
And now I am part of, before I was an outcast of, and I won't go on about this.
This is, this is my life and this is a course about your life.
So, let's go on to, so through our, through our purpose of overcoming these vices, then we are able to create virtues from these vices.
And something that I wanted to mention about vices to virtues, which it mentions in the Bible, I'm not sure where, I'm sorry.
But, but it does mention in the Bible that God will use your, your weaknesses more than your strengths.
And see, if we look at this in consideration, this is talking about overcoming the self.
And I, I am a primary example of that.
This, that, all this speaking, all, all this conversation that I'm doing right now was a weakness.
I have not been good at speaking.
I have spent my life in writing because speech was something that I could not articulate in the manner that I desired.
However, with writing, I was able to contemplate ideas and articulate them in a manner that was most meaningful.
But people didn't want to read what I had to write.
So, I was always in a catch-22 because I wanted to communicate through writing and others wanted me to communicate through speech.
And I was terrible at speech.
But as you see, I have been working and working and working on it.
And not only that, the more that I am able to overcome my, sorry, the more that I learn and the more that I understand,
the more that my ideas are able to flow in a better manner.
You see, my articulation within speech has been difficult for, for the fact that I have been, uh, communicating.
I hate this camera.
Sorry about the lag.
I can only work with the, with the equipment that I have.
But it, see, my brain has always worked so fast that I have been in the position that I would lose my train of thought extremely quickly.
So, I would go on about something and then I'd go, oh, what were we talking about?
And this would cause many hardships within conversation.
And I would be treated like, uh, I didn't know what I was talking about.
And I would be condescended from, uh, from that.
So, this is my, my awakening to, to, to being able to communicate effectively.
Because speech is also one of the expressionist methods.
And I have been working my whole life on different ways of expression.
And over the last year, I have been working on the ability to speak clear and distinctly and be able to convey my meaning through speech.
And the only reason you are now receiving this video is because I turned that advice into a virtue.
And I will end the content of this lecture with the, an ideal.
And that is to become what you are.
And if you look at your vices, they are not you.
And if you turn those vices into virtues, then you are becoming the self that should be realized.
And we'll be speaking about this in a future lecture.
Uh, but the example is an acorn.
If you have an acorn, and it then gets thrown into the ground, and under the right conditions, it can realize itself into a tree.
And this is the process of the human.
We need to realize, we realize ourself.
No, we need to.
We, we do.
And we will always be what we are.
And, uh, we have no ability to do any other.
So, if you become something grand, it is you becoming what you are.
And if you don't, it's still you becoming what you are.
And what you are might, just might not be, be grand.
And, we, but, but the thing is that the human is not an acorn.
It is not a tree.
It is not a plant.
It is a mobile creature.
So, what I am asserting here is that, that we are able to move around and position ourselves in the best possible soil for our particular selves.
And, in this way, we can become the grandest tree possible.
We are not limited by a fluke incident where an acorn grows in awesome conditions and becomes a marvelous tree.
We are not limited by those conditions because we are a mobile and thinking creature.
So, we are able to become a grand tree and realize our divine selves.
Okay, um, there was something else I was going to speak about, but I can't remember it.
I'll go through the relevant reading, uh, readings.
And, uh, and if I remember it, I'll bring it back up.
But, uh, our first reading is the book of Job.
And, the book of Job is a, a follower of the divine, a, a strong and faithful follower of the divine.
And, and, he gets tested.
He gets greatly tested.
And, this is through suffering.
He suffers great amounts.
And, then he goes to God, uh, why, why am I suffering?
Why am I suffering?
And, uh, and, then God basically says, um, how are you to know what is of, uh, God's plan?
How are you to know God's plan?
I'm not going to go into details about this story because you should read it.
And, our next reading is Schopenhauer, uh, on pessimism.
And, the section on pessimism is, uh, on the sufferings of the world.
And, this is, uh, Schopenhauer, uh, putting through his, his ideals on suffering.
And, they're very good things to consider.
Or, I do want to say that Schopenhauer is a pessimist.
Um, and, but, but the thing is, he is very inspirational.
His words have, have great meaning.
And, uh, and in some ways, I'm a pessimist.
But, uh, but we can become more.
We can become more.
Um, becoming what you are is no easy task.
Uh, until, until the time that you become, the, until the time that you become a butterfly.
Uh, for the, the, we have to go into a cocoon and, uh, inform into the best self that is possible.
And, uh, this will cause copious amounts of suffering.
And, I want you to suffer so that you no longer have to suffer.
And, it is this suffering that we are to overcome if we so choose.
Because, otherwise, you will be swallowing in your own humanity till the day you die.
And, if you have managed to transcend suffering, then, I congratulate you for that.
For that is a very commendable task.
And, if you have, I would recommend that you begin to paint for the world how it is that you overcome that suffering.
Well, we come to an end of lecture three.
There was something I wanted to say.
But, I can't, I can't remember it.
Uh, yeah, it's, it's, it's gone.
But, I, I still have more lectures to come.
So, I will include that content in one of the other lectures.
Uh, I hope you enjoyed this lecture and didn't suffer too much through it.
And, I hope it has given you direction as to the cause of suffering.
And, belief as well.
Because, throughout suffering, I want you to think about, oh, I remembered what I wanted to say.
Um, I need to mention that many of these assertions that I am saying are contradictory to Western philosophy.
To the history of Western philosophy.
Um, especially in, in regards to beliefs.
For, belief in Western philosophy, in most cases, has been considered a virtue.
And, through my own experience and interpretations and understandings, I have come to a different point of view about this.
So, I would like you to be aware that I am not preaching the doctrines of our past philosophers, uh, in regards to beliefs.
But, and, presenting my own understandings as far as them.
Uh, however, when they speak of beliefs within Western philosophy, I see what they are saying.
But, those beliefs do not have to, I, I, I think that, that we don't need to hold on to all those beliefs.
And, for me, I have one belief.
And, one belief only.
And, we will speak of that in lecture seven.
I hope you had fun, and stay safe.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



What's in a thing? How could I know? What makes a thing itself? I look at this toy and ask what
makes this toy itself. I attempt to articulate the abstract by describing its properties,
but the properties that I ascribe to it merely paint an approximation of the toy. What is
it that makes this toy different from the rest? The properties in which I assert pull layers
off the onion and help me categorize the toy. And when I have articulated all its properties
that I can fathom, I am left with nothing to examine. However, my question regarding what
constitutes this particular toy remains unperceived and unknown. For the essence of the toy remains
an abstraction, and the essence of an individual is no different. How am I to live if my soul
remains captured in the nothingness beyond human perception?



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



Nomesta and welcome to lecture four perception and experience. We're going to do some house
cleaning now and I want to tell you that I can only work with the equipment that I have and
I'm doing the best I can to give you good quality media but I am limited to what I'm using and
and sometimes the audio in the video will go out of sync and other times the other times the frame
rate will go odd and it will become choppy for a while and I'm sorry but there's nothing I can do
about that for now in the future I do have hopes to obtain a handy cam that can be powered by USB
or 12 volt but that is in the future so I can only work with what I have now in last lecture in
lecture three we spoke about or we led towards how we have inclinations toward beliefs and in a way
if we look at it we don't really have those beliefs with just different degrees of those beliefs so we
are inclined towards something and we to a certain degree and when we're at that certain degree then
we tend to jump ahead of ourselves to to find some absolute truth and that's where dogmas come in
and following a certain set of guidelines and and what so what we're doing is asserting God before
before before the self but we'll talk about this in the God lecture this isn't the God lecture but
what it is saying is that this tends to revolve us around some absolute if you remember Crito in lecture
one and this absolute depending on how we revolve around it will will will affect whether we suffer or
whether we we we we go beyond suffering whether we experience through truly experience what is but
there there's a lot of things that you got to learn there's philosophy is vast and it is a life thing
okay but and I've always get off track and I'm sorry but now we'll talk about lecture two a little bit just to recap and
and slightly expound so what we were sort of leading towards was that if we remember we were on the topic of
of um of art articulating the abstract and um if we look at what is not said as well as what is being said
um you can understand where the author is coming from and the way we do this is to try and learn the author and their train of thought
and then we can follow from what they are saying and that way we are getting closest to understanding what what it is that they're talking about
okay so through that process we become more profound and saw and to some degree reach a higher truth
um what even if we don't say something or or we say it in a way that it uh it's a complete it's an entirely different perspective
okay so then what uh to begin that's just that's the end of the recap now we're going to begin the lecture on uh experience and perception
which we're going to start off with cognition which is uh res cogitans i've heard it called cogitans too
maybe it's american british or something but um but this is our our cognition and what this this does is
receives data from our senses and our senses um then so if i get hurt uh there's going to be electronic impulses
into my brain to tell me that i'm getting hurt i get told that there's i i get bit by mosquito and or i feel the mosquito on me
and i get told hey i need to do something about my leg and that's why i'm going like that every once in a while
just because i'm getting rid of mosquitoes because they're all around okay so then our senses also
through our vision we're being told what's in the world you know there's a tree here and that tree is uh
is within my vicinity and my senses tell me that and i receive that information and then i can work my way
around it uh and make necessary improvisions like if if i'm hurting or if there's a mosquito that i don't
want to bite me that is on me and uh and this is what we call the external world or in philosophy it's
the phenomena the phenomena of the world is everything that's within it and it's within the uh space time
continuum we have time and we have space and according to kant uh which is one of your readings uh which
we'll talk about later um time and space is the only uh only things that are a priori which means before
the fact so in order for experience to be necessary we have to it experience uh we have to have time and
space available um for our understanding of experience okay so within this within space and time um we have
uh a continuity which is where uh where this tree remains in this similar form over time and i can make i
can know that this tree is is the same tree that it was yesterday um that it is today and i'm in the
same area that i was before okay so we have this continuity and this then over time um creates memory
memory and this memory is what our experience is so this vision their senses that this painting that our
imagination is is is making um is then creating this memory which results as experience and assertions
we we we then make assertions um on things to to see if they're right so we we will put dip our finger in
the water to see if it's hot or something we will test uh we will test the world and see how it responds and
then so we will trust ourselves in something um and but this creates misunderstandings a lot so if a boy climbs up a
tree and there's a poisonous snake right beside him but he has not seen the snake then uh he misunderstands
the situation and if i'm talking to you about perception and experience and you aren't understanding
this and you aren't rewinding if you get lost and and listening to it again um then you might misunderstand
what it is i'm trying to convey so this causes us to learn or to understand and as a byproduct of all
this stuff i'm talking about we get consciousness uh which is like the froth on the beer i've heard it
called and the wash of the ocean and um and also the haze of the world the haze of everything the haze
neurological impulses and this is where we come to real realism and idealism and uh this is this this
lecture i'm i'm gonna admit is uh this this course is pushing a little bit towards an idealist um approach
uh however what you have um in idealism is that everything is uh a product of of uh uh the spirit our consciousness
or so so we the mind they're saying that everything is reduced to the mind so everything exists as the mind perceives it to exist
um so then this is sort of leading away from that there are material objects because all that exists is the mind
and in the in saying this uh we also get the realist which then um come back and say no everything is reduced
to the physical which the physical is the brain states in which um which occur um but then how can you uh
how can you reduce neurological impulses to brains uh to to physical and and that's where they they uh try to
to explain and um and then this brings us to an external cause uh which was uh talked about um by kant by manuel kant
and you'll be reading some of this uh uh for your reading and he he said that uh there must be something out there
um because there's an external cause for me doing the things i do so this what i do the situations i'm in
and what i choose to do is caused externally so they're whether we exist or not uh or how how whether things
exist or not or how they exist um we we don't really know um but we can make assertions on and understand more
but we're still only understanding our perception which is a subjective point of view and um and this perception
um or this objective interpretation is is really all we're given but we try to make it more and that's
what science does is try to make a subjective interpretation into something much more as a as a as a truth but they
but they combine subjective interpretations and it does it does create it helps us know the world around us
um because we get a common understanding of the thing outside uh but it isn't um it still is only a painting of
what is outside um so science is the artist of the painting of science and its classifications and uh that are um that greatly aid us in our
our understandings okay so then we get a lot of people now we get the existentialist um which then focus on
um the consciousness what what this consciousness is focused on so we now know what the what our consciousness was
um was um was not was uh was not focused on um sorry now we know what our consciousness is and how it comes
about um then we are now in the position to study and analyze where our consciousness is focused and where this
and where this is focused um is explored by heidegger and um and in uh he then explores um whether
i'm sorry where that that essence lies and for him it's in the future and we do things for a result of something else
so we're constantly uh constantly going beyond what we are to to get a a more or a somehow better
and we can see this if we go to chop wood we're chopping wood for the result of that wood that we can
then use for for fire and heat and um and if we're making a barrel he says you know we are focused around
making that barrel and i am focused around making this video and this course and i am focused uh around
my studies and helping and continuing to learn the human condition and and uh society and learn how
the human condition can best function in society and that is what i'm going to continue to do and how to
express this meaning uh to everybody else and hopefully we can as a a group um of human loving compassionate
and and wonderful creatures that can reach so much if we only put our hearts to it um
we can become what we are we can become the tree from the acorn and right now our tree is dying uh
but that's not that wasn't heidegger's point heidegger's point was that he was
uh that we live for what it is that we are attempting to achieve and this acts in small um
intervals which we are constantly uh working working to to get to i'm trying to get past this sentence and
make sense of what i'm saying so my mind is then um contemplating the words that i need to make this
sentence uh best understandable okay so so sart then um french philosopher heigard was german um and
there's some controversial stuff about him uh so you might want to read up on him but uh and then sart
uh he was uh he was french philosopher and uh he's lucky enough to have a philosophy chick man he had a
lifetime long relationship with uh with uh simone de bouvier and um and she was brilliant just like him
um and he and that that relationship gives me inspiration um although i i am monogamous uh but besides that um
i i i don't uh
i really respect that relationship and i i want that but yeah okay i'm gonna go on um
um so then we sart says um that he was in a war just so you know um and he got imprisoned but he
was just like a weather guy or something and uh and he uh then got captured but i mean it wasn't like
i don't think it was a hugely strict uh imprisonment from from what i have heard but i mean it was
it was bad but he then escaped eventually and um and then started a revolution in in france uh but okay
well he so he and then he spent a lot of his time in coffee shops um analyzing and thinking and he started
a trend and uh and people started dressing in black and and wearing sunglasses and
uh those sort of people um talking about um these big life subjects uh but what what sart said was
that i don't know 100 if that's how you say uh pronounce it sart um i've i've heard a few french
people say it and it's very difficult for me to say um but uh he said there was that our consciousness is
focused on nothing so he gives an example of uh we meet we schedule to meet a friend at a coffee shop
and then we go to the coffee shop and we look around and what we see is nothing um our eyes uh
or sorry our consciousness blurs out everything that is not important to what it is that we're focused on
and it's then uh directs it towards what is not there so what is not there is the object of our
consciousness at all times so if we're looking for our wallet or we're we're writing something um
we're or i'm trying to speak we're we're constantly focusing on what's not there and trying to put in
place something to be there and then we're on to what is not there again because we're always in this
this nothingness um and that's how he speaks of it um that's an example of how he speaks of it so
then we get to this essence of of the person so um if you look around at people you know and you see
the waiter or something and how uh what what is the essence of this waiter and then we get to a soul
and if we look at a soul if we just assert a soul and we can see a certain level of direction towards
their life towards something that they have chosen to do so this essence or this soul is a certain
uh persuasion or pushing of this uh energy in a certain direction uh of where we are going so this is
just one interpretation of what a soul might be and then we have the question of the immortal soul which
uh if we remember back to buddhism um then we can find that our our suffering comes from clinging and
desiring and wanting and if we think about it this whole wanting more and more and more causes us suffering
so why would we want more life than we are provided so this life that we are provided then should be
enough for us to be happy and content with what within what we are um so the whole conception of the
immortal soul for me is a very interesting subject but ultimately irrelevant as it is not a practical uh matter
and uh because we should not be so desiring that because we should be content and happy and joyful
within whatever is because if we remember toll we get uh we don't want to suffer
and that cling and desire for what is practically irrelevant is a poor choice
beliefs so a poor choice of beliefs and uh because it ultimately causes suffering and we're trying to
pry away all this suffering from our lives so to be content with what is and hope for the best
in what is to come is the method that i have adapted thus the soul can live in accord with itself
okay i wanted to end this lecture with uh a little bit of
wisdom that i have found personally and i really want to say this is a personal thing that my life
has been geared towards um and there's been steps all along the way so i don't want to say that this
is the right for any right or wrong for anybody but at first in my life i figured out how to dominate the
physical and i did martial arts for a very long time and now that i have reached a certain level of
martial arts i now practice myself um and i'm a pacifist to i mean if there's something i don't know but
uh because i i live in faith so i'm not going to commit myself to the pacifism but i strive to be pacifist
in all scenarios um and uh but but i wasn't always like that uh and i've gotten in some fights with
bullies before because they were bullies and uh and not because they were picking on me um but
then so i've dominated my physical and i was able to roll around and i i was introduced to nature because
a lot of what i've done is ninjitsu and then once i learned my physical and was able to just you know
do what i wanted with my body anything you know climb up any any i've done rigorous training to
make my body do whatever i want it to do and um and then i learned how to dominate the mental
and this is when i started studying and i studied and i studied and i studied and i studied and i studied
and my choice of books became more and more refined into uh different philosophical matters and uh and
now and i read in many different formats great amounts and so i dominated my mental but then um especially
over the last two years when i when i was called um then i uh which which was basically a result of of my
divorce um but i was i was called and it was it was the call of jonah because we remember in lecture one
um jonah running from his destiny because i knew what i had to do but i wasn't prepared to do it
and i was was not strong uh mentally so i then developed my mental apparatus and once i got to a
certain point with that where it was just developing itself then i could focus my my essence that i had
on on the spirit which is the spiritual side and now i try to which is my soul the soul is the spirit and
now i try i do everything i can and i focus to get my spirit um in alignment with with god and we'll talk
about that with god with the god um lecture um but and that way i become as close to that absolute as
possible uh an example uh an example could be um we're all in uh we're all revolving around the sun
if we look at a metaphorical uh thought experiment we're all revolving around the sun
and we all see different aspects of that sun um and the sun being a possible absolute
um or absolute or or objectivity um and then but but the thing is that all the planets are different
distances from the sun so uh we are all revolving around that sun but we have other we can see
clearly how other people are closer to that sun than than other people that are around so we get different
different types of people and these different degrees are the essence of the soul um where the soul
is directed so the way that i perceive it and understand it to be is that i
i align my spirit with the divine and then everything else is built upon and i i i see this happening um so
when you align your spirit every your mental sorry when you learn from your physical from so you start
with yourself from your physical to your mental to your spiritual and let your when when you finish
training your physical then you train your mental and let your mental control over your physical and
then your spiritual to let your spiritual control over your mental and your physical which and be able to
bypass the spiritual and to the physical as well which is where you get people that um go beyond pain
into a most degree i go beyond pain i do surgeries on myself i've fixed my teeth um it's like nine
thousand dollars of work now i'll probably need like one or two thousand um and with you know pliers and a
dental set um i i've one day in my life i would like to get cut and then sew it back up i'm not going to
try to do that though um but uh there you could if if we align the spiritual and i guess the the talented
person um that can do all three and work on all three at the same time um i commend them but i had to
go through a process and uh that's that was a little bit about me but um now we're going to talk about
hume and this and what you're going to read a treatise on human nature and what we see with hume is that
what we get is impressions sense impressions so we we see that when we pick up a cup in a certain manner
that the cup then follows order to to then go go and be molded to what we want to do um so
let's do this more scientific if i spit on the ground wherever i spit on the ground it's going to be
wet um okay so if um if then i spit on the ground enough times and it's always wet where i
spit on the ground um then i'm gonna begin to understand that it's uh whenever it's whenever
i spit on the ground it's going to be wet and um so we're getting these impressions it's like one two
three and we then gain understanding from these impressions uh that are given to us
and we can then make experience this is where empiricism comes from which is then developed into
science and induction um so they then observe what happens when you
you when you do one thing and then what's the reaction so they then observe the reactions and
when you do it so many times then it becomes um something that you can uh call principle and um
and then this is how our knowledge is built and we make all these classifications um so
so but but but but but in saying this um we need to think that these are only impressions and that
experience itself um cannot say anything to be true because that we don't know the other causes the other
effects like uh so if we see that i click a lighter on and i see um the gas go and sorry i see the flint spark
and then the lighter come on i know that the the the flint uh striking created a spark which then
um the gas uh was combined with to make a flame and um but we don't know all the other factors i mean we
got we have oxygen the amount of oxygen in the air and i'm and there's many many other factors that
that we can observe and try to learn from what we can experience through our senses but outside of our
senses then we have no idea about um because because there we don't we don't perceive everything
we're only perceiving in certain perspectives okay so those um are the ideas and i know this lecture was
probably a difficult one and there's a lot of ideas here and if you struggled with any of them i really
recommend that you you go back in and uh and listen to them again because they are very complex subjects
and um they're not something for us to take lightly and then this will have an effect on where we go next
with our um lecture of uh knowledge and uh sorry existence and knowledge which whether it existence whether
we do exist or um if we do exist why or we're going to be looking at that and when uh and as a result of um
what we are given what can we say to know and can can we have any knowledge in in uh can we have any
knowledge in anything and this is what we're going to be looking at in the next lecture and we have
some more good readings that will be coming from that so i hope you enjoy those readings and if you
need anything just contact me on my website and we can talk anything out uh stay safe



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



Oh, hi, how are you? Sorry, didn't see you there. What star sign are you? Yeah? That's hype. You and I will get along fine.
Did you hear that the eternal field of Rufusus is coming to Earth to take its kin back to their home planet? I thought that I might be a Rufus in Bloodline, but I went to my clairvoyant, and she told me that I was from the planet Laxon, and it might be a while before I get to go home.
But until then, I will help humans increase global consciousness on this planet in the awakening of Malachi. I will do much good for humanity.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



Greetings, and welcome to Lecture 5, Existence and Knowledge.
It is a Sunday today, the day of rest, the day of our Lord,
and I wanted to start this lecture to speak about the Jews.
And this is the day of the Sabbath, the day that God passed over our souls.
This came from one of the plagues, the last plague, when they were slaves in Egypt,
and Moses set them free.
And it also comes from the day of rest, in which God reflected on his creation, and it was good.
So, there's meaning behind the things we do, and it's good to look at that meaning and respect that meaning.
I want to now reflect on the Jews and their subjugation that they have gone through throughout our history.
And I want us to think about that so their subjugation and death massacres will not be in vain.
Let us remember the six million under the rule of Hitler.
And let us just reflect on how they were slaves in Egypt and then taken.
And then later on, they then were dispersed, and for their beliefs in God, which is the rule, the Ten Commandments,
they have been persecuted and throughout our history have been treated less than human.
And we need to learn how to go beyond that because our fellow man is the only thing in this life that matters.
And our insanity to subjugate and oppress that fellow man is what we need to learn to overcome.
So, let's just understand the topic that we're dealing with, and that's what we're going to be going through today is history.
And we need to respect what it is that we're touching on.
And as far as the Jews, I am very sorry for, as my part of being the human race, and I will not sit back and let something like that happen to me.
And if I see an atrocity, I will do everything I can to prevent that, and I will do everything I can to help you to your promised land.
Okay, it's Sunday, so we're going to relax.
We're going to relax this lecture.
So, just sit back and let this lecture come to you.
Just listen out to these ideas, and just be receptive, and we're going to take it slow.
We do have a lot of material to cover, but I want you to realize the topic that you're dealing with.
It's philosophy, and you've got your entire life to sort through these topics.
So, to introduce you to this incredible and enormous history is but a tip of the iceberg.
So, if you just let the ideas come in and out of your head, they'll be repeating over your time invested into philosophy.
But this will just give you a general overview about some of its history.
As far as online learning, this course that I've set out for you has all come together from a long time of study,
and everything in my mind started linking.
And I've been doing online learning in different methods for a lot of my life.
I've been doing university external.
It's not really online, but I download the lectures on the internet.
And I get sent the material, and then I read the material, and I listen to the lectures.
And that's what happens with that.
So, I've done a lot of different types of external studies.
And I'm trying to present this with the best of what I've been receptive to.
And not only that, you are not limited to any time with this.
You have a pause button there, and I encourage you to make use of that pause button whenever you want.
You can walk away and then come back to it later.
These are online and free for you.
So, you can make use of them as you will.
And just go through the material slowly.
If you only want to do a lecture a month, if that's the amount of material that you can understand and go through,
a lecture and the readings a month or something like that, then that's fair.
I would recommend doing more than that.
Maybe do one a week or something like that.
But schedule it your own way.
You have a lifetime to tackle these subjects.
And I'm going to tell you the entire key to this subject that will put your mind to rest.
So, anytime you get a little bit confused with what I'm talking about, just fall back on this.
And that is that we know nothing.
And as I'm talking about these subjects at any time, just think, okay, well, we know nothing.
So, that will help reorientate your mind back to what type of subject we are talking about.
And also, you can download these lectures in MP3 format.
There's easy ways to do that.
You can just install a plugin on your browser and it will convert the video to MP3.
And you can listen to them on your iPod or something like that.
So, anything you can do to make your learning easier for you, I recommend you to employ those methods.
So, philosophy is a lifelong commitment.
And whether you're just starting out now or you have a little bit of background, it's topics that will go over your head throughout your life.
So, even if you're starting out, these topics will continue to haunt you through your life, even if you don't continue after this course.
And there's another thing, but I can't remember it.
I'll say it as the lecture goes on.
But the content of this lecture is going to be going through our history and what we have come to try to know.
And there's going to be a lot of culture involved here because there's a lot of different groups.
And there's a lot of dispersion between these groups and aliens.
So, there's a lot of multi-culture that begins to happen and culture conflicts.
So, we need to think about that when these philosophies are being presented.
And throughout most of our history, we've had wars and there's wars going on through most of this time.
So, remember that. A lot of times there's ten years of peace here, ten years of peace there.
And sometimes there's long, long times.
But it's not, it's not, we have a very brutal history and I'm hoping our future can go beyond that.
But we'll start out with the ancient Greeks and they focused on mythology.
And when we think of mythology today, we think, oh, that means it's rubbish.
And that's not true.
The way mythology worked is that they structured characters similar to real people.
So, their gods were similar to real people.
They lived lives and they had bodies.
But the thing is that not all of them were immortal.
But they had characteristics of humans that were heightened, enhanced.
And through these characters, they told stories.
And they did that through poems and plays.
So, mythology, and these stories would give some deeper meaning into a certain aspect of human,
of humanity, of human life and what we are to do with it.
So, these were inspirational, poetic pieces of work that were trying to give a,
were trying to portray a deeper meaning about humanity and not necessarily about worshiping a god.
So, that's why it's not called religion.
It's called mythology.
But in saying that, a lot of people did worship these gods and thought of them as everyday existing characters
who they needed to please and sacrifice to, etc.
But that was mythology.
And over that time, you started to get the sophists.
And Athens had a big influence on, on intellectual freedom.
And the sophists were the stoics, or sorry, the sophists were the teachers of their time.
And the teachers would, they would charge for learning, but what they would do would teach individuality.
And they taught that man is the measure of all things and that what is right for one is not necessarily right for another.
They taught that in all things.
And there's no absolute good at all and man is everything.
And that's what these sophists taught.
And then you had the stoics and Zeno started that.
And what they would do was teach rigorous training on the body and mind so they could become tranquil in all that happens.
And all events of experience.
And they, around that time we also had Heraclitus.
And he taught that everything was composed of simple substances.
And that's, and there was one simple substance that was composed of everything and that was fire.
And there was fire, and there was fire somehow within everything.
And other philosophers around this time have said that it's, it's water or, or earth or something like that.
They've, they've, they've categorized these simple substances.
And now we see that in result of the periodic table.
Um, but that's, the periodic table is still only the substances that are known and be, and, uh, and perceivable by human.
Um, so that's what we're working with there.
And then, around this time as well as, uh, Democritus.
And he, uh, he taught that the most simple substance was an atom.
And everything was composed and formed of, of, uh, many of these atoms.
Uh, an unfathomable amount of these atoms who have composed themselves in certain manners.
Um, and now we, we see that and understand that in science.
Uh, so this, these were ideas that, uh, go way back.
But now we are able to observe more than we were able to observe at that time through technology.
So we know more about it.
Uh, then you have around this time Buddha as well.
And, uh, Siddhartha Gautama.
Um, but this was over east.
So this was not integrated at all.
Um, but you might hear some of the same ideas.
That, that come from it.
Um, then Socrates, uh, was shortly, uh, was around that time too.
And Socrates, uh, taught that there was an absolute good.
And we were on a search to find that absolute good.
And how are we going to do that?
And he did that through, his own way was through the, uh, So, uh, uh, Socratic method.
Um, which then is a discourse, basically talking to someone, talking out through a, a topic.
And usually the way these, uh, discourses go is, is Socrates goes, yeah, this is this and this is that.
Is that right?
And they go, yes, yes.
And so most of his people are yes men, but every once in a while, not, not so much.
But, uh, but that's the Socratic method.
And we are able to logically form conclusions, um, based upon that.
Um, so then we have his pupil, uh, his disciple Plato.
And, um, and we've read some of him in the symposium.
And we'll talk about him next lecture as well.
Uh, but then he, he said, okay, everything is a shadow.
Um, the world is a shadow.
And the way he explains this is the allegory of the cave.
He says that we are all chained in a cave facing a wall.
And behind this wall is a fire.
And there's people walking around, are captors.
They're walking around behind the fire, or around the fire.
And it's casting shadows onto the wall that's before us.
So we are spending our entire lives looking at this wall and only seeing shadows of, of what life really is and what everything is.
And, uh, we, we spend our lives then breaking out of our chains and being able to walk around the cave and see that the, the shadows were cast from the fire from observation.
And then we are able to walk out of that cave and see an entirely different world.
Um, uh, so for Plato, what was knowledge is, is the, the ideal behind the thing.
And that's the image of the thing.
He called it forms or ideas.
And, um, and this was a true knowledge for Plato because it was like an imprint of a thing.
So, uh, are, are the general mold for the thing.
Uh, so we see if we make cookies and we have, um, we use a certain cookie cutter.
Uh, all the cookies still turn out different, but you use the same cookie cutter for it.
So it's like the form to make the cookies.
And that is the perfect knowledge that we should strive for.
And, uh, and that's just the spiritual for Plato as well.
And these, so these forms and ideas, then it's like, if you're looking at a tree, you're only looking at one perspective of a tree.
You're not looking at the entire tree.
And then you have to question what makes a tree.
The tree-ness of a tree makes a tree.
Um, even though each tree is different.
Uh, and, uh, like we can't see all sides of a cube.
It's not, not possible.
But we know what a cube is just by seeing a simple depiction of a few sides of that cube.
Uh, so that's his forms of theory, uh, his theory of forms and ideas.
Then we have Aristotle who talks, gets into ethics and categories.
And, um, so he, for knowledge, for Aristotle, we can, uh, compartmentalize categories.
And I'll give an example, uh, of a justice question, but then we'll translate into knowledge.
But we'll come back to it later on why act morally.
But, okay, so, uh, if someone, if I have a guitar that I would like to give away for free, um, and it's a really good, let's say it's the best guitar in the world.
And, and I spent my life making it and I want to go give it away because, um, because I want it to be used as the best guitar in the world.
It is, uh, obvious that who we're going to give that guitar to should be the best guitar player in the world.
So the best guitar in the world would make the most beautiful music if we gave it to the best guitar player in the world.
Um, so, we come to this, okay, well, okay, so that's the, the, the question which we'll come back to later.
But then, the way he then looks at it, then, okay, so what constitutes a guitar player?
And then what constitutes a best guitar player?
And so we got to look how to divide, um, these, these things up.
Uh, so, then we have genus and species.
So, a guitar player consists of this, this, and this, and then a, uh, a, a, uh, uh, you have the different levels.
Um, I'm thinking games, easy, medium, and hard, but, um, uh, advanced and intermediate, and you have different levels.
And, and then you either achieve certain goals to get beyond those levels, or you, uh, or you just fall into them for what, what you are.
But, um, but, so, so, this is not some, this is a true knowledge, because then we're able to divide everything up.
And this is where science is able to analyze and document information, um, detailed information about what we have.
Okay, so, uh, then we have, uh, the Epicurus and the Epicureans, um, come shortly after.
And he's like a hedonistic, uh, ascetic, which is, uh, um, kind of the direction that I go.
And what he, he says is that, uh, we should, um, we, we should find our happiness,
and our happiness is found through, through not clinging, similar to Buddha, and Buddhism.
Um, and that is through having the minimal necessities, um, because when you, like, let's say you eat a lot, you indulge,
um, it's more difficult to stop indulging, um, when, uh, when you're indulging.
So, if you resist indulging, then you no longer have the desire to indulge.
So, um, you are able to have the minimal necessary, uh, and still be happy for when you're drinking water
that is appreciated for water because you need water.
Then the water, that water is the water of life.
And it makes you more appreciative of what you have.
And, uh, we'll talk about this later because this is, um, an important topic.
Uh, but he, he, uh, ascribed to the theories of Democratus, which, if we remember, was Adams.
Um, and then we go on to Neo.
There was, uh, then Neo-Reformations, which were new, uh, so Neo-Epicureans.
And then the Neo, uh, Neo-Stoics started by Zeno.
And, um, we just have, we have all the different, uh, off-casts of the original.
And then we have Jesus.
And then Jesus comes and teaches, uh, the end of, of suffering is through suffering on the cross.
Um, but that's not his own, his teachings is his life and not his death.
Uh, and then we have many interpretations of those teachings of Jesus.
And, uh, one of those interpretations then is Gnosticism, uh, which then is about finding knowledge through,
uh, true knowledge through, uh, type of secret understanding.
And, uh, which we, could be found through the path of searching and finding the right material to read.
Um, or, so you can possess the correct understanding.
Um, and then, uh, you have Paul who, who kind of organized religion.
But what Paul did was, cause it was Jews.
If you remember, um, Jesus was born as a Jew.
Um, so, uh, and his people were Jews.
So, he was under the law of Moses, which true knowledge was, um, the Ten Commandments.
And the adherence to strict laws, certain laws that followed those Ten Commandments.
And, um, and then he preached something that was a little bit different.
Uh, so you have the Jews being reserved about his teachings.
And, um, and then you have the Gentiles who were wanting, they were called the God-fearers.
They were wanting, um, to find solace in God.
And this, the Gentiles were grouped between, um, you know, mostly Greek, um, but also Roman.
Um, and it was, it was mixed.
It was mixed.
And Jesus, Paul said, Jesus is for everybody.
And everybody is the Gentiles because he relates it to a word that was used in the Old Testament.
Um, and so then he, uh, says through, through the sufferings of Jesus on the cross, who is God, died, um, for each man's sin.
And, and the cross then, uh, regained our, our place in, in heaven.
And, um, this is a very profound thought, and it's, it's a good thing to think about.
Uh, but, but Paul then, in doing this, Paul created three gods from one, um, following a polytheistic religion, but claiming it as monotheism.
But I, I don't know.
There's, there's a lot of different factors involved with Paul.
But either way you look at it, Paul established what we have come to, or what has developed into the modern day church,
which, um, Roman Catholic church, um, embraced.
Uh, and then we had the dark ages because that was church rule.
And, uh, for a long time no one was thinking and no one was daring to think because the church ruled the ideas of the people.
And, uh, because they ruled the state as well.
And, um, and we get very little works from the dark ages.
And, uh, eventually people start to think again.
And that's where we get St. Augustine and Aquinas.
And, uh, they're, they're trying to think out God because God is given to them as the ultimate.
And they get persecuted or, or become a heretic if they think any different.
And they might get martyred for that.
Uh, and, uh, are imprisoned.
So it's something they either have to, if they do bring out the ideas they have to reject or, uh, or pay extreme consequences for.
Um, and then through that you're getting, then Galileo and Copernicus and people saying things like the, the earth is not the center of the world.
And causing controversy about that because then that screws up the idea of their own perception of God.
And, um, and then the printing press comes.
And then you get, and this starts a whole big thing because instead of scribes writing it out.
It's, it's really easily available and cheap to produce to everybody.
And this started, um, a whole line of thought.
And then we get Descartes who questioned, he, Descartes opened up a whole bag of worms by dividing the mind and the body.
Um, and Descartes will be one of our readings for this lecture.
Uh, but, but we'll talk about that later.
Um, he, he questioned knowledge and what we could truly understand.
And his conclusion was that he exists because he thinks, uh, kagito ergo sum, um, which means I think therefore I am.
Uh, or I, I perceive, I, I perceive therefore I am.
Um, there's a few ways that it can be interpreted.
But, uh, I'm, I'm going through things.
I need to go through things fast because, uh, I don't want this lecture to be too long.
Okay, so then we have Locke, um, who start, who looks at empiricism.
And that's, uh, that's experience.
So we're starting to look at experience now.
We're looking at the eye that Descartes threw in there.
And, um, and then we have, who, then, uh, Locke looks at the blank slate and he says that everybody starts with a blank mind.
And then they, they take from the world, um, and ascribe to that slate, uh, experience.
And that slate then gets built.
So the soul and the eye and the me becomes, uh, something clear at the beginning.
And through time, uh, changes to make that slate what it is.
Uh, and then we have Hume who says that, uh, everything is, uh, through perception of sequential events.
So we're looking at, um, at, I throw a match in two, um, uh, I light a match at when, uh, when a stove is, uh, turned on to, and I expect the gas to unite with the flame and create a fire.
And, uh, and I do that, uh, so many times and I come to know that those two things are gonna happen.
And if, if it doesn't happen, then I look for reasons why it's not happening.
So if it doesn't happen, then I look to see if the gas is on.
Um, so that's, that's his, and that, that then, um, that then developed, uh, science a great deal because then we started to look at the secret sequential events.
Um, and document that, uh, so this is the superior empiricism thing.
And, uh, the ultimate, um, statement though that Hume was saying is that we can never trust the event to continue to happen.
So, uh, because we do not determine the laws that are surrounded by them, nor we can, nor can we have any idea whether these laws, uh, whether there are any more additional laws that we cannot perceive because we are only beings of certain senses.
And there, uh, we can't say that things don't exist, uh, because they might.
So, we can't say that black swans don't exist, but they might have said that, or they did say that before they came to Australia and found the black swan.
Uh, so, uh, so we're, we're always looking for what's not.
Um, but we'll continue with Berkeley, Berkeley.
And Berkeley, uh, was, uh, was an idealist.
And, um, what, he, he was a subjective idealist, uh, who thought that his mind, uh, he, he believed that his mind was reduced all to, um, subjective experience, which, uh, which, uh, a product of the mind, which is part of the spirit of everything, which constituted physical reality.
Um, so, the physical reality was a byproduct of the mind instead of the mind being a byproduct of the physical reality.
And this is one of our readings, um, and this is, we need to, to question, uh, whether it is that this outside reality, which we hold so dearly and, uh, definitively actually exists.
And if it, if it does exist, then how does it exist?
And how can we say it to exist?
Um, we get some of these answers from our last lecture with Kant.
Um, and I'll speak about that in a second, but, uh, we'll move on.
We'll get to Hegel.
Hegel.
And, uh, he, he believed that the earth, uh, that everything was coming, God's consciousness coming together.
Like, human reason, thought, um, understanding ideals, uh, everything was God's consciousness coming together.
The physical manifestation, um, and that was Hegel.
And Kierkegaard comes out and, uh, and starts to look at individuality because he notices that, yes, it's true that everything works as a whole, but there's individuality in everything.
And, uh, it is our own destiny, um, to be, to be, to be a Christian doesn't mean what the Orthodox Church doesn't mean.
It means it's our destiny to accept our, our burdens and make the best of them that we can in life.
And that's, uh, to be a true Christian is to truly walk for God and not what the church does.
And, uh, and that was Kierkegaard.
So we're getting now diversity within this whole, uh, within this whole God thing.
Hume and Voltaire, they, they were, um, controversy in it all.
And, uh, and so there is starting to become known that some people might not necessarily believe in this God figure.
Um, and some were getting persecuted and, uh, like Hume got bricks thrown at his house and I think there's a fire started.
Um, but there are starting to exist these people.
Uh, and we have Kant and, um, and knowledge then, he, he, uh, we read his article, um, last, we read a selection of critique of your reason last lecture.
Uh, but he then goes that, or as, as we have seen, he is questioning, um, existence, the perception, he's following on Barclay's argument, which we'll be reading.
Um, and he's quite, and he's explaining how, uh, through an idealist method, which is Barclay, um, we still can claim some existence to be, be there.
Um, and he, he does this through, uh, through saying what's a priori, what's before the fact of experience.
Um, and that is that time and space are before my experience, um, because they make experience, experience possible.
Because without time and space and the continuity between time and space, uh, we wouldn't be able to have experience.
So, uh, we can know there's some external factor there that is causing our existence or, our, uh, dealings within that existence.
Uh, so then we move on to Spinoza and he developed pantheism.
Um, and this is the idea that God is in everything and you'll probably, it'll probably resonate some of my words, um, as, as this, uh, goes on.
And as, especially as we reach lecture seven in one of the readings, um, but, but as God is in everything and all we need to do is learn how to see that God and resonate our spirits within that God that is in everything.
And, uh, Nietzsche is around that time too.
And Nietzsche said, okay, well, if we've killed the concept of God, then, uh, then where are we going to fall back on?
What do we know and what, what can we trust to fall back on?
So how can humanity rebuild morals depending on what we know outside of God?
And this is his big question, um, and his statement, God is dead, that, that shakes up everybody.
But this is his question.
So if we're not going to rely on a God, then how are we going to treat our fellow human being?
Um, and, and we also, uh, oh, Wittgenstein as well, um, around that.
So we also got people analyzing words and Wittgenstein analyzed words a great deal.
We have mathematics going on too.
So we have, uh, different areas of philosophy developing, um, at this same time with, uh, with their struggle with the question of God and knowledge and, uh, and existence, whether we exist or not.
Okay.
So then we are led to, uh, her, her cell, which studied phenomenology.
And that is the outside external res extensa of the world, the things of the world.
And, uh, and this brings then, uh, Heidegger, um, and he, he questions where our consciousness is focused.
And that is in the future ahead of itself, which we spoke of in the last lecture.
And, uh, and Sart then, uh, then is around that time.
And, uh, and he, and actually, sorry, let's go back to Heidegger.
Uh, Heidegger also had a pupil, uh, Hannah Arendt, and, um, and they had a love affair a few times.
And, uh, and, uh, is, it's interesting because he was part of the Nazi party and she forgave him for that.
Um, but he, he did get her out of, uh, Germany in a difficult time.
Uh, so they're, they, they were close.
And Hannah Arendt, um, did a lot of good in philosophy and, uh, a lot of good for women, too.
So, and, and not just that, Simone de Bouvier was around that time.
And she started, um, pulling out the rose tinted glasses of oppression of women.
So slowly you can see this ungripping of oppression and it's, but, but the thing is that you're always going back.
So it might go, eh, eh, eh, eh, but, but we are slowly developing as a, a race.
Um, and even though it might not manifest in every individual, uh, the, the collective understanding of, of everything
is a growing and sharpening tool.
Um, and we then, uh, I gotta be quick.
Sorry.
Um, and we also get to Turing there, which, um, Alan Turing looks at, you know, the mind and how that can be compared to a computer.
And then we're starting to analyze the mind like a computer and then building computers off what we're analyzing the mind off of.
And, uh, and then we get this great technology.
Um, we get them Freud studying this, uh, subconscious and unconscious.
So repressed ideas.
And, uh, and what, and this is, this comes from, um, the question of, uh, the eye that, that, um, Descartes, um, through, through in the loop.
And, um, cause I think before I am, it starts that, you know, essence is before existence.
Uh, so there's a fault with, with that thinking.
Um, but then Freud is, is looking at what is behind that, that existence and, um, was part of the essence.
And that is the unconscious and the subconscious.
And we get the, uh, different levels of, of, uh, of activity within consciousness.
So consciousness is not just one stream, but multiple streams, like different dimensions within that one consciousness.
And then we get people like Bernays, and, uh, I have some problems with Bernays.
Um, oh yeah, like Goebbels, you know, propaganda, um, that's when we started to learn that, uh, and that was in, um, Nazi Germany with, uh, Goebbels.
And he was, uh, investigating how to control the masses through, um, product placement and different methods of, uh, of media through repetition and simple, simple messages.
Um, that might not be completely understood on the conscious level, but over time, a repetition, um, it'll be understood.
And then Bernays, uh, hones in on this front using that and, uh, using some of those ideas and Freud's unconscious and subconscious.
And then he, um, he booms capitalism.
Um, and then cap, and from the industrial revolution, we had a means to produce massive amounts of goods.
So then capitalism becomes a mass, uh, a mass production.
And, um, and then he, uh, through different techniques, he is, he get, he reaches the subconscious and the unconscious, um,
to express his individuality through different objects.
And those objects can be a lot of different objects.
And that's why we have a lot of variety of objects.
There's no one person that has the same things as another person.
I mean, you might share certain things, but most people have a lot of different types of things.
And they express their individuality by those things.
This shirt that I have, it was a gift actually, um, from a good friend.
But it's, uh, it, it expresses my individuality and that's why I wear it.
But this then, um, made one forget about the individuality of the self, of their own personal experience,
and how they have built that experience.
And this is how capitalism, uh, controls the masses, uh, and the, the ones who see through it are alienated and, uh, and, uh, and oppressed,
attempted to be, be quiet, quietened.
Uh, so, we're, we can see sort of how, how history's developed, uh, through all this.
It's a difficult, it's a difficult life.
I mean, this is our history.
This is what is, what has built us.
I mean, there's a lot more to it than this.
I'm just giving you an overview of the history of philosophy and a little bit on religion.
Um, you, in this time, you also have, uh, no, in like, I think it's 400 or 450 or something,
you have Muhammad, and he saw the prophets being true prophets,
but then, um, but then corruptions being in Paul and, and other, um, interpreters,
and, uh, saw that they were worshiping three gods, so he, he then, God is one God.
And, uh, Islam means to devote oneself, and it's to entirely to devote oneself,
and not just, uh, and not just worship this three God thing that spread ourselves, uh, thin.
So, uh, that, that's how, how everything's come together.
There's a lot of stuff that I forgot, and I'm always, everything links, everything links,
and it's good to know these things.
Um, but at the end of the day, after all this is said, the only thing that we know is that we know nothing.
And that's what this shirt, um, says.
It's, uh, Socrates, uh, here, there we go.
And, it's, uh, the only thing that I know is that I don't know anything,
and that's Socrates.
And this is from Greek, uh, Greece, and it's actually from a Greek friend that I have.
Uh, and it's, uh, oh, Irene, thanks, Irene, for the shirt, by the way.
But, um, so that's, that's where we are, and what we need to look at is the test of time.
And the, uh, important text, the ideas that come from text, uh, or from expression of the painter,
um, will, will go through rigorous testing of time.
And it will either make it or not.
So, material that you read is either going to go in the trash of humanity,
or on a pedestal, or as a piece of mediocre work that's just archived.
So, there's, there's the options.
Um, if there's a lot of material, uh, sorry.
Okay, let's say, uh, all the material that, the trashy novels that are out there.
I'm trying to be not so critical.
But the trashy novels that are out there, and the things with very little meaning,
or, or none, or poor meaning, or immoral meaning, um, things that don't help humanity at all,
um, but are made to kill time, uh, those are not going to, to stand the test of time at all.
These articles in current affairs, and, and all these things that people think are critical issues,
are not things that will stand the test of time.
And whether a philosophy will hold up or not, will demonstrate itself in time.
Um, so whether or not I go down in history, uh, will show itself.
And I believe I will, but I don't care at the same time.
I'm only living the best life that I can.
But my ideas will either, will either spread or be shot down.
And, either way that happens, either, either result is for the best of humanity,
or, or, or the corruptions of those ideals will destroy it.
And one of those is going to happen, not only to, to my work and all the other philosophers of the world's work,
but, um, also our entire humanity.
Uh, so I hope you've enjoyed this, uh, this lecture.
I, I want you to relax.
Relax with this material.
Um, I know last lecture was quite difficult.
It's, it's quite difficult to stand back and look at how you see things.
Um, but it is important, um, skill to obtain.
Because once we do that, we can then modify our unhealthy, uh, habits and, and make them into virtues.
Uh, so I'll leave you with that thought.
Actually, I'll leave you with this, this question.
Um, if you were to read a book, let's say, if you haven't been into philosophy before,
and you've read books that you thought were good or whatever.
Um, imagine, imagine speak, being in a room and speaking with the author of that book.
Okay?
Now imagine one of these grand books that we have been going through.
And imagine being in a room and speaking with that author.
How different would those two situations be?
So, let's think, let's relate that back to the question of time.
And time will tell everything, uh, for it will either destroy us or we are, we will, it will help us flourish.
And the only way for it to help us flourish is if we go back to evolving, um, as, as human individuals with a perception and understanding of what knowledge could and might be.
And at the same time, I want us to remember Plato and his, uh, his works, Crito, that we read in the first lecture.
And that is that, uh, uh, and this is from what Diatoma was speaking through, through Socrates.
Um, she said, a man is not, is not ignorant nor wise, but somewhere in between.
And we're always at some point in that spectrum of, of ignorant and wise.
And we're never either way on, on either side, um, entirely.
Um, entirely.
So, if you are wise, there is no reason to search for wisdom, wisdom.
If you are entirely ignorant, like in the fall of man, um, then you might be persuaded to break out of that ignorance.
And I persuade you all to break out of that ignorance.
We've already eaten the apple.
It's time to, to learn all we can so that we can go back to, to, uh, our, so we, that, that we can progress as human
and take our, our God-like inheritance, um, with knowledge and God are what we understand knowledge to possibly be.
Uh, okay.
Thanks very much.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



Who is wise? I am not wise, for if I was, then I would not desire wisdom. I desire to learn how
to swim until I was able to swim, but the scope of wisdom is infinite in its depth. I find fragments
of wisdom here and there, and when they become understood, I no longer desire those fragments.
To truly learn how to swim in the sea of life is a constant struggle and is no easy task.
The feeling of despair from the abysmal waters frightens me. At every stroke, I am tempted
to stop and tread water. However, I know, if I do this, my arms and legs will give way,
and I will drown.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



Greetings and welcome to lecture six the seeker. Okay so we've been getting a lot
of information lately and we are halfway there but as Eno says we can never be
halfway there because once we're halfway there we are no longer halfway there and
we must draw another line but in saying this most of the content has been spat
out and and now we're just going to be connecting the dots so if you're
worrying about the content there's not heaps of it left we just got to ride the
slide down now that we've walked up to it so I hope that your ride down the slide
is enjoyable what we've been talking about is the res extensa and the res
cogitans which the res extensa is the extended thing the phenomena of the
world the outside thing and then the the res cogitans is the cognition are the
consciousness the inside thing it is the the mind so we're talking about a by
mind body and we're looking at relationships between that mind and body
and we get idealism which which which then deduces the physical into the mind
so the physical is a result of mental states and then you get the materialists
which say that the physical so that the mental is reduced to the physical state
physical manifestations so we talked a lot about idealism and you read a lot
about idealism but we haven't really done much on materialism or physical or
realism heard it called physicalism before but uh so I'll just I'll just
describe one guy named Leibniz and here and he did look into a modality but now
and so basically he was looking at monads he said that the most simplest
substance was a monad and the sim in this monad is the it's the smallest the
smallest particle of a thing and then these monads can can they act in accord
with one another and none of them they're not a causal relation between
them they're all acting freely not interacting at all and he says that
there is a central queen monad that there's and that's the soul he thinks it
is which leaves us in the dark that doesn't really answer too many of our
questions but I thought I would present to you a a material view of this
situation since we've been looking through ideal views and most of this
like I'm more in I'm more persuaded with idealism than than realism however I
think there is a synthesis of the two okay so we have been doing online
learning and I've been to university for a long time now since 2002 I've been
studying at university most of that I did have sometimes I had to work and I
couldn't do university but I did then diplomas while I did that but I did part
time a lot too so I mean I'm well but I did external which means they sent their
books to me and and I download the lectures and so I'm learning this whole
online thing and the material that I'm giving and what I'm giving you resources
to I'm trying to better everything I've done and everything I've done is paid but
this is not paid this is free so I want you to feel free to email me about
anything you would like to talk about and we can talk these subjects through and
I'm not like one of those university professor professors I am NOT a status
person I'm looking at you as a human being because you are a fellow software man
and part of mankind and that's what I'm looking at you in this light and the
professors in university and every teacher that ever comes along that I have
had experience with is not doing this they they want to present their
information and be done with you and that is not my my considerations I I am NOT
here to do that before these questions will haunt us for all the days and if we
learn to tackle these questions and we can then then build upon what it is that
we know and that's why talking about these questions is important so these we're in
a real world and this is real life study and there's going to be an exam at the end of
this course so just want you to be aware of that but uh but I care about you and I care about your
soul only second to my soul and I would like your soul to be as pure as possible because that is the
exemplar of human beings and and I'm going to be an exemplar at every stage and second that I can manage to
actually become that and I encourage you to do that as well um okay so we'll continue we'll start the
lecture uh now and uh and this is going to be easy I mean we've done we've gone through a lot of
information over the last two lectures so uh so the only information that we'll be talking about here
to the most degree is about you um for for the seeker is you whether you realize it or not
so what we need to do is become conscious that we are the seeker and I'll teach you why you're the
seeker um and you're the seeker whether whether you realize it or not um if you've gotten through to
this to this far through the lectures um to this far in the course then you are a seeker like me
but um everybody is a seeker and we're gonna we can see this um clearly in everyday actions
when we wake up we look for the clock to see what time it is um so we seek for the clock we seek
where we're going to put our hand to pull the sheets away from our beds and then we we seek to
to get our clothes and then to go into the shower we seek the towel and then we're we're seeking uh if
we want toast then we seek the toaster and the bread and all the commodities that we might put
on toast and uh and once we find them so uh after the seeking is done and once we find them then we
uh then we no longer are concerned about about the task of finding them because the item is found
um but if we don't find them then we get agitated for not being able to find them and uh and if you
lose your wallet or something this can be a very frustrating thing um and you'll look everywhere
and it turns out to be somewhere that that you should have probably known anyway um but this is
the process that that everybody's going through they're seeking and they're seeking so so they search
and then they find um after they find though they must interpret so you must interpret what the
information that you found uh so and then you have to convey that information if any of that is relevant
to another person and then we have to uh learn how to convey that in the manner that will be
understood by the other um and we then discuss it with that other and through this discussion
we then uh find out what the other person knows about it and we can then elaborate and and if we have
a confusion we start an argument and that argument then might settle in a situation um and clear up
any misunderstandings within that situations within that situation okay so uh and then we make a
harmony of our two voices and our two understandings um from what it is that we were talking about
and uh this harmony takes into consideration both perspective both perspectives and makes a unison
out of it uh so we then are then we are for sorry afterwards so after this process then we can compose
um a method to describe what it is that we just solved and we can do this through different types of
expression and that's where the painter comes in um so the and then we must perform
so it if the if the understanding doesn't have any practical application then there is no result
of that understanding and was not a useful topic to to focus in on to practically apply to the world
um and these are the things that we're constantly doing and i'll talk of a um of a little a little
situation a situation like an everyday situation that might happen so uh you're sitting um on the computer
and then your mother comes in and says well what's the time and then you look at the computer
and you say uh it's 10 15 and then your uh your mother so so we went and we we searched uh you looked on
the time for uh on the computer to find out the time you interpreted that time from your understanding
of the concept of time and then you uh conveyed your interpretation to your mother
um and your mother then said uh brings up the discussions she says it's not i can't be 10 15
it's uh it feels much much later so then she brings up uh an argument um from the discussion and then
you're you feel it must be 10 15 because uh the computer says it is and it couldn't lie to you and
you have no reason to think it lies to you so you then um so you then hold true to the 10 15
and uh and you then get okay so what can happen is you feel uh threatened by the argument and when you
feel threatened by the argument then your pride comes in and you become arrogant about the situation
um and this brings upon self-righteousness um and this argument that was once just a discussion of
of of just basic value um to assist um necessities that are within our life uh then becomes a problematic
situation and um and then you are so so so then you say no it must be 10 15 i i i am almost positive
it's 10 15 and uh maybe you even some reason say you know it's 10 15 because you've you had another
experience that made you think it was around that time and uh and then it turns out that uh the
uh daylight savings time happened and you were both uh unaware of that you both forgot about that so
then oh it was actually 11 15 my bad um so then after the discussion you came to the conclusion that
that there was an issue that needed to be resolved and then through these two uh and through through that
you make a harmonization of what is or what is closer to be accurate and then from there you can uh you can
compose the accurate data and and resolve the situation okay so that's how how it works on a functional
level and and we should be thinking about this because if we want to be healthy then we need to
have healthy reactions uh towards our our meaning and communication within the world um okay so we're
constantly searching and uh and through this we then create because we combine different things to make
something else uh we have a whole bunch of stuff in the world and we we take some of that stuff to make
other things and perform certain functions within this world so we are the creators and we are the creators
actually because it is our nature to be creators because our created is also creator um so the i've heard life
being um life and the search um being compared with having cards um so you have you're dealt a certain set of
cards and uh and you have to play that hand the best you can and you don't have a choice of that hand and
there's not really much you can do about that hand um but you need to play that hand the best you can
and we have seen we do understand that uh a lot of people that have bad hands do really good in poker
um so we're sort of learning how to live this life and i've heard it um i've heard it interpreted too as
um you only have one set of hands unless you find that right person and then uh and then once you find
that right person you you gain another hand at least to from some perspective um and you can mix and
match cards and play around with them and sort of combine the cards to give yourself uh um a more
a more complete and appropriate set for development and this is what i strive for and i accept nothing
less and that's why i don't look at at females twice because the females that are around anywhere
are not going to be of this caliber and it is uh something that i will i search for through
means of my intellectual property which is then the website um and i i'm looking for my one through
my ideas because my one through my physical isn't appropriate um for the the one that i desire
that can help me be to become and and and develop into the best person that i can be um and the this
person i want is uh is both of the most physical and and intellectual beauty for they too um their soul
will spring through their physical and uh and i want the whole kit and caboodle and i'll accept nothing
less and i'm happy being alone for the rest of my life if uh if that's what happens but there's two
sets of cards and and um and that's just something to think about but but as it stands we're only given
one and for that to happen for someone to have two sets of cards stands almost impossible um an out
there idea that uh that is only actualized in in a few people's lives to get that one that they can
combine lives with uh uh who share the same passions but also desire to gain passions too
and um and that's where we come to harmonize two two different individuals into one uh okay i got
gone up too much about relationships all right but and this isn't about relationships but uh we can
consider it actors in a play like shakespeare of her shakespeare people call shakespeare just uh soap
um just a drama just another one of those and and you know what it is but the thing is is that
each of these characters are portraying deeper meaning that can help us understand something within
this human situation of course our current soaps are nowhere of the caliber that shakespeare does at all
um but his his plays are like a meaningful soap opera um but of course you don't have shakespeare's
writing these cheap shows uh okay so we got the keyhole perspective which is we got sart again
coming back to sart okay um before i talk about the keyhole i want to talk about sart man this guy
was a ladies man and uh and he didn't he he didn't only get beautiful women but he got beautiful
women that were that had beautiful minds as well and uh i don't know i i think he's interesting i think
he's an interesting guy and uh a lucky guy for getting i think i think he uh should have stuck with
one he should have he should have went the monogamy monogamy way but uh but yeah he's an interesting
guy that uh hannah rent and and i'm sure there's a whole bunch more brilliant women that that he's
had his uh his hands on um okay so back to women it's always that's always bad women um okay so then
what this core if i'm doing my job right hopefully i'm starting to wake you up
and if if you can start stretching now and and look around rub your eyes and look around then you
might be able to see what it is that you're doing and if you can see what it is that you're doing
then you can modify what it is that you do to the best of your ability to optimize the self that you so
desire uh so the keyhole um i forgot i talked about start and women but not the keyhole i got i'm
gonna go back to the keyhole uh we'll talk about waking up in a sec okay but the keyhole is like
we're looking through a keyhole and we're looking at someone else doing something on the other side
and then someone else comes along up the stairs and looks at us looking through the keyhole
so um i then become realized about someone looking at me and i become awkward and think about what it
is that i'm doing um and what how how am i what what am i doing and how am i looking to other people
while i'm doing it so then you get embarrassed um but then you can go someone comes up to look at the
guy that's looking at you at you looking at the guy in the keyhole so we're always being
being looked at and uh and that and that's where where i was talking about waking up um because
the hopefully uh we need to we need to stretch our legs and get out there so that we can develop
uh our human existence together in unison instead of instead of fighting so much because we got that
this is our problem this is our human condition are we going to go beyond it are we
just going to um to continue to wallow in the pains of our past uh follies like that's the that's
the question uh so at the end of the day what you got to do is you got to paint your life
um there's blemishes on this painting and and there's always times that uh
that you just think that those blemishes aren't worth it like we talked about um you know you make
those black marks the reason the black marks on the painting are there is because you spent some
conscious activity to put them there so to get rid of them or to adapt them to become beautiful is not an
easy task but we can we can do that we can accept our follies for what they are and look at them and
then learn how to tweak them to uh to transcend them into virtues instead of follies and uh and that's
how we paint that that's how to paint a life um a work uh to get a result of a work which is gonna
stand the test of time and to tend to stand the test of time um it needs it's going to have to be
of effort it's not going to be an easy thing um we're going to have to think through what it is
we're doing and this is the seeker so the seeker seeks the highest good the seeker has woken up to
a seeking which his seeking before his or her seeking before only sought menial mundanities in
life and now this the the conscious seeker then becomes a seeker of the highest good so in everything
that one does a highest good is is sought and as one looks for the clock that they use to tell the time
they're not only looking at the clock but the idea of the clock and how and the nature of that clock
which is created by human and in a recursive fashion we can start to understand the whole from
each individual thing that we interact with uh so then then we'll we'll stop there with the content of
the lecture um and i'll talk about the relevant readings and uh we got two today we got george
brendes um sorry george brenda and um it's with an s though b-r-e-n-b-r-a-n-d-e-s and um branday
and uh he is he is definitely a seeker and he explains his childhood and youth to us and um it's a piece of
work that i'm i greatly appreciate that he shared um into into my life um that inspires me to continue
on the path that i have chosen and um there's a lot of material out there that does this uh but but
but this is a good one and i hope you enjoy uh we got another treat for you today we have herman
hess and we have siddhartha and um siddhartha is a seeker and uh and he then he he's a bit he's he's
not looking for dogmatics um and he's around the time of buddha um so then he he goes out and seeks
buddha and he finds buddha and then buddha um to go to my buddha then has a conversation with him
and it is this conversation that i really want you to uh to take note of because this is this is the
important conversation and what i'm trying to uh to convey here is is how how to the the the reason i am
including this reading the main reason is because there is two um highly spiritual people
who are conversing and it is a heart feeling experience to reflect on the words of two
wise men that are are convert are talking on a different level than our mundane chit chat that we
normally do and uh and it's really interesting the content too so i i i want you to enjoy this and
i mean this is a treat this is a good spot this is a good part of it um so i think that's all i have
today um i do want to uh say that we have the choice we always have the choice the human
is given one choice in life and life is every single second that exists and these seconds are
the choice to do good or to do wrong and uh what you decide or what you understand to be good and wrong
um might be different than what another side decides is good and wrong but that's part of the glory of
human and we work out errors and uh we yeah we work out errors in that manner um so if you find your
highest good and we share those highest goods then we can make a synthesis and both come to better
understandings of what is good and what is not but at the end of the day we have a road here
and it just started see it's all grass it's just starting and uh we can either choose to walk this ride
or just sit down and watch tv the rest of our lives
which would you prefer



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



Hallelujah. Praise Jesus. God is good. God is good all the time and all the time God is good.
I can feel his spirit in this place of worship. How Jesus has saved us from our sins by gifting
us with a free pass into heaven. He died on the cross so that we don't have to. He speaks,
put your hand down. Put your hand down. No. What do you want? Huh? Why God? Sorry, I don't
understand your question. As it says in the Bible, why the Bible? This is the only truth
in this world that is given to man directly from God. Why? Now you are just being facetious.
Why not you instead of God or the Bible? That's it. Come with me.
You are no longer welcome here as your blasphemy will corrupt the ears of the faithful people
of this church. They have no ears because they are merely sleepwalking? Your kind are not
welcome here. Evil manifest in me? What? I am a God-fearing man and have dedicated my life
to God. Why have I dedicated my life to something I understand nothing of? That's it. Leave this
holy place right now and may God banish the demon in your soul. Fools will be cast out of the gene pool.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



Greetings and welcome to lecture seven. I'm not going to lie, I've been looking forward to this lecture. There's a lot of topics that I wanted to talk about. I'll start off with Al-Qaibaitis and the recommended reading that I pointed out last week if you want to go and do your own research which you can get on the Plato the Symposium. Plato who wrote the Symposium and it was Al-Qaibaitis.
speech at the end of it which we didn't get to yet in a required reading in lecture two. So I recommend you go and get that from either the Gutenberg Project or LibriVox if you want the audio book. You can get the electronic version or the audio version.
And go through the discourse that Al-Qaibaitis speaks of about how he is seeing Socrates as the ideal man that he so understands and desires to be but can't actualize.
And that's how most of us are in the world is we see that image of what we aspire to be but we can never become that image.
And that is what the discourse is leading into is we're all striving to be that form of that idea that we have of the most virtuous, greatest person that we can conceive of.
But to actualize that process is a different matter. And I want us to think about that before we go in to the topic of God.
Okay so now we'll start with Gods and in the beginning of Greek culture it was polytheistic but it was revolved around mythology which these were Gods that had lives similar to humans but with God trait characteristics.
And they all portrayed some type of meaning and they had stories and plays storytelling and plays and other types of things that were revolved around portraying these stories of the Gods.
And these stories then portray some deeper meaning through the use of some human situation or through some situation which human can learn from by a certain virtue or folly that is committed through the actions of the Gods.
And we can see this also in Hinduism with multiple Gods having different functions and roles within their schematics and their roles portraying some deeper meaning of humanity that we can relate to.
And then we get the monotheistic perspective which comes from polytheism with one God.
And then this one God perspective was looked at with okay well God and this was actually told to Abraham is that all these other Gods that are within the spectrum of the polytheistic religions are actually false idols because I'm only one.
And his name and his name and his name and his name was El and that was the ruler of all the Gods so he was cutting himself from the other Gods and then Abraham spread to Moses and then Moses led the Jews and the Jews to the promised land towards the promised land.
But then we get more different perspectives on our ideologies about God.
You see for example the idea behind Bacchae Dionysus was similar to that of Jesus which is he is the son of God.
He died and then rose again to save you from yourself and the way you need to save yourself is through baptizing and believing in him.
And so we're these conceptions weren't necessarily new for Jesus when Jesus came they were as well as like there's Mithros as well which is another God that has a similar story behind that.
But okay we'll investigate the philosophy now so we have the argument of design which we live in a beautiful world and everything seems to be positioned very very articulately
and like it was a design a higher design which served in a particular purpose just like as we were to create the humans go by their nature and create they then look back at that nature's nature and they see that that is also creating.
So that is a type of design implementation that must have a designer.
This is closely connected with the first cause which there must be a first cause because every reaction has an action and nothing can create itself so there must have been something to create all of this that neither needed to be created or destroyed that could create.
So that was the first cause the chicken or the egg sort of perspective and whatever that first cause was is God.
Okay so then we have Pascal's wager which Pascal says well if I believe in God and I'm wrong it doesn't matter if I don't believe in God and I'm right I gain all that much.
But if I don't believe in God and I'm right it doesn't matter but if I'm wrong then I have that much to lose.
Then we have the problem of evil well why is there evil in the world there must be no God.
But then and then they say well the reply to that is well evil necessitates good for without evil there would be no good.
But this also this argument is required for necessitates that God is a benevolent and omniscient God.
So we're assuming a few things with these perspectives and then we see that God doesn't manifest himself in the world as something that we can comprehend as a manifestation of God.
Therefore there is no God and and we'll talk about that a little bit but but there's we see suffering and and we see in
nature uh also suffering so suffering appears everywhere and if all this suffering exists then uh then how how can God exist uh or if if God does exist then maybe he's not worth following if he allows all this suffering to occur uh so and a lot and then there's
the perspective that the perspective that there God exists but there is no hell because a loving God would not condemn anybody uh but uh and this is also leads us to pantheism which we'll talk about um which is God is in everything and that we can align ourselves with that everything to be within God and part of God as well um and that as far as
as our suffering nature uh we have been given uh we have been given equipment to utilize if we so desire um but in in perspective um we're not so we we have the ability to overcome the problems in which we face but it requires us to face those problems
in order order to to go beyond them uh so and this isn't saying God or no God this is just just the fact that uh that there there is something there and we can choose to or not to and this choice is what really matters in in everybody's life and that's uh that's the theme of this uh this one of the one of the themes of the course uh
uh okay so we with pantheism we get led to a hole being observed and this hole is is seen from the individual so we perceive such an individual uh and unique anything because everything is so individual and unique and we can identify it as a hole so if we see a dog that's very specific and
unique and unique and unique and has its own little personality traits that are quite cool it's still a dog so we are getting this uh this contradiction that seems to have relations between them so we are getting the smallest of the small which is is so individual in its in its uh presentation
and functions and functions and functions and we're also getting the largest of the large which is part of everything which which exists as a whole
and there uh the spirit lives somewhere in between that and then that's where we get consciousness
to perceive the some of these different perspectives um from different ways and the senses that we
have been given are born with our senses that can be developed and evolved um and we are not stagnant creatures
okay so i just want to tell you a little bit about my experience and that will help you understand where i'm coming from
for the last year um a good portion most of it was spent in the wilderness and it's just traveling around
from spot to spot in the wilderness uh and learning how to live in the wilderness and be a part of the wilderness
the wilderness and and at first the wilderness didn't really care for me but eventually i shed the smell
of civilization and now now nature loves me and accepts me for everything that i had to offer it and that it
has to offer me uh there i have seen so many different animals and not just seen but hung out with uh i have
hung out with like pythons this big you know long as a uh a train carriage um i have seen um i have hung out
with goannas as big as me but four times as wet the weight at least it looked like it was big and um and
they're little huge lizards um there's a lot of tiny lizards that hang out just all the time
um wallabies numbats wombats kangaroos uh some some koalas lots of different types of birds lots of
different different types of interesting insects and i just make welcome everything that comes along
and what generally happens is an interesting animal will come up to me and what we'll do is we'll spend
um a while just watching each other and we just observe and how we act and our detail in uh so i'm looking at
the detail in in the uh in whatever the the patterns that it has and and all i'm learning from its
representation i'm learning from the individual so that i can learn the whole and it works it works um
it works well and then i learn how to act in accordance to the creature's nature while also
respecting its individuality and i always know then how to act with different or i have an intuition on
how i build an intuition on how to react to certain um animals that come across me if i don't want to
scare them off and uh and i've come across many poisonous snakes as well and it's all about the
energy that you give off and i want to live in harmony with everything so they feel your your your
intention and what usually happens with poisonous snakes is i just bow to them and then just slowly move
away and then they do the same thing they follow suit and i've never had a problem never been attacked
and and spiders aren't too bad either like there's you can learn to live with a lot of your nature
there's the leeches are annoying mosquitoes sometimes can get bad
and uh and ticks are aren't very good either but as far as everything else most of it wants to live
happily with you if you only give it the chance and uh and our civilization messes that up a lot
um but throughout all of viewing all these beautiful animals and not just animal scenery because
i'm constantly moving around from place to place and the places i go to are beautiful absolutely beautiful
um so i'm seeing individuality as far as the trees that i live within and then i see
the hole and beauty as a far perspective of the of the view
um and and i noticed that the view is always prettier than when you get there so when you always
you're you're constantly going somewhere that's better and more beautiful but when you get there you get
let down because it's not as good as it looked from far away so then you got to be okay with that you
got to be happy and content with every step that you take and uh and not make it try to make it anything
more than it is okay so through all of this and not just this through my life and study because i've
studied and i study here in the bush i mean that's all i do um and my practicing of martial arts and
meditation and everything in life problems that i have had um that have haunted my mind for a long time
um i've been suicidal a lot um or i haven't been suicidal i've had ideations of suicide for most of
my life um never actualized anything but the topic of suicide i find a valid topic and it's something
that we should talk about and bring about so we can learn how to treat the problem instead of just
uh trying to suppress the conditions that that have been activated from the problem
um so there's a lot of work i think we need to do on suicide because suicide is a big topic and the
companies that people contact to get help aren't actually helping they're um they're just putting a
band-aid on an infection and that needs to be solved and i work to solve that because i have had
experience because most of the people that you deal with within um within the suicide uh help
resources um have not been there themselves so we need some type of compassion from the people that
are actually going through it um to to fix that problem or help treat that problem so that one day it
might might might fade away from our human existence okay so through all this though i've noticed patterns
or i've always noticed patterns but i couldn't pinpoint the patterns i was always confused about
about how it all linked but i knew it linked and i saw some type of like i felt everything linking but i
couldn't i couldn't articulate that abstract so i studied and studied studies studies and i learned more and
more and more and more and over the last six months i've been connecting all the dots and all the patterns
that were that went through philosophy um and how they how they all connected into a single whole
so i started off with the individual details within philosophy and i worked myself up to understand the whole
or at least understand the whole on a better level that i previously did and i believe that it's all
clicked for me to understand the whole and now i'm filling in all the gaps of the whole but in saying that
i know that i know nothing and tomorrow i could learn something different that changes everything uh but we
got to take man for its its glories and its follies um so that's that uh and through this whole process of
living in this spirit of this living spirit that's constantly changing and and as time and continuity go
by um and and learning from this spirit as and wisdom that comes from that that's within everything
not just the nature but the text that i'm reading um within certain people that managed to
to to do a lot of good as far as um ideals in our our human existence and um and through this process
we come to uh we come to know god more we god becomes more known to us and the whole starts to show itself
but in saying that the whole is um an infinite spectrum so it's incomprehensible to the human mind
um the the this conception of god being infinite uh however uh in order to
to see to believe the whole fact that is incomprehensible fills a gap by living
and breathing and breathing within that spirit of of god because you become an active member of the
whole existence and have have accepted that you are only part of but that part of can become as as grand
as he or she makes it makes of what they're given okay so the created and the creator are two different
sides of the spectrum and we have the created which we observe so nature or a watch um and we then learn
from that the whole so if i look at a watch we can learn about the watchmaker and if i look at
a tree i can learn about the tree maker and if i learn about a rabbit i can learn about the rabbit maker
and uh and that's what we're doing and all these makers are a part of the one living spirit which is
is is in everything which is part of that one uh and then we have the love of wisdom which is philosophy
so philo is love and then sophia is wisdom so we have the love of wisdom and the love of wisdom is is
health and wisdom is perfect health and the love of wisdom is somewhere in between um health and sickness
but but but if it's directed and honed in on it will be closer to to health than sickness
okay so then we are so if we embrace the nature of things so if we learn to look behind the the rabbit
and behind the the tree of of existence um and us then we can get we can start to build a conception
of what is involved when we're speaking of god and uh and it's these things that uh that allow us to
live in harmony with our surroundings for when we are in harmony with all that is within our ecosystem
then we are being a proficient member of that ecosystem and we are encouraging that econ that
ecosystem to flourish and become everything that it is but when we start to do when we start to extract
and exploit natural resources within that ecosystem and and cause suffering within nature then what we are
doing is not of a kind and compassionate manner and we will be either eradicated from it or learn how to
overcome because of it um because the all good things will come to pass uh as evolution will either will either
stomp us out or we will flourish and and continue to develop uh so we get in this living spirit thing and uh
uh and then it becomes about a one belief and this is what i was saying before and i would tell you before
is that i have one belief that is a of a solid stance and that is god i i attempt my best to uh
i do my best to not have any other beliefs and i've spent a long time to eradicate as as many beliefs as i
could because i didn't like beliefs because they were um confining and uh i was finding i found it
difficult to to function um in a confining environment um which is why i've tried to break out of it my entire
life and this is why i'm not why you don't see me in an office um and instead in the bush and i haven't paid
rent or any money to live for the past year to just exist to merely exist i don't believe that we should
have to exchange money to be an existing creature if we are paying for commodities or something like
that i think it is a little bit different unless it is bare necessities but that is politics and maybe
i'll discuss a little bit about that and why act morally um so the one belief becomes a one god
perspective which involves getting your spirit you know aligned with the nature of things so that you
can become part of the individual and express the individual as to the best you can as well as be
the exemplar of nature and um and once we get that one alignment then all the other good things
that come from it will fruit and we will reap the consequences um good and bad of of our choices of
spirit alignment and um so this one one leap of faith as kirkegaard says is the paradox in which
uh which uh which i stand on the god issue um and anything beyond that is up for debate and the way that
i look at it is that anything that i believe um it must any any other alternatives must be
of better of more worthy um pursuits um so if i believe in god and i can find and if i see another
pursuit that is more worthy than god then i can then not believe in god and believe of the this this
other pursuit which is other pursuit which is more worthy than god and there is no other worthy than god
god is the most most worthy understanding um of all time so then worship that that understanding so
the belief of the greatest of everything is the belief that i hold and then i want to learn
what everybody else has to say about it so i can it can help me to make my decisions better and uh and give me
basic indicators as to utilize when a situation in my life comes up where i might need to have that
understanding to make a better decision a more ethical and moral decision that is more concerned that's
concerned around the important topics that are involved in the situation okay so then we come to the soul
and our life is spent to purify this soul um any blackness in it is to uh is to be eradicated but the
thing is that this has to we we make this soul so through actions we create that blackness so then it takes
actions to then then paint it back the way it was and uh and that's not very enticing for us since we were the
one to make ones to make the actions black to begin with um so the this choice issue is a big is a big
topic within the soul and once our soul gets as purified as we can have it we have been the best creature
that we we could have been um and i've heard this uh i've thought of this too as being being
considered with uh once we die we are given a new body um to that the spirit could go into and and
be perfect so our entire lives are spent to to become to purify our soul so that when our soul goes into
our perfect body then we can be a perfect creature and uh this goes into the immortal soul and we're
going to talk about um which we covered a little bit about suffering but the immortal soul is is a soul
immortal um and my answer for this is that we should not concern ourselves with such things um we we can
have a discussion about it but as far as anything goes the matter of fact is that that is irrelevant
whether our soul soul is an immortal soul we are given these conscious seconds to make use of and the
anything else would be trying to clean remember buddhism um would be trying to cling to something
that that that we don't uh necessarily need and um and our suffering is is caused by this want of more
more life more life more life but when we understand that uh it's not more life that we need but we need
to utilize what life we are given then the situation gets flipped and we uh we get put into
a different scenario that we can make our decisions differently so the the whole striving for this
more life is a folly um however in saying that i don't say that we do not have an immortal soul i think
it is likely and probable um and if i get passed into any other state of existence after my death that is
better than this one then i would be sincerely grateful and happy to that but i do not desire that as
something to to cling to it is just something that could happen or maybe it doesn't so we can avoid
our suffering that comes along with wanting more life uh we also need to talk about organized religion
and um this is difficult because the uh because it we were talking about um control and power and also doctrine
and indoctrination from dogmas that had been created by by fallible humans who were in the car
so to speak um to to drive to get power um so we're we have corruption that has been placed within
organized religion and um and we have it's a collective it's meant for the collective people
and we lose sight of what the individual is in the process of church um the best way that
uh i would look at it um is that if you go somewhere and they don't practice what they preach
then it's not somewhere that is a place of god um for we need to practice what we preach and if we don't
practice what we preach then the doctrines that we preach um have holes in them and we don't want to
follow holy holy scriptures holy holy scriptures oh that's a good one okay um so in saying this uh
organized religion is to be be um be careful you have to be careful um there i've met some beautiful
people before um from organized religion and i've met a lot of really cruel and um and obnoxious people
within it and there's a lot of people there's a whole game going on within that church and within
every church i've been in and you got to learn that game if you want you got to play by their rules if
you want to stay in it i've been kicked out of a lot of churches um so we but but the the church should
be one worrying about worshiping god and that's that should be their focus worshiping god and loving
humanity and uh and that's not necessarily what they do i've never been helped out by church yet i've
been to a lot of churches and i am a warrior of god i spend every second following god and i've only
been persecuted um with within them and but but there are some gems every once in a while so i'm not
condemning all the people when you get those religions that don't fully devote themselves to that religion
um just holding the their belief in it without understanding of it um then you get hypocrites
and uh and then they then corrupt what's going on even more and they don't even understand most of
them don't even understand what it is that they preach yet they somehow believe on it and if you
don't if you question what what it is that they believe they get defensive and angry and that's just
our whole humanity coming back on us from our pride and arrogance and um and then we act in manners of
hubris which is outrageous arrogance um so we need to we need to learn how to work that out of us
because that is definitely not a virtue and if you're worshiping in the name of god
um then why are you practicing follies that are obviously unhealthy characteristics within the human
psychology um so that's that's my that's my take on it uh but but i i every time i see a church or
something i'll i'll do a little bow and uh and i respect that they're they're worshiping god for
worshiping god is the greatest good that i can find um because god is the greatest good and everything
that comes of god is is part of everything that i interact with uh okay so then we look we will look
at sustainability and we can see that that people that are hypocrites um their actions or their character
doesn't hold strong um they will fall it's just remember how i said time will tell time will tell all
things and time will tell the if they what they believe is a sustainable approach to belief and it will rip
apart um what it is that they believe and if so if they don't have the proper proper structure
uh then their their ideals will will be will eventually deteriorate and and fade into the
nothingness of of everything whereas if they're on the right track or the right path headed towards
the right direction then these ideals will stand strong um for a much longer time and sometimes these
big ideas take a while to get out there but once they're out there then there's no going back
that's you can take you can take our weapons you can take our freedom but you can't take our voice
so you need to learn how to look at these red flags that pop off everywhere if something doesn't
connect if it doesn't make sense if there's a problem in relation
and then you need to say well what is the truth um so then we find a lot of people um
discredit the muslim the muslim faith um islam and uh and they somehow some reason compare it to
to the uh terrorists and the terrorists are muslim but that doesn't mean that they represent the muslim
faith at all and uh they have actually taken the muslim faith to its extreme and taken it out of
context like so many people have done like the roman catholic church and like paul and um saint paul and
we learned that uh that this that's not the case the muslim faith is not are not terrorists and they
actually have noble ideals if we just stop and listen what they're talking about um so we need to
be careful about uh and and analyze what information is fed to us okay so i for the atheist um i wanted to
just tell you that that we're both on a planet that is a rock that has somehow formed life and we're just
just flying through the nothingness of of space and we will eventually be sucked back into the sun in
which we came which will also be sucked back in to the sun in which it came and and be worn back into
its minute dense um particle that it managed to compress the all of everything into and when it pops and and when
it pops out again when it explodes again that's when the big bang happens so what we're getting a repetition
here but uh we're seeing recursive um the infinite of god again uh but but we're still on this uh that way
that's that's the way we're on this planet look look at what you see look at what you see um where did we
come from and where are we where are we going to return and if we look at that in a physical manner um
it was from an explosion that's been dispersed that bits and pieces of particles that were once um dense
uh masses exploded and uh that that there is the god for you to to follow and it's not that god but
the the living force within the actual happenings of that explosion and the results of the seven days
that it took okay so then um in seven days i'm i'm obviously being all right you got it um
okay so then i wanted to close with a quote from bakai uh which is about it's one of the gods dionysus
that we were talking about before um and he is a bit of a god of of misperception um but
but i'll i'll say the quote um okay so he goes let no mortal think that he is so wise that he can
discern what god is for the divine comes in many forms and wise is the man who allows his eyes to see
the truth so what this god is and what we perceive it to be aren't necessarily the same thing
um so what my perception my pantheist perception on this perspective of god has come through the
experience of the two sides of the coin and if i was uh but but however i would be
unwise to say that is the nature of god that i know that is the nature of god um for i know nothing
because i am a simple percept uh subjective being being that is stuck in a subjective interpretation
of that world so what i discern god to be might might be god but there's also other things that i'm not
considering and if we think of hume with the uh the repetitions um the impressions that he calls them
um the one two three the the scientific induction that we were talking about um we we see that uh
that there we can never know what causes anything because there's too many um variables to
to to understand and most of those variables we probably are unaware of and have no way of being
able to find or make known so we're we're still standing here on the earth um wondering why gravity functions
as it does because even though we understand conceptions of gravity we could never truly understand what gravity is
okay so we'll get on to our recommend recommended readings uh not recommended uh these are relevant readings
that you got to do them you got to do them not recommended um i recommend is that plato one and you should really learn how to be an independent studier
and go research it and check out alcabiades um but we're going to we're going to read some block about toleration
um about christian toleration uh toleration within religion um and we're also going to read some nietzsche
about god is dead um we're going to read a bit of zarathustra and what we're going to do is uh we're going to read
a section about uh one of the beginning sections that uh that's talking about how we're tight roping how
we're like just uh we're just on a tight rope walking through life hoping we don't fall um and then and then
we fall uh and that it's a really interesting read so i hope i hope you enjoy that um
um i don't i don't think i have anything more to add uh but god has been uh wonderful to me as of late
i'm not gonna lie god pushed me through a whole lot and uh and i had to be a good and faithful servant to
him uh i i was called about two years ago and that was after my ex left me and uh and i am i was gonna
kill myself and uh and i didn't because god studied my hand and um and ever since then god said that i
uh you gave your life to me it was all it was all mine um and i'm just giving it back to him i guess
because it was his to begin with uh but yeah he studied my hand and said uh you got a life and
you're an intelligent person you're a bit confused about some things let me help you clear those up and
the way we're gonna do that is through suffering so my ex-wife left me i was sick and i had to get
better i was real sick um i eventually went to america and my family didn't didn't accept me the way
that i wanted to be accepted and then some crap happened i went to melbourne but unfortunately before
i went to melbourne some crap happened and uh ended up homeless on the streets of melbourne so i was in
melbourne homeless as a faithful warrior of god studying as well and uh did a lot of walking did
a lot of walking and eventually walked to bacchus marsh and you see i don't didn't have money for public
transport so i just walked everywhere and um and then ended up in ballarat and lived in the bush in
ballarat um started under a tree cold and was was freezing it rained and held and even snowed there
i got a story about that one but but maybe tell that some other time or probably not maybe you want
to be a friend be a friend of mine um yeah so um so there's a lot that i've been oh and then i went and
stayed with some friends in perth um to and i studied there and it helped it gave me time to to get through
some of these biblical issues that i was having and um and then i went to uh to nimbin i'm in nimbin now
but i'll be leaving nimbin shortly um but and i wasn't so sure of of you know my life uh how it was
going to go you know just finished my philosophy major and uh and didn't know what was next
and i've been doing my website for a long time but it still hasn't
gotten where i want it to be and uh and then everything started to come together nimbin's been
wonderful for me to get my mind sorted out um it's a beautiful place um with a few a few beautiful
people and um and it's it's just allowed me to study a great deal and connect all the dots
um of what i've been studying and i see i had experience with uh with the see the seeker experiences
uh as a seeker you uh you're always looking for the unusual you're always looking for signs as to
um to direct you to where you believe where you should go next i guess and uh and i've had a few
places i've been to some pretty awesome places um been led to some pretty awesome places that have
helped me understand copulous amounts um and link them together uh over a very quick period of time
and i've been able to just learn how to unify how to study and my mind is working by itself now
um so i can focus on aligning my spirit and uh i just have to make sure that my mind continues to improve
um but now since i've been spending it developing i've because i've pushed myself so hard all my life
i've been pushing so hard and uh and it's because i wanted the result you know we talk think about
alka by 80s i wanted the result of that that which i could not reach um so i pushed and pushed and pushed
and slowly over time that that pushing became actualized and uh and from that actualization
i was able to achieve those results which i held as most divine and very interestingly um the what i
what i found is most divine constantly changed and i was constantly throwing away one opinion for another
and then eventually i learned how to bring all the opinions back up again um but each step of this
was in god and i i pray all the time i this whole the the idea for this whole um course came from prayer
and the structure of what of this course um was just talking to god and and um and i you know this
was going to be a book this all was going to be a book but then i thought about how um how my
path in my past how books haven't been very receptive and of course i would like to make a little bit of
money so i can feed myself without worrying about the government um but at the same time my life isn't
worried isn't isn't about money and uh that's something i had to learn um i had to get out of the
mentality that would philosophy would get me money in the end um just to be able to live philosophy is not
about that philosophy is learning how to live and uh and with philosophy you can then learn how to make
money um based off how you live so you're you're you're treating the root causes of all life by studying
them and that's why philosophy is really important to mankind and uh and our reasons should should uh you
should be in unison we should be singing and uh and i want to listen for your voice this is my voice i
want to listen for your voice uh in saying all this i'm not i'm not saying that you're a bad person if
you're an atheist or or of any other um persuasion i've met some great atheists um i've also met a lot of
bitter atheist uh who who probably a bit rightfully bitter because the way organized religion has
conditioned and and hurt many people along the way it's kind of sad um but in saying all of this uh
look what we have right now um look what you look what course you're taking and uh what information
you're being provided and hopefully uh this information will allow you to make make better
choices in your life and from those choices then we can unite our our better choices and develop the world
in the most efficient loving compassionate and flourishing manner possible and i can only
do that with you so i i call you i call your ear and i appeal to your heart that we we need to work
together in this world if we're to get anywhere and whether you're atheist or agnostic or religious
in some way or spiritual um we need to hold hands and uh and and really start talking about what we're
going to do to to make things better for us not only in the future but right now and the only way that's
going to happen is if you start to do something so that's what this this course is about and it's
hopefully persuading you and giving you reasons to um or at least giving you reasons why you need to
start utilizing your conscious seconds uh because if they don't if this doesn't give you any reasons
to do it then nothing's going to happen um and i want you to listen to your heart with it uh i hope
that you guys have enjoyed this lecture on god i know this is gonna be it this could be a really
controversial topic and uh and i'm a pretty controversial type of guy and uh and and i want
to say that we didn't cover i mean we're still this is not this this is the surface of the depth that
the topic of god um contains so i'm not telling you everything there is out there there's a lot
and we can learn from it all and all this learning are things that we can attach to our consciousness
into our memory and organize that so we can then become the wisest person that we so desire for we
do not want to be like al-qaba 80s and uh and be unable to actualize the the person who we see as a model
which which which is unattainable to us how are we going to make that obtainable well i'm giving you
some tools to be able to do that right now god bless guys



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



I am so hungry I lost my job and my house and am now homeless seen by all as
the dying worm on the side of the road being eaten by ants. I used to be one of
those ants but now I'm on the other side I sit with my back hunched watching the
masses spend their money on material goods that add no meaningful benefit into
their lives. My belly is as empty as their souls while they feel euphoric spending
their money on useless items I feel dysphoric contemplating the amount of
food their wasted money could have brought into my belly. Why do we not care
about our fellow human? A charity requires a board of directors. Whatever happened to
individual people performing acts of compassion? To leave these matters in the
hands of the collective is to relinquish responsibility to an unthinking system.
I have never seen the face of these systems.
Food. Food. Anybody? Food. Just a little, just a little thing.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



Greetings, and welcome to lecture 8 of the meaning of life.
Why act morally? Why would one choose to act morally?
And we come up to this question when we think about experience.
And that is the only existence that we know is of experience, of our consciousness, and the attachments that our consciousness has within it.
And if all we have is our experience, then why should we focus on anything that is outside of that experience?
For we don't know the existence of that outside.
We might know of and come to continually know more of that outside, but we are still stuck within our own experience.
And if we are stuck within our own experience, why should we act morally to our fellow man when we don't even know that they perceive the world in the same way that we do?
And we can see that they don't because green to me and green to another person might be two different truths.
So we come up to this difficult problem of trying to get morality out of the equation.
And that is what this lecture is going to be talking about, where morality fits in the equation.
So we are just going to go through some different theories and then I am going to talk about some of the things we need to consider.
So what is moral action?
We need to think about that. What can we consider moral action and how did moral action come about?
Why is there a need for moral action?
Immanuel Kant says that there is an external cause.
So we do things and we all do things for a reason.
There is some type of motivation that is causing us to do things.
And when we do these things, it is as a reaction from our external world.
So we are constantly reacting from the outside thing and then processing that into the inside thing, which is our minds.
And this leads us into Kant's categorical imperative, which is if you can't make a universal rule out of your proposition, then the proposition doesn't stand true.
So if we question lying and say is lying a moral action, then we need to find out whether it could stand universally true for everybody to be able to lie, to be given permission to lie.
And if everybody started lying, then we would lose all of our meaning and communication and our trust in our human fellows.
And this would cause disastrous results.
So because there is an outside external thing that is causing our causes that we cause, we must consider what responsibilities and duties that we have towards that.
We get Aristotle, and if you remember in one of the previous lectures, we spoke of the guitar and who should get the world's best guitar, who should get the world's best flute, as Aristotle puts it, our liar.
And we look at it and we go, well, something of this quality should be going to the person who is going to be able to utilize that in the appropriate manner to reach its full potential.
And I'm not going to talk too much about Aristotle because we're going to be reading about Aristotle because we're going to be reading about him for this set of readings.
And I'll talk about him at the end of the lecture.
But we get Marx and he says, OK, well, it's immoral for our current government to treat people the way it does.
And the reason that is because the government is exploiting the the efforts, the toils of sorry, the employment is exploiting the toils of man and giving it to another.
So what man creates and makes is no longer theirs is handed to another.
And we've got to be careful about about that within and we need to see it from how we work.
You know, we work for another who who who then exploits us in order to get the most profitable return.
And you end up getting a small chunk of that that return.
And and in exchange, you are only getting a small portion of your toils of the results of your toils.
So you're working for another. It's like slavery or prostitution.
So we also get John Stuart Mill and Bentham and and they persuade towards the utilitarian doctrine.
And the utilitarian doctrine says that, OK, we're looking at the greatest good for the greatest number of people.
And and and it looks at what what is the greatest good.
So and what is the greatest good? It's happiness.
So happiness is is what we should strive for.
So we need the maximum amount of happiness with the least amount of suffering.
So then we can make decisions based on a type of calculation depending on the amount of suffering versus the amount of happiness it produces.
So if we're to look for a cure for cancer, then we look at then we look then we might test on rats or something like that.
And so how many rats are we killing and what's the potential value in what it is that we're doing?
So we we need to make calculations to see whether our investments are worth it or not.
Rawls does the interesting thought experiment called the original position.
And he's so the way this works is that everybody steps out of themselves.
And the way that happens.
So if you can imagine a whole group of intelligent people coming together from diverse backgrounds and then making a system that is going to revolutionize the way we live.
And the way this happens is that each person in the system doesn't know where in the system they're going to be distributed after they walk away.
And so what happens, let's just say the world, the world restarts once they make their rules.
And and then then we have to and then and then the results of that system are then manifest without a partial position from any of the individuals who created it.
Because the people who created it had no bias in their opinions because they were not going to reap the consequences of those opinions.
So they so to attempt to refine our government to be equal for every individual because you don't know what you're going to become.
So let's say everybody in there in the world, their minds get gets wiped.
And then we need to look about equal equal opportunity and and potential for each of these individuals.
And this theory was developed further to the impartial position, which doesn't limit its scope to humanity, but then goes on to nature and and our environment and are the animals that are within that environment that have a sentience or an interest about them.
So we need to also we don't know if we're going to come back as a dog.
So we should treat dogs right or if we don't we don't know if we're going to come back as as a cow.
So we should treat cows right.
So these are things that we should be considering.
In the end, the inadequacies of our sense perception causes us suffering.
So our sense perception receives data and when we're not satisfied with the data that it receives, then we begin to suffer.
And that comes from our clinging.
Remember, Buddhism are clinging on to wanting something that is not and and it's this this desire that causes us pain and suffering in the long run.
And when we learn to align ourselves with the the healthy desire of not of just being how happy with whatever comes your way will rectify that issue.
Okay, so we're going to get into a little bit of a sad part of this lecture and I want to talk about a lot of different things.
So I want us to be respectful and reflectful when we talk about these subjects.
To begin with, we have Prometheus Bound, who I'm going to talk about, and he's a god in ancient Greek that in ancient Greece that helped humanity.
What happened was Zeus wanted to destroy humanity.
So Prometheus did not want this to happen.
So he then went and helped and taught the humans and he taught them how to read and write and different methods that they could utilize to
protect themselves against Zeus so that Zeus would not be able to destroy him.
In the end, Prometheus got in a lot of trouble and ended up getting hung out on a rock in the middle of nowhere and nailed to it to suffer for all of eternity for his actions.
That was the consequence that Zeus put upon him.
And all he needed to do was either talk to Zeus and apologize for what it is that he did or later on we find that he would tell Zeus some insight that he had.
But maybe you should go and read it.
It's a very interesting story.
So then he refuses to do this and he hangs up and suffers for all of eternity with his pride that he has done a good thing and he doesn't turn against that good that he sees as his highest good.
So he's suffering for the sake of what he sees as divine and pure.
So we then come to Sisyphus which is another mythology and Sisyphus is condemned to pushing a rock up a mountain, a huge rock up a mountain his whole life.
And it's not just his whole life it's all of eternity because once he gets up that mountain then it falls down the other side and then he must push up the rock up another mountain.
So the boulder of humanity is heavy just as the cross and if we think about the cross in these things I'm talking about too you'll begin to come to a better understanding of its representation and meaning behind the symbol.
So now we're going to talk about a bit more realistic stuff and let's honor these people as we talk about them.
So we have Socrates who died for his greatest good and he was a martyr for what he believed to be right.
And he wasn't he was a really good man and our insanity was what struck him down.
We also have Jesus who went through a similar situation and he strived for his highest good and then got struck down for that too.
And these are no more than good men, good passive individuals who are trying to help humanity in the best way they know possible getting murdered for what it is that they think as the direction humanity should take.
So it's not like these individuals were aggressive towards the physical manner.
They were very well controlled and developed individuals.
And we also see this in Gandhi.
Gandhi so Gandhi then gives us another light and he also did the same thing did a lot of good in humanity with India and then he gets he gets murdered.
So our insanity of our human race is something that needs to be dealt with otherwise we're going to continue to perform these atrocities and we must realize what it is that we're doing in the process.
So if we do come across or wake up and see ourselves in the situation then we can exit them in the most efficient manner possible.
If we notice this is what happened in Nazi Germany and while the Jewish people were being oppressed and and taken off to concentration camps and and murdered on the streets in front of the fellow Jews eyes the civilians.
They they they they did nothing in and and and and that cause that that those happenings to continue and and develop as well.
And there's a lot a lot of evil that's a that's happened in our history that we can get beyond.
Okay so at the end of the day we have a responsibility why do we have this responsibility because there's something there and we know that with every action is a reaction and then with every with every giving there is also a taking and another giving.
So we're always giving so we're always giving what it is that we can what we have to give in exchange for part of the system and always sharing our gifts with with each other and and our environment within that.
So there is something there that must be accepted or rejected and that's our responsibility and the way we we do this the way we investigate this is through self analysis.
And once we learn to step back and look at our psychology then we are able to analyze how our psychology works and function so that we can find the root cause of our problems and rectify those issues through through through through progressive manipulation.
And this isn't just on an individual level because well it starts off on an individual level and it goes to the whole.
And so we have the individual to the whole and the follies of our society and the evil and malice that has come about from it has started from the whole to the individual.
So we claim God without actually taking the path to God or we or we have a collective government that disregards its people and and these are the ways that our oppression begins.
We have the creator and the created and we must look at the individual thing the individual entity first before we can learn how we're going to tackle that whole.
And through all this through this process of becoming we then have birthing pains and this birthing pains comes from the suffering that is going to be incurred from making such adjustments to one's psychology.
And the desires that were in tune will have to be worked out of the system before the new spectrum can be opened.
So we can see this with with tobacco and nicotine once nicotine is out of your system and then you and and you haven't had it for a while then you don't desire to smoke.
But if you're smoking then you desire to smoke more because the nicotine receptors desire more and more nicotine.
So we're seeing how how this work we're going to be alienated from our choices and because people don't people nowadays don't don't take up a life of moral virtue.
Um it's it's it's a thing that is has passed our eyes um but in saying that it's the individual that is going to um to open these eyes these shut eyes.
Uh so the individuals within that system will overthrow that system or be be stomped out of that system by the system.
And the systems you got to be really careful with systems um because they have just been running they tend to run by themselves and we don't look at individual situations to uh to rectify problems within the situations um so we need to think about that.
Uh and what this is doing in turn is claiming the inheritance to our psychology uh and accepting it so remember prometheus bound uh he he accepted his fate as as his his highest good and all the ramifications that came with that fate.
Uh so the inheritance is our godlike um potential and it should be that that should be focused on uh so what we're doing is looking at the nature of ourselves um through the individual traits that we portray in ourselves.
Uh and this then brings us to the kingdom and Jesus said the kingdom of God is among you and this is also interpreted as the kingdom of God is within.
And when we turn our eyes from the inside and when we turn our eyes from the outside and go into the inside then we are able to live from the inside out um existing among uh amongst both uh both fields um or psychologies or even understandings because that's really all they are is understandings of a body and a mind and all the ramifications that come with that.
Uh so we act then uh as a star and um and a bright star with i mean how bright it can be is uh is up to you and and thus we align ourselves in harmony with uh with our ourselves and our own existence and our existence and our place within that existence.
Uh so in doing this we're a lighthouse towards uh we're a lighthouse of the world in which other human beings can follow if they so choose.
So our life as an exemplar of our human beings is to guide and direct uh the uh collective human action and the way to do this is through the individual because it's these many individuals that make up the collective and when these individuals speak out um and uh but then then everything changes.
But these individuals in order for the individuals in order for the individuals to speak out um they must go over they must have a process of of going from their old life to their new life uh to become in sync with with themselves and thus the rest of their existence.
Okay so what we're really doing is uh reorientating the sickness of humanity into the health of the divine and uh and that's our attempt is to take our sickness and tweak it and um and position it for divine.
Divine um divine um divine path um divine walking and be like as buddha said be thoughtful and walk so we we walk we should walk thoughtfully um knowing our every single step and our moves that that are in between.
So knowing our body within the comportment of our steps and uh the sickness is something to eradicate or destroy and uh and in the end what's going to happen is we are either going to evolve or die.
And I'm doing everything that I can to progress towards evolving and if you do the same then we can align our voices uh and become louder in in a world that has uh has been issued rose tinted glasses.
Um so that's that's that's what when we can do it together we can um and it's one person that makes a difference.
Um most people get overburdened and say oh well no one person can make a difference yes they can um it's not just your vote that matters what what your what matters is your voice.
And how you express your voice is up to the painter.
Okay so we need to speak about our future then um we look at our environment our beautiful environment and we have a beautiful um lake there uh not lake river.
And uh and uh and uh and how are we going to keep this this up how are we going to make all this sustainable.
And um the way we need to do that is look at our psychology and figure out uh the root causes of why we don't do those things.
And then tweak that psychology to align itself with with harmonizing within nature and this isn't to say to rid oneself of technology but instead to uh create technology in a uh a utopian manner uh which will be sustainable um
um um to all all of creation um and not and not harm it uh so we then go on to our government and our government is just a big system and and we need to be really careful about government uh because they can take um
um they they set us on a path that we think is the only path uh because government said and this isn't the case that that government is composed of individuals maybe non-thinking individuals but individuals who are running a system uh
uh that uh that um that is made to help uh the the ideal person that they have created and if you don't fall to uh within those ideal person guidelines then their system will not help you or will not help you how it should uh so government is something important that we need
to think about and we have a responsibility to think about and we have a responsibility to make it uh and and we will live with what we make so we should make the best
thing possible and uh the best model possible and this happens from the individuals speaking out and then us harmonizing our voices to set a clear direction for the future
um then we look at needs and we're talking about human uh human existence you know so um humanity uh we're looking at our species we have looked at other species but in the end we are responsible to our own species um uh definitively definitively so we need to uh step back out and say how are we going to
help humankind and in these answers we'll uh will bring about our contribution to the world um but we need to step back and look at our needs so what are our needs um it's obvious that that everybody needs food uh people need different degrees of food but but everybody needs food and when we when we can make uh food cheap cheap and um
sustainable uh sustainable uh bulk food that is available to every human being on this planet when they're hungry uh then we can eradicate uh a large chunk of this suffering and when i say available i don't mean through employment so the one that has is hard on his luck or um homeless or
or without uh or without uh monetary uh abilities capable of exchange um then we we still need to be able to provide for these people and we don't want uh to make these people feel bad about themselves as well because these people could be helping the world more than than all the other people
so we need to learn how to respect each individual within the whole of humanity um through your individual self
and uh we also need to look at property property is a big a big problem and uh once we can create a system
that can afford anybody property who desires it um depending on of course locations with different prices but
anybody who desires the property to be able to obtain it um then we can live in a more secure
and peaceful world because the current way it's working is everybody is renting most people seem not to be able to afford
uh the housing industry uh nowadays and um and that's because they're ridiculous prices i mean in australia
uh most places that are cheap and crap are like half a million and uh and it goes up from there
so we need to look at why it is that the property is so expensive and see what we can do to alter that
in a way that everybody can afford property and um and i don't think that everybody should have to be able
afford a house and to be on the grid or anything like that but the but the idea of just existing
um somewhere in a location gives each individual security and it doesn't really matter so much the
accessibility that this location has because the individual will work with what they're given
but a place for someone to hang their hat up is uh is something that is really needed to uh to be encouraged and
available throughout all of human existence and we have a lot of land and we only need to learn how to
distribute that land okay um so that's that lecture i hope you enjoyed and uh we have two readings
this uh lecture and that is from aristotle um talked a little bit about him at the beginning of the
lecture and uh and what i'm not going to talk too much about what he's talking about but what i want you
to look at is the way that he analyzes he analyzes the human psyche um and and places them in moral
uh relevance so the way he he utilizes what methods he has available and that's uh with aristotle which
is a really good reading and i hope you enjoy it okay now uh we have mill john stuart mill and this is
on utilitarianism it's so loud crows okay so it's on utilitarianism and uh that's what we were talking
about before with the the greatest happiness with the least suffering and i hope you enjoy that one too
if you notice a lot of the stuff that you're getting is contradictory information
and it is your job to then process that information in your head and then make a synthesis of that
information to arrive at your own conclusions um which are inclined towards certain directions of
of these difficult topics uh so stay safe and i'll see you next question



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



I, Robin Hood, have learned the evils of society's addiction to unhealthy vices.
I now steal from the rich and distribute to the poor,
for the ruler's unjust exploitation is the true sin and not my theft.
Their commercial control brainwashes the masses,
and the dirtiness of their soul smudges itself on the hearts of their people.
How are we to strive for a utopian society when we ourselves do not possess the required virtues for such a society?
Have you seen my merry men? Are you one of them?



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



Greetings, and welcome to Lecture 9 on the meaning of life.
This lecture is, What Life Should I Live?
And we've come such a far way and we've covered a lot of material.
So we're towards the end of our road.
We just have some things we want to talk about first.
And these are quite important issues.
Last lecture, we spoke of why I act morally.
And we went into systems and the way that our current society employs these systems.
Within health, we need to be careful about what we're dealing with because the health system, Western health system, looks at one aspect and ignores the rest.
And this isn't necessarily a healthy thing.
As we talked about before, we can't say that there are no black swans because a black swan might exist.
So the closed-sidedness of science and the ramifications of science on our health care system and our health leads us to compartmentalize what we don't understand into something that we can claim to understand and it might be right or wrong.
And we see this a lot in our mental health system.
And we see this a lot in our mental health system and the mental health system of Western culture is terrible.
They label conscious activity as faulty instead of looking back on what caused that faulty conscious activity.
And that was from experience that was obtained through the life of the subject that we're speaking of.
There's a lot of things that need to change within our health care system because when we're helping someone just because we have to, we don't end up helping someone.
But when we do it out of what our compassion and our passion towards that compassion, then we are in a much better position to help these people.
Okay, so we need to talk, now we're going to go on to the lecture and in looking at what life we live, we need to look at what necessitates a human, what makes a human exist, what needs does a human have.
And that's what we're going to talk about on this lecture.
So, we look at a human and we can see that a human has reasons for everything that they do.
And they make judgments on those reasons that result in their new experience, which is their consciousness and their reactions towards actions of a previous time.
And if we look at every man, every human individual takes actions for some type of gain, man is for the betterment of man.
And so, we get these desires towards something or another and then we feel that we must fulfill these desires.
And this is when we get Epicurus and I told you I would talk about him in a previous lecture and that's what we're doing now.
So, Epicurus then says we need to look at what the right needs are and so it's not just, okay, happiness and desire is good because it makes us feel good.
It makes us continue in a positive manner, but we need to look at what these things that we are satisfying our needs with to see if they are ultimately causing positive results.
And that's where we get a lot of vices that might be desirable, but then when we look at their results, we find that they're ultimately not good for us.
So, when we come to terms with this, then we are able to make small manipulations in our psychology to overcome the needs that were not necessarily healthy needs.
So, we need to reorientate our needs towards healthy mediums to achieve our means and our ends.
To achieve our ends through the means of the healthy, healthy actions that we then implement into our lives to eradicate the negative actions.
So, we need to do this for each particular psychology that we are dealing with.
So, even though we can get an image of a man and the nature of a man through looking at the whole of man, we need to look at the individual man.
So, and their psychology, so we can then alter that psychology to become, to overcome the problems that existed within that psychology.
And through this action, then we build a collective understanding of the whole through this individual.
And if we all do this, then we're going to build a large collective knowledge.
And it would be easy for anybody to achieve what desires that they feel as their highest good if we all went and did this.
But, let's continue.
Alright, so then we have consciousness.
We've got to look at consciousness and we've got to say, okay, well, consciousness has better alternatives.
The consciousness that we exist in right now is not necessarily the best.
So, if we are to make moral decisions regarding our consciousness because we have now opened up our eyes to be able to take back our consciousness,
then why are we not choosing the better perceptions of consciousness which we can achieve through modification of one's psychology?
Okay, so we then go back, we go with needs then.
We look at our needs and we say, okay, well, what does someone need?
Someone needs food.
And then we go, okay, let's look at what type of food that person needs.
And when we look at it, a person is perfectly healthy on a vegetarian diet which doesn't harm any sentience.
That's the living consciousness that we have come to understand and then assert to other creatures within our environment.
And we can see that these creatures suffer and because they suffer, we can identify with that suffering and therefore we should not eat meat because that we know it's wrong.
And because we're conscious of it being wrong because of that suffering, then we are then responsible to make the right decisions in regards to the topic that we're dealing with.
So, eating meat.
Okay, so at the end of the day, we've got to learn control and control with anything.
So, we should control what we eat and how much we eat and what the amount that we can live on and still be healthy from our perception of what healthy is.
And this is where fasting comes in.
Fasting is a great method to think out a difficult subject as well as become closer to the environment that you're within.
And I fasted for 13 days before and hopefully I'll end up fasting for 28 days.
That's my goal.
I want to fast for 28 days one time.
But what we find with fasting is once we get beyond the innate desires that we have built into ourselves for this food,
then we can overcome the need for food because when we have a desire for something, we're indulged within that desire.
And when we abstain from that desire, then we no longer have that desire.
So, we're reorientating our desires to be the most virtuous desires that we can find.
And it's done through a process of suffering without those desires in order to obtain the necessary means in order to no longer have those desires or be able to go beyond those desires.
And when this is done, when you then eat or drink, you are eating or drinking something grand and you're really appreciative of the content that is entering your body.
So, when we find this in all things, when we abstain from the activity, then we become very appreciative of the activity when it does come into our lives.
So, we appreciate the natural resources that the earth has blessed us with instead of arrogantly looking at it, arrogantly and ignorantly looking at it.
Okay, so, in the end, then we die.
I mean, our life is a preparation for death.
We don't have to be afraid of this, but this is the fact of human life.
It's the absurdity of human life.
So, in order to get beyond death, we need to, again, analyze our psychology and see why we're afraid of death.
And then we need to make the necessary arrangements to overcome that because life is not needed when it is not desired.
And that desire for more than you already have is what causes our suffering.
Okay, so, we then do this through a mode of being self-sufficient.
So, because when we look at our resources, we see that most of these resources are controlled by people.
And then people are greedy in our current world.
This is something we need to fix, something we need to work on.
Everybody is out to get something from someone else.
We're all wanting what's in the other person's wallet or wanting the other person not to want what was in our wallet.
And this is a faulty mode of perceiving the world and our environment within it that has been encouraged through capitalism.
And through this becoming self-sufficient, so, no longer relying on anybody else but yourself,
then you gain a sense of security within who you are and what you're doing.
And you then go beyond the suffering that is involved with relying on other people.
And when you rely on other people, you can never trust it because people will let you down.
And this security is not only in oneself.
It starts out within oneself and it comes to the world and the environment around.
So, we become, from becoming secure in ourselves, we become secure in our surroundings and then we are able to,
we are able to place ourselves in the best possible environment that we can find for our particular psychology.
And, I mean, what we're all, what we're doing here is we're analyzing articulation.
And when we analyze articulation, what we have to do is step back and look how it is that we articulate.
So, the content of the articulation, which is this video medium and my articles and whatever else you might come to read,
and not just me, but every other medium that has been distributed to you that has some type, that conveys some message,
has, has, is the a pastor, a pastor, a pastor, which means after the fact.
So, these ideas came in after the fact of speaking.
So, what's a priori to articulation?
So, I'm articulating myself right now.
What's before this articulation?
And that is, my mind is going through a line of, a train of thought that is bringing,
that each train, that each movement is bringing a new selection of terminology for me to more,
most effectively commit myself and articulate my, my meaning into words.
And, and then these words come out of my mouth.
And because of this process of development, it starts off terrible and we, we cannot articulate ourselves very well at all.
And I struggle with it within speech or, and sometimes I end up with a mind blank, lose my train of thought,
and I have to rethink my line of thought so that I can then arrive back at what I was speaking about.
Uh, but in saying this, it's, it's all a developmental process and, uh, we're always, uh, getting better at it.
So, we're always, uh, getting better at articulating the abstract that we have to convey.
And it's these, uh, these categories that we're going through in our minds to arrive at the particular method of articulation that we do arrive at.
Okay, so, a priori, that, that's what's a priori before the fact of, um, of articulation is the process of, of going through massive amounts of information
and then creating a, uh, a solid, uh, solid foundation to represent the, uh, the message that is being conveyed.
Okay, so, in doing all of this, we are then, uh, forming a type of correct thinking.
Um, so, we're manipulating our, uh, psychological development and, and, um, actions, uh, as a result of the development, um, in a manner that is forming ourselves to ourselves
and becoming a more correct way of going about things.
Uh, so, that allows us to become creative.
And through that, we can open up, um, different parts of our subconscious and unconscious and, and, uh, sometimes it might feel like the material produced, uh, was not done by us.
So, these ideas were just so great that, that, um, that you couldn't have done it, but it was the unconscious and the subconscious of the self that has been tapped into to find these results.
So, they still come from you and all the effort that your conscious seconds, um, are directed towards.
But, they then get filed in, in a particular manner that is unique to your own psychology.
And, um, from that filing then, um, and, and, and the efficiency of that filing all depends about how you can then, um, come to understand and improve the, the process of articulation.
So, we got to ask, what is it that I'm doing to myself?
So, when we watch TV and when we eat meat and when we, when we allow things to occur that should not occur and when we have a small talk and gossip and things like that, um, we, we got to ask what it is that we're doing to ourselves.
So, I mean, it's each second that we got to ask these questions, um, remember the keyhole with SART, uh, we need to become conscious of our actions.
So, our actions will be utilized for their potential, uh, and towards their potential.
So, from that, so we got the internal what am I doing with myself and from that we build into what am I doing, um, to my environment.
And, we need to be careful about what, uh, how we treat our environment, um, because we will suffer the consequences of, um, of what we do to our environment.
Just as we will suffer the consequences is what, uh, from what we do to our psyche.
And, um, the, we, we develop an image of the me and, um, and that me then, uh, has, has deeper meaning to say for the species.
Um, it, it paints a, a, an image or a shadow of both you and then helps fill in gaps for the entire whole.
And, uh, then we go back, we go to Darwinism and we see it and it's survival of the fittest.
And, uh, and one, well, every species is not going to survive.
It is only the ones that are able to go beyond themselves that are able to survive.
And, uh, they can only do that with the traits that they have been given.
Um, and if they desire more traits then it's a process of suffering and development to obtain those traits.
Uh, and, and through this then we need to look at a public, uh, we need to think about public form.
So, and through our speech and, um, if, um, if we are to survive, uh, then through our speech and, and our methods of expression,
we then need to learn how to convey the meaning in which we are attempting to convey, uh, in the most articulate method possible.
And, uh, and this goes into everyday conversation.
So these topics that we are speaking of now need to be integrated into our everyday conversation
so we as a species can develop, can develop to its full potential.
Um, but unfortunately everyday conversations has no meaning to do with anything in most cases.
Uh, but we will either go beyond that or suffer the consequences of our inability to go beyond that.
Uh, so what we're doing here is we're just sifting through rubbish.
And, um, and we put the rubbish there, uh, but we were unaware and ignorant of, of the, how the rubbish, um, would affect the ecosystem of our own development.
And, uh, the habitat of our own development.
And, uh, this is seen in language.
You see people, uh, swearing profanities that are a part of their normal everyday communication.
And, uh, and this isn't an attractive feature of man.
And it is something that is easily bred out of him.
And I understand why they do it.
Uh, for example, I might go, uh, or, or, um, or whatever if I'm trying to connect my sentences and give myself a little bit of time to think.
But, at the same time, I also know that to be bad practice and try to work that out of me.
It is better just to not speak than to speak without meaning.
And once we can come to understand this, then we will be able to modify our speech and our communications to no longer include, uh, profanities and, and other ridiculous methods, uh, of employment that serve absolutely no purpose at all.
So, in the end, we are in an amphitheater.
We are, we are subjects.
See, this is the amphitheater.
And we are the stars.
We are the, the characters of concern.
And, uh, we, we got a choice of how we're gonna play the part.
We were given the part and we had no choice about the part we could play.
But we do have a choice on how we're going to play that part.
And in this amphitheater of life, we're going to have a lot of, a lot of people watching us.
And, uh, and as we can see right now, um, it's, it's empty.
It's, it's, it's entirely empty.
Uh, but I will tell you that these seats will begin to fill up as we better come to understand our own consciousness and psychology
and be able to overcome the suffering and the vices that man has placed on it as a, as a encouragement towards, uh, overcoming it.
And next, next, uh, next lecture you'll, you'll be able to read some material about that.
Um, okay, so our, our readings, our relevant readings, uh, we have, uh, some good articles here so you'll enjoy.
Okay, everything's coming together and what we're doing now with these articles is we're stamping, um, the themes that were, were discussed throughout this course.
And, um, and these are some very well molded stamps that I would like to get into your mind.
Um, so that you can understand what we're, we're, we're going on about here.
And I know you, you probably understand very well, uh, about some of these topics.
But, but we need to learn how to study these individual, uh, the individual specifics before we can come to understand that whole.
So, there is a lot of work for you to do, it is not just something that is handed to you.
But our first one is Kant, um, we read Kant before, uh, and it's, uh, what is enlightenment?
Um, and he goes on and speaks about his perception of what enlightenment for mankind entails.
And unfortunately his project failed, but, and in the, in the end, I don't think it will.
It's only failed so far, um, and the ideas still remain strong.
So, when we look at, uh, what it is that he's conveying, uh, I, I can see it happening.
Um, it, it's just going to take individuals to also become conscious of this fact and to do something about it to bring about enlightenment.
And, uh, there's a lot of different conceptions of enlightenment, but that lightbulb moment is the perfect moment.
That when, when that realization, um, that's, that's the drug that I've used throughout my life is, is that realization.
Um, right when the, the little bubble goes above my head and I see that light, then everything makes sense.
And I, my soul can rest in the area that I was struggling with.
And then move on to a more advanced area that will have better, um, that will, that will have more of a developmental impact.
Uh, so we're in this constant struggle to become.
Um, but, uh, Kant says that, uh, what we need to do is we need to break free from our, our self-incurred tutelage, he calls it.
And, um, and this, this article talks about how we're going to break our chains
and what sort of, um, necessary, uh, characteristics need to be, need to be honed in on in order to change these character,
these, uh, these, uh, these characteristics so that we can develop as a species.
And, uh, the next one is not, it's a special one, really special.
Uh, it's Kierkegaard, uh, Kierkegaard, and it's on the dedication to that, to that single individual.
And, uh, that single individual is you.
And, uh, Kierkegaard, uh, Kierkegaard wrote this for you.
So, I want you to enjoy this and appreciate what work that is going on here.
I also want you to think back about all the things that we've been reading.
And we've been reading things from all over time.
Uh, so, if a lot of people think now, oh, it's all, it's a different time.
It's a different time.
There's, and different, it's a different culture.
They're, they're, they're saying people are, like, completely entirely different.
And then we can create, um, hostility because, towards another because of our differences.
But, with all of these, uh, articles that we have been reading, uh, have you noticed that our thinking, um, is very similar throughout.
And it's not, uh, our ideals have grown and become more refined before philosophy is always sharpening its blade.
Uh, but the, the way one thinks and the perception that one can give, uh, these, these people are not Neanderthals.
And are of an advanced stature even of, or of, would be considered an advanced stature of any known society even in today's, uh, modern employment of it.
Uh, so, we, we gotta, we gotta remember that, that, um, we're all humans and we're all, uh, we're all point, pointed in a certain direction.
Uh, there's not a significant difference between our thinking but only levels of our thinking and our control over that thinking.
Uh, and, uh, in modern philosophy has allowed us to, uh, uh, from its development has allowed us to understand thinking on, uh, on very high levels.
And then alter that thinking, uh, through uses that, uh, of methods that we then employ.
Uh, okay, so that's, uh, Kierkegaard on the dedication to the single individual.
And I hope you enjoyed this lecture.
And I, uh, there's only one more lecture.
Only one more.
And, uh, and then we're done.
But, until then, stay safe.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



Oh beautiful Socrates, your breath of wisdom fills the void of my soul, and truth can exist
as no other than in the spirit in which you live. But how am I a mere fallible human to live by such
noble values? For your words are much easier to receive than their practical application.
For even me, as a proud warrior, I can never achieve your glory. Despite the ugliness of your body,
my wise teacher, you are the most beautiful creature of all known existence. Your soul
purifies the ugly found within your body and shines as a floodlight through your person and out to the
world. I heard that a seer claimed you as the wisest man in the world, and you spit on that honor.
For you realize that you know nothing. But dear Socrates, if you know nothing and are the wisest
man in the world, then what is it that I know? The paradoxes of your ugly beauty, your unknowing
understanding and your unconforming acceptance plagues my mind many of ours. But time breeds out your
wisdom from my soul, and I fall back into my sinful ways. The mark of mankind is set, and it seems so
far away. And I am fearful that I might not be able to reach as far as the stars that you exist within.
For I clearly understand the ideal. But following that ideal, and not only asserting it, makes my knees
shudder. Dearest Socrates, if we could only be together always, so that I might reach the height of man in which
you so preach. Do not leave me, for I am afraid that I will fall. Hold my hand, and teach me how to forever hold the hand of divine wisdom.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



hi tidings my friend we've gone through a lot of different material and we have
an overview of a lot of different perceptions and in theory and theory
about how to put that theory in practice so we've been getting a lot of
information and now it's time to contemplate what that information means
and draw any relations to it so welcome to lecture 10 and this is the final
lecture so we'll start out with a bit of a treat a bit of an insight into the
future and and we'll come to that from our last lecture which was
math which taught us some methods to overcome and we do this through
observing the individual thing so we can then learn the differences that it
possesses but at the same time the similarities in which all the all the
genus of the species share and they have in common so we're tracking down what is
common and and we're doing that through looking at the individual thing that is
not common so that's a little bit about how how things work but this then gets us
into methods for overcoming and and education is one of those things and our
education system is about to change everything's about to change but if you
don't believe me then what we're gonna do is we're gonna I'm gonna tell a story and
I'm just gonna give you an insight into what the future is going to be like you
might not realize it but education is a smoking gun right now so let's throw
ourselves into the future so you can see what I see so we have a lot of different
teachers and those teachers have dedicated their entire lives towards the
subjects that interest them most and they then come to learn these subjects as
functionally and practically as possible so that they can then share with the
world what it is that they have come to find and these teachers will make money
through donation and as you go through a course you start to learn the
individual so as the as you went through this you learned that there was very
very many different distinct things about me that most people that wouldn't
show themselves in most people so we learn about this person and through our
studies and we come to to have an empathy our concern for this person
who has spent their time giving or take articulating their abstract so that
they could then share this abstraction in a manner that they have understood best
by by putting all the all the material into a structure which can be understood
most effectively so then these teachers are then these these students have the
option to then donate to these teachers and then these teachers because they can
provide their content to the entire world will then get a living from the
donations from the people that have chose to donate to them and people could
donate whatever they wanted and or whatever their means was if they felt that
they should contribute to the well-being of the teacher so in what we're doing then is
we're removing the system from the education system which is controlled by
government we're removing that from the equation of a necessity in life and
we're doing that by providing donation or not optional donation feature to give
these teachers a a an existence in which they can use them to study and analyze what
their heart's passion leads them to okay so then these these education courses will be
become available all throughout the internet and you'll get quality ones and
you'll get crap ones but the quality ones will stand the test of time and
you'll get different universities there will probably be new creations new
universities that are online that are free and and they would make sure that they
have good teachers that they employ good teachers and the university doesn't have to do anything except exist
as a intermediate between the the the teacher and and the student like a signpost the university would
just be a signpost to get them to that material so the university also would not
have control and the control would all be in the teachers hands okay so then we see
these teachers then also learning from other teachers and learning these teachers in
their their individuality and we got we were since we removed the system now we have now we're teaching
because we care about people so then we are coming from a different student a different student
teacher relationship so now when you email your teacher his his reaction should his or her reaction
should be that of acceptance because these topics are really important to them and these topics that
they're teaching are the most important topics that they have been able to find so they'll their interest
then is in to this this topic and not the idea of obtaining a living out of it and as a result
though they will obtain the living once they build their established uh reputation and once they and they do that
through the test of time okay so then uh all these teachers are then referencing other teachers and we get the
best of the best um that are collaborating and synthesizing ideas and they are using reference material to open source
uh uh we're open sourcing the world uh so using public domain books and uh and then they will be using uh they'll be sharing each other's information since all this is is uh available on the internet um then the media distribution will go from paper to an electronic form and over time uh
uh this electronic form will become widely uh available and it will be extremely easy to be able to publish information and then um share that information in a easy manner so we can then all all connect and talk our topics because we live on this world together in the same time
so we shouldn't just be talking about these topics with dead people um we should be talking them out in our own life in our own existence uh with our with our own circumstances
okay so uh this is opening up doors everywhere and see the methods that we've been learning over this um this um this this course are will teach you how to be able to see things like this because you you learn to look at the nature and then and then judge the reactions from the nature of how those uh reactions uh or how how how how
uh or how how the nature would would would start those reactions and we look at that through the environment
and uh so we can see now a new floor a new forum available for educated people to share and distribute information
and these educated people would then create more ideals that will change the world and share them
and uh there's going to be a huge boom once this um process gets uh refined enough to make it easy for everybody
then there is going to be no excuse for anybody and this is going to change the way capitalism works
and this is why capitalism this is the reason why capitalism is a um is a destroyer of itself
um but so we'll look at one point of view you know um so then within a job it was always to get a good job you either needed to do hard labor or you needed to um to have a good qualification
and anything less would get you a low paying job uh but what this is going to do over time is then uh since the grades and stuff are not important
because we're building character and we're not building a certificate uh it's it's the individual it's not the collective that's doing the work
um so then we're going to see we're going to be looking at people back from the collect collective to the individual
so should i hire this person well let's look at this individual and their traits and not a piece of paper
so their traits and what they've studied um will manifest themselves in their actions
and they will be able to look at their character to see if they are appropriate for the job
um so our employment scheme will uh as a result of this internet um education will completely change
and it will give uh opportunities uh to many many people around the world and especially third world countries
to grab a hold of their lives and then place it where they believe that it should be
um and there's more we we can keep on thinking about more and more different ramifications of this education happening
so all these teachers need to make this step towards this reform
otherwise you're going to be be destroyed evolution will will uh will wipe off its uh its skin its uh dead skin
so the teachers out there need to start thinking about this and not only that those who have the ability
to teach um university grade uh courses should then organize their content that they have to to share in a receptive manner
and then they will and then post it up and when you do that then you are giving a gift to the world that will
either stand the test of time if your passion and your thought was in a correct manner or will be destroyed with all the other crap of the world
um but we should all do this and um and we'll see those stars we'll start we'll start to see the stars and uh
and a lot of these stars are uh are stagnant and and but but the thing is you have to uh come in before you go out
think of a black hole uh so let's just do as nature has intended and it's time for us to start our new golden age
uh but this this is a little bit away but this is what you can uh start to think about because this is the this is what's going to happen
and and and saying this as well uh the the primary and secondary level education systems um so elementary middle and high
if you're in america or however wherever you are that does whatever systems um they will become superseded
and then it will become up then the parents will have to train these children to learn the information
that they need as they have it all in their fingertips it could be possible as well that schools might end up
just having the child come in and stay on the computer the entire day uh but that's probably not good for the child
either so we need to start thinking of healthy ways that we can um employ this this revolution of education
and when we do this we're going to have a an entire conscious revolution and this is what we i was talking
about before um that everything's going to change and um and we've now got the tools to make it happen
and now we only need to learn how to use those tools uh that's the education uh this this lecture is going to be long
but i don't care if you you probably don't care it's going to be um a relaxed lecture uh so it's it's you'll you'll enjoy it
but uh that that's about education and we'll start talking a little bit about what we've been talking about over the weeks
and um and i want to mention spinoza and a lot of these conceptions um are pantheist which is in like god is in everything
and i've been expounding on some of these topics uh so and they've been resonating through the course
and spinoza uh from amsterdam and uh uh and ended up getting exiled from uh from his people uh because of his views
um he he he did though at he acted um to to open our eyes up towards uh religious tolerance and
and and he really did uh and he was in a good place for it too because amsterdam was uh one of the most tolerant places around
uh so i just wanted to mention spinoza he's a guy that you can go check out he's he's pretty interesting
benedict spinoza and that's he he attributed himself to that name i don't remember his real name
he he he wanted to be called that so i don't i don't know uh there's probably a story behind that
all right but um and then we go to epicurus and i mentioned him a few times but there was a specific
um part that i wanted to talk about now and that's communities and he said that what we should do is uh
find or create communities with the people the small communities with the people that we have
come to love in our life and uh and work on our relationships and uh while while studying
everything and also learning how to control our desires and uh he was he loved um sensations he was
he started a type of hedonism um but it was through an ascetic method and uh through asceticism
uh we can learn to overcome our the limits of our body uh but but the history of asceticism has
disliked the body and looked at the body uh in a in a negative evil light um however uh from this method
of epicurus the body is part of a thing to love it's part of of the nature
that it comes from and and i think we should do that uh i don't think we should despise the body
the body is a wonderful creation and we should uh we should resonate that through through our body
okay that that's epicurus and i just wanted to mention that and i i do have some some uh some
inclinations towards small communities and and that's what i'm i'm trying i'm gonna be trying to
start a commune um but we'll see how that goes i got a lot of plans in life um so i reach high but i i
tend to get there it's just not the way that i thought that i would um okay so throughout all these uh
lectures uh different themes that have come up um the core of it is is why follow so why should you
follow the crowd the crowd has shown its obnoxiousness and and uh lack of particularity in every scenario
we know um if you're choosing to follow the crowd which everybody does choose to follow the crowd
uh then you you and you know you're following a fallible source it's not a good thing to follow
um so why are we doing it and we need to step back and look at at why we do the things we do
uh and this comes through objective reflection um on our own lives and the entire history of our own
lives and this is the good and bad that we're accepting that we're taking on and we're accepting
it all and then we're learning from it and then and then synthesizing it to to understand the path
and direction that we need to take in the future so this comes back to the boulder with um sisyphus
and the cross and uh are being bound um so how are we bound well we're bound by people uh people
oppress other people and to rely on people is to rely on a fallible creature that um that in many cases
is not reliable so how how do we um fix that then then we got to search for the drug and i'm not
talking about a um a substance um but a method to overcome the the issue we're speaking of um and we do
and the so the drug then acts as a tool and it acts as a tool to get us to a healthy state of existence
um that's that's that but okay so what happens then is we get to through this process we get to an apex
of of ourselves and we're always we're always going higher always going higher but an apex of the
potential self that is realized um so every moment becomes the best moment possible
and uh and this happens through acceptance um because once we accept uh what we accepted no longer
burdens us uh so we come back or yeah we come back to plato's cave and plato um said okay so we're
sitting in a cave chained chained up staring at a wall and we've been like this our entire lives
okay so uh we spend we don't so what happens is there's a fire behind us and and but and people
are walking around our cap doors are walking around behind us and uh their shadows are casting sorry
their their their figures are casting shadows on the wall and we understand those shadows to be
real existence and uh in fact those shadows are not real existence um the shadows are actually being
cast off um from the the fire and the the reflection of light from the person walking in front of the fire
okay so our the philosopher's objective is to break um these chains and they spend their lives to
continue to continue to attempt to break these chains and once they break the chains then they stand up
and look around and are able to see that this these shadows were being cast from the fire
um and then when they walk out they discover a new reality and then the next step is that they want
they go back in the cave to try to free their fellow man and uh their fellow man thinks
they're crazy uh which we can see we can see i'm crazy apparently uh but but you are what you are so
i want to talk about my chains a little bit and how i've broken my chains um i'm the judge of no one but
myself so how you live your life is is your decision and i'm not going to condemn you for that
uh but for my life um employment always held me down and that was because one i didn't sleep much and i
don't sleep much um and i like to sleep whenever so i got tired at work sometimes because i wanted to
take a nap or something and wasn't able to do it uh and the i can't do the whole sleep at night every
night thing um so it was it was a tough journey um and i was treated poorly throughout my employment
and even though i did a really good job uh so i got frustrated because i wasn't being respected for
the job that i performed and throughout the information technology industry that's how that's how it is
and uh so i was i was working for like nine years you know ten years and uh and i had to get out of it
so what i ended up doing is spending time on my psychology to no longer value the money that came in
from it and then i was able to uh treat them uh with less care about the status of my job so then they
knew that i would just quit uh quickly and they would make um provisions to to
to me so i wouldn't do that um because i didn't care and i went without jobs for a long time so i've
stopped uh slowly been pulling myself away from money and that is a big issue money and material things um
material things is a thing is an issue too i now have one bag and it all fits on my back
it's a big bag and i have everything that i need to live comfortably in there and that was removing my
chains and uh and my as far as social situations um there was the people that i spend my time with if
they don't appreciate me uh spending my time with them and and i because i appreciate them spending
their time with me and if they don't do the same and don't respect me then i will not stay in the
situation and i end up uh without anyone uh but that's okay because i would rather be without anyone than
in the middle of an unhealthy situation that had no hope to resolve itself um so that's so i broke my
chains from people uh i'm just this is just little bits and i'm not going to tell you the entire story
i mean everything fits this whole this whole course um has been has been a life project and i'll talk about
that in a little bit but those are some of the types of change you can start looking for um whenever
you're uncomfortable with uh with with something there's a reason hold on
whenever you're uncomfortable with something there's a reason why you're uncomfortable with it
and if you analyze the reasons why you're uncomfortable with it then you can make create methods to overcome it
so the course has ended and uh and there's not much left to go so where where are we to go from here
what's uh what's the next step okay well i presented some pretty significant books
uh uh to you throughout our time together and uh now it might be the time to go back and read the
entire uh the entire things uh that's that will keep you busy and that will also give you uh an insight
into some of the wisdom that has to be shared around and uh and there's the gutenberg project which is an
uh which is a public domain a place for public domain books and uh and the librivox is where you're
getting the audio books so with librivox and the gutenberg project uh you have resources available to you to
increase your capabilities in learning and your and uh your availability of of what you have access to
in addition there's easy methods for a pirate to steal copies of some of the new philosophy from the
philosophers from the internet easily in an electronic format so there are very many uh places around the
internet that you can get copies of books that are not public domain um but that is illegal yeah okay so
um then we look at the world and we go we've gone from ourselves you know so we have to see what
what from ourselves what we can do to our what we're doing to ourselves we look at ourselves from the key
hole um to wake ourselves up and then we align ourselves with ourselves and then we look at the world
and we say okay well uh this world what am i doing to it and what are the ramifications of that and then we
say okay um after we align that then we go okay well what about my species uh what am i doing for my species
how and how can i say i'm contributing for the species that i am and we're looking at responsibilities
that someone has and and after we look at the species we then go okay well this universe um that all that we
can know and all that we know think we know all that we think we know and a lot of other stuff that we do not
know um exist within it and uh and what are our responsibilities to the universe and this will
become a big question as our human development and technology grows because we will no longer be
limited to location when we come to further understand uh our own uh our own laws that are surrounding
the universe that that we live in um about space and time okay so what we need to do then is we need
to take a slow step back we need to we need to step back from everything and then look at what it is that
we're dealing with with every topic um what topic am i dealing with uh and and once we come to see what
what we're dealing with and the different perspectives that are involved with what we're dealing with
uh we like philosophy becomes an ever sharpening blade of development and when we when we get down
hearted about about the way things are we can look at the ideal that we have created and how far we have
come to creating that ideal so from but but then through this action comes ramifications and if we can
think of sisyphus and uh and his pushing up the boulder and this is our suffering and and if we can remember
socrates though uh we need to accept suffering and socrates accepted his own death because it was his highest
good because it was what was done by democratic um vote and he endured the ramifications of what he
took as a highest good and um so we need to think about that and all of this is independent of
any religion so any belief or lack of belief um we are still dealing with the same topics whether you
believe in god or not is not an issue for these topics that we're dealing with you still have the
same one choice that everybody else in this world has so this then shows us our subjective interpretation
so we're always looking at the world from one point of view and can never get out of that one point of view
so those are our limits and when we can stretch our limits to their maximum potential but we cannot go
beyond those limits uh so we think about actually where we're going in the whole scheme of things and we
come to find that uh that we're on a lonely journey and this is because ideals like this are not common
practice currently uh and this is because the way society has been going um from the results of its history
and and we can either choose to go beyond the problems that its history showed us or wallow within them until we
go down the drain and all of these questions that keep on coming up uh point to the question itself
and we need to always question beliefs and those when we question those beliefs we can come to greater
understand what it is that we're dealing with so the when something is claimed then the question can refine the claim
and make it more clear in all who who then share and get receive this information um because everything's
constantly developing and through that we become the seeker and okay yeah the seeker and this seeker
their path is superman so from seeking um they they slowly find and this build then creates a superman
and that is the the purpose of human is to overcome itself and that is the meaning of life
uh because if you look at our evolution and the way our species is growing um this is where it's pointing
and the details of that meaning is a subjective interpretation so that meaning is uh
uh is then allowed to be constantly refined okay so anything less of this choice is a total cop-out
and um and um and you are acting in an immoral manner if you do not accept your destiny if you do not
carry your cross you are not doing the right thing and you atheists also need to carry your cross and i
don't care what arguments that you throw at me um about that uh we need to start looking a bit more
more metaphorical instead of uh instead of uh instead of of saying things are like we say they are
um and this that's what this whole thing's been about uh okay so everything that you have come to see
and um and be shared with uh this this course is a life project uh this is all this is a lot of
information coming together in a certain way in one person's head uh and this is the fruits of my life
so far as it stands right now and i'm not saying this is the only information i've studied because
oh boy have i studied but there's things that resonate and relate and this is the best manner that i
was able to articulate um the the basic and repetitive meanings that i found through patterns that existed
within philosophy and religion uh so this is definitely not something spare of the moment however
it kind of is um as far as it came about very quickly once some some big holes were filled once the
the gaps were filled so in all of this i want to tell you about my financial situation i don't have a job
because my job is what you're receiving right now i spend all my time revolved in around this these
difficult topics um so and i am a student too um and i get a a very meager allowance from the
government and i manage to live off that and a lot of times i don't but that's okay because the life
that i've chosen um i i need to learn how to go without so a lot of times i do go without
but i i i don't mind at all that helps me um but in saying that i don't want to rely on the government
for the rest of my life um so i am gonna just mention that you are welcome to give me a donation
i hope that helps does that help no not really it makes it look worse all right so if you would like
you can donate to me on my webpage and i eventually want to be able to make a meager living without the
government by producing this material and this is what i have to share with the world um this is my
gifts and i'm making everything of these gifts uh and i believe that we should be able to live
off the gifts that we we hone in on and share without a feeling of trying to take something off
of another and i don't want to take anything off of you so if you have any reservations don't don't give
me anything um but i put a lot of work and thought into this um and if you if it made any difference on
your life and if it uh if it helped you see some things then i would appreciate if you donate whatever
value that you believe this course has brought into your life and then we can work together and continue
different systems like this and show that that systems of this type of teaching are an effective
method of learning and the teachers are able to sustain a living from it uh and that's important
because we're not going to get these teachers that throw their whole lives away just to die in a gutter
so we need to find ways to help sustain this online teaching and that would be through donations
so if you would like to give a donation uh please don't hesitate to uh and then
that we then we come to an end we come to an end um everything's been really great uh because it's
come together in in a fashion that has been satisfactory more than satisfactory to me and i messed up a lot of
times and i referred to uh to the wrong things and i have mispronounced uh names and that that's just the
follies of of our kind and i can't i don't want once a creation has happened and it is good enough to be
published then i cannot spend my time to to redo it uh in a method that is better because i can spend my
time to give more information um and since it's adequate or even above adequate then it will suffice and
this comes in to being content with the creation that we create um even if it is not satisfactory but
the thing is that we're always working towards arete which is one of the tattoos on my arm which is
excellence and through these processes we're always getting better so as i become then you can't you too
can also become and the way that you do that is through your conscious seconds
um that have been given to you so let's utilize these we got a whole bunch of them and we can become
so much the the the spectrum is is infinite so let's uh let's claim our inheritance of the infinity
and and strive towards it so peace be with you and good luck on your journey for truth
and we have an exam and this exam is life so how you live your life and the actions that you
choose are going to affect absolutely everything so it is this life that you will be tested on
and uh i wish you luck in that test uh for it will be a difficult test and when you accomplish one
difficult question and you think you're on to an easy one you will run into a problem that you must
overcome in order to continue and complete the exam but i would take your time on that exam because
that exam is an important exam
i forgot the relevant reading so we'll quickly go through that
okay so we have arthur schopenhauer um it's on sufferings again on uh on pessimism and uh it's
the end chapter it's called parables and uh and it goes through a whole bunch of different parables
and the way i recommend to you study this is for you to just maybe uh write down one a day
and think about that parable the entire day so use your mind to think of all the different perspectives
of the parable instead instead of saying oh okay i've read it it's done um actually use your mind to
to uh deeply consider what what arthur schopenhauer is saying and uh his parables are good i like this
part so you should enjoy that okay and the next reading is from an author that is very dear to my
heart okay his name is wendell knee smith and this article is called the mark of humanity and this goes
through a different perspective of the creation story and the ramifications of that creation story
and uh i hope you enjoy that article um and that's the course i hope you enjoyed everything and god
bless i'm excited that i finished this it's been been hard work



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



Well, it's been a long journey. We've covered a lot, but time has come. I've reached my turnoff,
so I need to take my road, and you're welcome to join me. This is not a very popular road at the
moment, and as you can see, it's empty. But if our race and our species is going to survive,
then it won't be for very long. But either way we look at it, it's what I got to do,
because this is the life that is best for me, and no matter what anybody says about it,
or no matter how much I get criticized, or thrown food at, or threatened my life,
I'm going to continue walking this road because this is the most virtuous road that I have been
able to find through my life journey. So even though I get persecuted and go through a lot of crap,
I am the best person that I am, and those people that are persecuting me are most likely probably
jealous or trying to look for faults that they can't find. So I don't know. I'm doing the best I can,
so I don't have any regrets. I learn from my mistakes. I do make mistakes, and I learn from them.
But I'm saying this, I'm not going to change for anyone. People have been trying to make me do that
my entire life, and that's not cool. That's not cool. And I did for a while the things that people want
me to conform in certain ways, and the government as well. Nine-to-five job is so typical. I had to rebel,
you know. I had to get out of it all and find my own path, and I'm walking it right now. And this path is the
path to the good life. And the good life isn't what everybody you see around you is doing. They're not awake.
And I've given you some tools to assist you to get out of bed. And if you are out of bed, then that's awesome. If you're stretching, that's awesome.
And if you're completely out of bed, then that's awesome too. And we should hold hands and walk down this path together.
Because there's no path better than this. And everybody has their own path. I do want to say that. But the path of what we ourselves
find to be virtuous from our search is the best path we can take.
And if you and I find different virtues and we have different perspectives on different topics, then that's okay. That's not a problem.
But that's actually what makes us develop. That's part of our evolution. Because when I see something in a certain way and you see something in a different way,
as long as we're looking at what we both think is best objectively, then we can synthesize our ideals and develop into better human beings.
So, this path that I'm walking is the path to virtue.
But everybody has a different way of getting here. So, I wish you luck on that path.
I really do hope you enjoyed everything. I do want to sing a song for you. And if you're not religious, I'm sorry.
But I would appreciate it if you watched it still because I did do a lot of work to get all this content out for you.
And I think it would be good if you repaid me by listening to this song if you're atheist or something.
But this song is worshiping my God. And I'm not that good of a singer. But the thing is, is every day I get better.
So, I'm going to do that once I get to the end of this street for you.
But yeah, we all have our path and the way we find it is different. And there's something, and this is a lonely road.
This is a very lonely road. And that's why I'm screaming out to you because I don't want to walk it alone.
And I've been walking it alone my entire life. So, I'm ready to hold hands with some people and move on forward.
So, you will get persecuted. People will be very cruel to you.
Like, all the time I get people say, you need to grow up.
And it's like, well, I mean, what is that?
Okay, so, even though all of it is difficult, the path is difficult, it is the most rewarding path.
That you could ever imagine. Because knowing that at every single step, you're the best person you can be, is the most wonderful feeling.
And to know that, to live without regrets, because you always did the best you could, you could do no better, then we can live a good life.
And yes, we will make mistakes, but we use those mistakes to guide our lives.
And that's my course. I hope you enjoyed it. And I will sing to you now.
Our God is an awesome God. He reigns in everything with wisdom and power and love. Our God is an awesome God.
From it to soul, to mind, to body, which comports myself in the world. I've come to love my God as an awesome God.
Every step I take is handed over to Him so that I, a mere man, can be so much more.
My God is an awesome God. It reigns in everything with wisdom and power and love. My God is an awesome God.
I hope you enjoyed that. God bless. And I'm going to be doing some more courses soon.
I have a lot of different courses planned out. And there's some research I need to do on some of them.
And I have a lot of content, but I need to make them better. They're not coming together like this one is because this one was a life project.
But I got them ready. And they should be out. I mean, it all depends on my studies and how much time I can put into it and still study enough.
Uh, I got, I got, I got a full set of units, uh, this semester, sociology units. Uh, so we'll see how that goes.
But, um, but I, uh, the first one I'll do, I don't think it's probably the most important topic.
Like it's not the, the one that's on my heart so much, but, but I think it's the one that's most necessary because we need to learn how to study.
And, um, and if we're going to, especially we, we're, we're doing this online stuff.
And now that we're sort of, we're revolutionizing education, uh, we need to learn how to study.
And I'm going to do a course that's called developmental study.
So develop, developing learning, developmental learning.
And, uh, I also got one, love and particularity.
That'll be another one.
And, uh, justice in action will be another one.
And I got a few more ideas that are going around.
And some of these ideas are, uh, are planned out and everything.
So if you, if you just keep your eyes out, keep your eyes peeled, there's more coming.
And I hope that everything that I can teach you will be beneficial.
And, uh, and I know this course, I don't know.
I hope you liked it.
I hope it was, it was, uh, good for you to think about these subjects.
Um, if you haven't already, you see, the thing is, is that these subjects are going to be, I mean, there, there is something that's solid that, that doesn't change.
Um, I mean, the changing that happens is going to then stand for history.
So, uh, the things we have our whole lives to think about.
So maybe you've, maybe a lot of these topics you have heard of.
Um, but I can only judge on the people that I see in my world.
And everybody I see in my world doesn't, um, doesn't know anything about these topics.
So if you're like that, then, um, I'm, I'm hoping that I was able to help you clear up some of these topics and, and start to think yourself.
And, uh, thinking is a lifelong thing.
You gotta always think.
I mean, okay, you have the choice to think about something that is important and meaningful in your life.
Or instead, you could think about a TV show.
Or a movie.
Or, or what you're going to eat that night.
Or anything like that, you know.
Or you could think about meaningful topics.
And, uh, and if we are going to progress as our, as a, as a race, then, uh, I hope that we start thinking about meaningful topics.
So, thank you very much.
Uh, stay safe.
Until next time.
God bless.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



Today is Tuesday, the 21st of February 2012. It's been 10 days of production and seven days of filming. Today is the seventh day. I finished last night, and now we're just going to go through the making of.
Um, and today I'm resting and reflecting on what it is that I just produced, and it is good.
Okay, and, um, the way that all this started, uh, was from God, and this God directed me, um, to the point that I'm at now, and then all these things that I've been learning that He's been directing me towards, uh, started to relate.
And, I mean, I saw the relations. Um, they, uh, I saw that there was something between all these topics before, but I never could appropriately articulate myself to relate these topics in an effective manner.
So, all these topics that I've been studying throughout my life, um, clicked, and, uh, were clicking. They were in the process of clicking, and I could see that.
And, um, and, um, and I said, okay, uh, sorry, so this, this made me feel that God was telling me that we need to talk, and I talk to God all the time, but the way that God speaks to me is through realizations, through different understandings.
Um, and that, so we, we talked, and we had a long talk about all the things that I've been learning, and the direction that they were going, and what I should do with them, um, and how I should, should organize them.
Um, and, um, and, um, and from that, then created a sheet of paper, let me see, right here.
Okay, so this, uh, is the sections, um, this is the table of contents of the lectures, and, um, and I was going to write a book to begin with.
But I was, as I was doing that, it came upon me, um, that, about the past books that I have written, and I've never finished a book that I would say would be worthy of publishing.
However, I've done a lot of good work, works on, on good portions of books, and, um, that I could go back and complete, but I think their ideas are inferior, um, to where I am now.
So, they, they helped me to get, to see something that I, I wasn't seeing, um, and acted as stepping stones.
But in saying that, the people that I shared this material with were not receptive to these ideas, so I started to learn the common man, and I've met, and have been around a lot of people.
Um, so, um, so, learning about a lot of different types of people, um, uh, made that, uh, made me stop and think about how I was going to articulate myself for the public.
Um, and I did that by thinking about my own studies, and my own journey, and my own seeking.
And through my own seeking, I have learned many different things from education, and education has, has allowed me to learn so many things outside of education.
Um, so it's like a catalyst for everything that has come to me, um, through my journeys in martial arts, I have acquired two black belts, and I'm not really sure how legitimate I would consider them.
Um, however, there was a lot of work done to obtain them, uh, I have studied, and studied, and I'm just giving you, I've done diploma in Java programming, and diploma in PC repair.
Um, I've done a lot of different studies, and all throughout this time, I was in university, and I was in university since 2002.
And I was, I started out internal there, and then part-time, and then external, and throughout all these different types of learning, I was coming to understood, understand the problems within the current learning, uh, articulation.
Um, and how we could learn better if there was only simple things that were rearranged in order to, uh, create a better, a better and more effective system.
Um, and this is by getting rid of the system, rid of the system, and putting it into passionate people, putting it into the hands of the passionate people, the people that are passionate about these subjects.
Um, and then we can all do what we love best, and share it with each other, and, uh, I mean, it's going to change everything.
Um, but yeah, this was the, the outline, and so it changed all into a course that I then structured to have 10 lectures.
And, um, so this started out as a table of contents for a book, um, and it developed into what you, what you see before you.
Um, okay, so it was, this has really been a life project, um, this course, and it's taken a computer, uh, and this is a netbook Aspire, Acer Aspire 1, and it's a little, uh, it's not very good,
And, and throughout the production, the keyboard, and the mouse were playing up on me, and I think I need to replace both the keyboard, and the mouse.
Um, yeah, and they shouldn't cost too much, but it might take a while to get in, and, uh, but that won't be too much problems, I mean, that's just in the future.
Um, but, in saying that, it, it would suck if it broke, like, now I'm seeing these issues, I should fix them when I can, but it would suck if it broke in the middle of shooting.
Um, and throughout shooting, um, I kept on having problems with, uh, voice sync, and, um, and these, uh, lags, and these lags are terrible, um, which, so a lot of times I have to just cut it, and start somewhere else.
Um, and, and, like, that lag that you just saw then, sometimes I'll have to just cut it, and start somewhere else, and that's a bit of a pain, and sometimes it's difficult to keep my train of thought with all of this, but I'll talk about that in a second.
Um, so, the computer, uh, was, what, and then I convert with virtual dub these into Xvid format, and then, uh, the ones that have more than one cup.
Which, there's only a few that have more than one cup, um, but then I go, and, um, and I gotta, I gotta combine those, and I'm actually having a problem combining those, and I need the internet in order to do that.
Um, and, I, I don't get the internet, uh, I don't have the internet, I, I'm getting, I'm in the process of getting the internet, like a little wireless device, and that's supposed to be active right now,
But I can't call them, because I don't have the internet to call them, because I have a voice over IP account, um, so, once I get the internet, then I'll be able to sort it all out, but I don't even have an internet connection to upload these videos, um, so, I gotta, and I need a fast one, um, because these videos aren't small, um, and, so that's my next step, I gotta find a place to upload all these videos, not only that, I have, um,
Not obtained all of the audio, uh, sections that I need yet, I know what I want, and I made sure they're available on public domain, and I have to go and get those, and find where they're located, and then get the audio file, and then I have to convert that to, um, to WMV format, so then I can, um, then combine that with the, a picture of the book,
And, uh, and then I'll have to upload that, um, so there's, there's a lot of steps that are going on behind the scenes, here, for, for all this to work, and, um, and sometimes, yeah, when I lose my train of thought, I'll have to cut those areas out, but I tend to try not to do that, um, I'm always trying to improve,
So a lot of times, I would just prefer to redo the whole thing, and get over my problems with my train of thought falling out, and having to rebuild my train of thought, um,
But sometimes, the content before was well said enough, that, um, I would much prefer to cut that section out, and you might see that from time to time, a little cut, and that's either because, uh, the video chopping out, or because I lost my train of thought, and, and had to re, and just cut that, that area out, but, uh, what I'll do is, when I lose my train of thought, I'll just be quiet,
for just a little bit, and then, um, sometimes a minute, I've done it for like two minutes, too, one video, I was like, I'm gonna cut all this out, just watching it, you know, two minutes, and just sitting there, thinking about what it is that I'm about to say, but, uh, that, like I said, that's the thing with my psychology, that I need to work beyond, and every day I improve, and I used to not, like I said before, I used to not be able to talk very well to people, and now you can hear me speaking to you about these difficult subjects,
Okay, so, power, um, I went to a pool, and, uh, there, there's a PowerPoint in that pool, and every day I swam, except one day, but every day I swam, um, pretty much, and, um, and I'm a good swimmer, but, the, it has a PowerPoint there, so I could charge my laptop, uh, so then, I would swim while my laptop was charging, type up articles on my laptop, uh, and then, uh,
uh, convert videos there while charging, and a lot of times I would just have it in my bag, um, turned off, or, in Hibernate, getting charged, because it charges a little bit faster, so if I didn't need anything to do, and I thought, and I also made lecture notes, um, which, uh, which are all these things, and these all, um, so, the first lecture I did without any notes, and the, uh,
the, uh, the second lecture, uh, sorry, and all the other lectures, I had words that would, um, would point out something that I need to speak about, and then I would, uh, follow that, um, spontaneously.
Like, I, I had a list of what I needed to say in the structure, and I would go back to where I needed to say it, but often I would say things after, like, from the conversation, I would cover other topics, um, just from speaking it out, and then not need to speak about it later, but it gives me a little guide in which I can work from, um, to provide this content to you, uh,
to deal with, uh, with, uh, with getting all this out in an effective manner, and not making a fool of myself, uh, okay, so, uh, okay, so, that goes into the notes that I was using, and I'll show you, actually, like, okay, so, let me stop next, and there's writings, I have fragments of writings everywhere, and I gotta sort through them, but, so we see here, we can say chains, you know, there's chains, my chains, let's talk about my chains, um,
um, and then that will, that will cover, uh, an entire topic, uh, or line of thinking, um, okay, so, we got the follies, um, there was, I messed up on words, I said the wrong words, I messed up on names, um, mispronounced names, uh, I referred to wrong information, at times, uh, there was, it wasn't a, uh, flawless production, but I'm a fallible creature,
and as long as what I produce gets, conveys the message that I am attempting to say, then I can move on to the next message that I will eventually articulate once I learn enough to be able to articulate the message, um, so these follies then are, are helping and guide, helping me, helping guide me, um,
I'm assuming them, as long as they don't distort the message that I portray, uh, so they're, you're not gonna always get perfect productions from me, uh, but they're always going to get better from, from the acceptance that I have towards those productions,
that I use the wrong words in the past, when I'm going on about something else, and, uh, we're playing games with our own mind here, uh, it gets, uh, once we learn how to look at these things, then we can, uh, go beyond, and, and then, uh, re, uh, we, reorientate our psychology,
Okay, so the meanings within these productions, there's a lot of hidden meanings in there.
And the kuji-in, which is the hand signs or cuts, are from ninjutsu or ninpo taijutsu.
And I've studied that for a long time, and there are different meditations towards aspirations in life, and they're very good to utilize.
But however, you have to do training in order to understand the significance behind these meanings.
But in saying that, you could probably make up your own meanings, and if your meanings were valuable enough, they would help you as well.
But there's a lot of things that you can do within kuji-in, and the nine cuts is not just the end of the road,
because then you have a combination between all of them, and you have pretty much a limitless sphere of development within meditations using kuji-in.
So there's meanings behind these things.
There's meanings behind the scenery that I chose, and the atmosphere that we were in while going in each lecture.
I'm thinking these things through, and if you look closely, you'll be able to find those meanings.
If I mess up from time to time, that's just a product, that's the dead skin that's being shed.
But the thing is, is that the meanings behind what it is that I am presenting are obviously there,
and working both on your subconscious and your consciousness.
So, but you're learning the material, but you're also being absorbed into that material
through different meanings that you may note or not note.
And these are things that we need to think about and start utilizing for education
to help us see beyond what is the focus.
We need to start learning how to use our peripheral vision.
So, the provisions that I had throughout this production was food.
I had oats, which were good, peanut butter put with those oats, and it's a really good mix.
And then I had bread from the soup kitchen, which was really lovely, and that lasted me two days.
I had muesli, which was really good.
So, I'm eating well, at least this is well considered for me.
Sleeping erratically in only like a few hours most nights, and some, there was a few nights
that I didn't get any sleep at all, but that was because I was producing, and I was, there's ideas everywhere.
I mean, there's papers just everywhere, and then the best of these papers that are everywhere
become the ideas that then get utilized, and I have to sift out through the trash.
And you notice, I just ripped it off.
If you notice, it doesn't matter.
This is useless after, well, this is useless now, but this is useless after I get the audio formats
of these readings.
Yeah, but, so if you notice, I've been scratching readings out, and that's because the selections
of readings that I start with is like a lot, because there's so much good stuff out there.
I'm trying to give you the fine pickings, so you can then go and look for yourself outside that.
And, um, and it gets, and by doing this, I'm eliminating the ones that are, have the least
relevance to, to the topic.
So, these readings started out vast, and I had to make a decision on, on lecture two.
One would be these readings, so I did lecture one.
Lecture two, I didn't make the decision on the readings until, until, uh, probably I made
the decision on the readings, um, by lecture one.
So, um, so I'm, I'm working towards, and by lecture five, I had all the readings sorted
out, uh, but that, it was a progression, and I had to eliminate, um, even good stuff, but
it wasn't exactly where I wanted to point you.
Um, so, then the, uh, back to provisions, I get off topic.
Okay, so, tobacco, I had tobacco, which was wonderful, um, I had two pouches, and I still
have the second pouch, and I'm doing, I mean, I don't like nicotine as far as the idea that
you get physically addicted to it, and that is my problems with nicotine, and, um, I'm working
myself out of the addiction, but the thing is, I don't want to, I don't want to be out
of nicotine, as, as far as, I don't want to exclude that from my life, because I think
it is a good drug, um, however, we, it's a drug that man has to overcome, um, in order
to utilize, uh, it, it is a dangerous drug, because you're always wanting more of it, however,
we can, if we learn how to, to bless it when it comes into our life, but then allow it to
go, um, then that would, we could work much better, but that's a difficult thing with nicotine,
and I'm, I don't, I'm not even sure if I can do it, um, I think it might be one of those
things where you take it or leave it, but I'll find that out on my own path.
Um, I had, I had marijuana, a little bit of marijuana, which was good, and I was blessed
with that, that was a good blessing, and when, uh, it enabled me to become very, very creative
about certain topics I was dealing with, and those that know me about drugs, um, I'm, I
use drugs to, uh, to understand things on a different level, and, uh, and in doing this,
I feel closer to the spiritual, and, um, I got into, uh, uh, entheogens, and that's a
different topic, so I won't really talk about that, that much, though, but, um, but the,
the pot was good, and, and is good, it's still here, um, but, but I don't, I didn't use it
too much, it's given me a few days of, um, of, of what I needed in order to, to continue
these lectures with a positive mind state, okay, and, um, and not just that, a creative
perspective to form this material, uh, and, and that's what different drugs do, is give
you that, they, they let, let you see things in a different perspective, uh, okay, I, the
internet, um, every day, I would, I would come out, uh, when I woke up, uh, every day, except,
there was one day I stayed in the bush, um, but, I would come out and walk, it's no, it's
less than an hour to get to town, uh, so, I would walk to a wireless hotspot that is,
around town, and, um, and then get internet there, and then go back to the pool, uh, and
I have the internet on my phone, except it's not working, and I, but I need to call, uh,
my provider to talk that out, and, uh, I can't provide, call them until I get, uh, phone,
and I can't get phone until I get internet, because I'm on voice over IP, and I've talked
about this before, but this is, uh, but without internet as well, I don't, I can't upload these
videos, and the hotspot that is in town is in front of a house, that awkward, um, but that's
very, very slow, and I can't upload anything with it, and, uh, and I need the internet also
to, to start testing, to try to fix my phone, um, to get it to work, because I just need
new firmware, it's Android, and I gotta change the firmware, uh, but, so I don't have internet
right now, and I'm not sure how I'm gonna upload all these videos, but, uh, one day at
a time, one step, you know, you see how it works, um, so, those were the days, um, preparation,
uh, was spent mostly in the tent, um, after I had that conversation with God, like, everything
just started booming, and there was papers everywhere, and I said, you know, I've written
fragments that ended up, that were just lying around, and eventually I gotta go, I don't
need to do it anytime soon, but, but, and I, but I probably will, because, I mean, I use
my seconds, but, um, but I don't have to, um, to go through them and organize what I need
to write down, where I need to put, and what, uh, I need to still type up one of the, uh,
writings that I have, uh, but those were the, uh, so that was the, uh, the three days before
the filming, and I started filming, and, uh, as I was filming, the preparation even got bigger,
and, and, uh, more time being spent, and, and I did even see some links that was not, was
not clear to me, um, before I started, so this course has helped me, uh, as well as helping
you, uh, and I really do mean that, um, and the individual ideas that I have collected from
a lifetime of search has then progressed into an ideal, and this ideal is conveyed in the
production, um, and I hope you, you are coming to understand this ideal, because this is the
ideal that I am presenting, um, so in the end, life is just full of shadows, everything's
a shadow, and, um, and the shadow of the product is the production, which we've gone over, and
the shadow of the production is the producer, and that is me, and my life, and my childhood
growing up, um, wasn't too bad to begin with, and, um, I was in Indiana, uh, and my, uh, I
was, I'll, I'll, I'll, before I talk about all the, I'll say all my life I've struggled
with sleep, and, um, I, I just didn't sleep a lot of times, and sometimes I would sleep
a lot more, and, and my body just naturally wanted to sleep whenever it wanted to, instead
of making me tell it when to sleep, and it didn't like that, and that caused a lot of
problems, but my, my parents didn't believe me that I wasn't sleeping, because no one can
survive without sleep, and, um, and there, so I was constantly attempting to develop methods
to overcome life, uh, with not being able to get much sleep at all, and, and this is a lot
of, of how I started to come upon these conscious seconds, because there's so many of them, there
is so many of them, uh, but, but, um, so sleep is, has been a thing for me, but now it's good,
because I have learned to reorientate my body around me, and I let my body freely, uh, act
how it wishes to act, and I, and that's why I've had to break myself away from things like
employment, but, but we'll talk about that, and, um, and I've also, throughout my childhood,
I had this constant striving, and I necessarily, I didn't necessarily like it, um, but I'll tell
you about it, and it'll help you understand the reason why I am like I am.
Um, so I've always had this, uh, these things put into, uh, pushed into my life, forced on
me, I had to, um, do piano, I had to swim, I had to clog, and I had to play violin, and
there was just so many, had to, um, swim, and I swam well, you know, and I got pretty good
at most of these things, I wouldn't say I'm, I'm not near as good as I was before, but, and
also, I kind of held resentment for all those things, because I didn't want to do them,
and they were being forced upon me, however, I, I, uh, and, and that's had an effect on
me now, like, I learned how to force myself to do things that I didn't necessarily want
to do, and that's, uh, developed me a lot, um, so I appreciate them, uh, raising me in
that manner, because it's allowed me to take control of everything, um, however, the investments
now are into the perfections that I can, I look for, and, um, and, and sometimes that
does go around piano, and gymnastics, and, and, uh, violin, and things like that, but now
they're in my own direction that I liked, and we did camping, and there's, I, now, I didn't
like camping, and, I mean, everything that was given to me, I didn't like, um, I didn't
want to do it, and then I learned to see beyond that, uh, how I could make it myself, and make
it my own, um, but, okay, we'll go back to childhood, so, I was in school, um, I was confused
about a lot of things, we moved around, went to, uh, South Carolina, North Carolina, my,
uh, my, I was rejected at school, people, I wasn't very good at conversation, I, I was
very frightened of, uh, of malicious words, um, people were very hurtful, um, and I tried
to stay away from that, it, uh, because it affected me, and, um, so, and I, he ended up
getting a little loner kid that can't keep, can't even keep friends because, well, he's
moving all the time, um, but he can't keep friends because he doesn't, he, because he doesn't
want to fight with those friends, um, and then, and my father was a preacher, and this,
he was a teacher and a preacher, so, when he didn't preach, he taught, uh, but this was,
um, significant, like, because I was the, then the preacher's kid, and, uh, and also what,
what he, he taught, um, and what I grew up in, and what I learned is that, um, we cannot
go beyond our sins because we're human, and, uh, we, we must accept our, our sins, and I
couldn't accept my sins, I had to go beyond my sins, I was taught that, uh, the, the body
is an evil thing, the material is, is evil, and we should, um, repress that so we can get
to, um, or we should accept that evil so we can then get to salvation, and, uh, I then
saw the hypocrisy everywhere around me as far as churches and the people in those churches
and saw how hurtful they were, and, um, but the thing is that their salvation allowed
them to do that and, and continue in their own existence, and I did not align with the
way that, uh, that they, they did, um, so, and this is even as a child, you know, this is
actually all throughout, all throughout, but, uh, but then my, my father being a teacher
as well, he's a science teacher, and he was very, very directed towards, or, uh, biology
and, and the physical and explaining things with the scientific method and these, uh, these
details, and I'm an abstract kind of guy, I'm more metaphorical, um, where he, and we conflict
it, and we do conflict, um, a lot of things like that, uh, and so, so, socially I wasn't
that good, and, uh, however, I wasn't picked on because I stood up for myself, and I would,
um, and I would go through great measures to make sure that, uh, that, that I wasn't picked
on, but not only that, is I went through great measures to make sure that other people weren't
picked on, so I would end up getting in fights with bullies because they were picking on someone
who I didn't think they should have been picking on, which is anybody, um, I mean, I have been
quite a few fights in my life, um, now just to pass this, uh, okay, so, uh, where are we?
We're looking at my mother then, um, she's a nurse, but she's always had the conceptions
of don't think, um, thinking isn't what life is about, life is about living and enjoying,
um, and sharing yourself with others, which I can understand this conception, but at the
same time, knowledge was irrelevant to her, and she wanted explanation for nothing, and, um, ignorance
isn't where it's at either, so I'm getting these different sides of the coin, and, uh, and my brother
is not, um, really wanting to be my friend, and he, he demonstrates this to me by, uh, by having his
friends around or something, and then, and then excluding me from them, and he would act
like he was doing me a favor, um, by hanging out with me, and that didn't make me feel good
about myself, uh, and, um, um, then, um, adoption, uh, so, then we adopted three Korean children,
and, um, and then, uh, a little bit later, uh, my parents divorced, or they split, and then
they divorced, and, uh, this caused, um, some hardships in the, the system of life through
a wrench in, in the whole, in the cogs, and, um, and this, then I started to rebel because
I was getting these two sides, um, where they're both wanting me to live with them, and I didn't
know what to do, um, so then I just started doing these, like, smoking, and getting in
trouble for smoking, I've gotten in trouble for smoking a lot, like cigarettes, um, and,
uh, and, uh, one day I ended up bringing, like, a, a Zoloft pill, um, to, which is a prescription
drug for, it's an antidepressant, and, uh, I brought that pill into school and gave it
to a kid, and I got in, in a lot of trouble for that, it was a big drug bust, um, for that
one pill, and, uh, and then I got sent to an alternative school, uh, it's called Crossroads,
and that had big walls and fences and, and metal detectors before you went in, it was pretty
hardcore, and I was getting beat up a lot, and I wasn't, um, because I wasn't like them,
um, and, uh, in, in, in there you either become like them or you suffer the consequences, and
I suffered the consequences of that, um, so I then get, and then in this time my father
finds an online girlfriend, moves to Australia, and then marries her, and, uh, I mean, and they're
still together, a wonderful couple, um, now with two adopted children, um, two beautiful
adopted children, and, um, and then I, I'm seeking refuge away from this school, and, uh,
then I moved to Australia, and, um, and also I, I hated being the mediator between, um, my
mother and my father, because they wouldn't talk, and they would always say, say this to
your mother, tell your mother, tell your mother, tell your mother about this, or, um, not only
that, I was trying to get them to be friends again, and that wasn't working, and also they
were both telling me bad things about the other, and that wasn't good either, um, but, uh, that's
what, that's what happened, and then I go to Australia, and I go, um, to Maranatha, uh, and it's a school,
a Christian school there, and my father's the teacher, um, but it's in Perth, Western Australia,
and, uh, they noticed that, that I'm, I'm doing work on a much higher level than everybody else,
and then, uh, they put me up a grade and a half, actually, I, I, I went up a grade and
a half because I was in, going countries, uh, move countries, and it was a different season,
um, they had a different school arrangement, so I moved up half a grade, and then I moved
up another grade, um, uh, because of the content I was, uh, able to, uh, come up with, and,
uh, because of the knowledge that, so I understood these topics that they were speaking of,
and, uh, they realized that, I'm not very good with mathematics, though, to say that, um, but,
this also put me in the same age group, uh, because I was held back when I was young, uh, then I,
I wanted freedom, though, and I was not given, my father wasn't the freedom type of guy, and he
still isn't, he's not the freedom type of guy, either, if, if, if, if I, if I visit him, he has a
whole set of rules that I have to live by in order to visit him, so I won't visit him, because I'm not
going to go back to that, um, but I wanted freedom, I wanted freedom, I, I wasn't happy with all these
rules, and, um, trying to break away from my chains, trying to break out of my chains, and then
I got tired of it one day, actually, I'll tell you, I met a girl, um, and I met her through a friend
who had a party, and her name was Jenna, her name's Jenna, and, um, and we, uh, we then got pretty
close, and, uh, then I decided, I was, so I was, like, 15, I think maybe, maybe early 16 or something,
I don't know, it was around there, and, um, and I moved out, uh, because I got tired, there, there's
an event that happened, and I, I just got tired of it, and just walked out, and stayed with a friend
for a little bit, and then, um, ended up moving in with Jenna, but we had our, I had, we had separate
rooms and everything, um, and then our relationship just grew from there, and we got married when we
were 18, and we were together until 25, and then that's when she left me, uh, but, so there's a lot
in between that, which we'll get into it, um, but, uh, it was that freedom that I just, I had to get
away from oppression, and that's what I've sort of been doing my whole life, you know, I've took
refuge in Australia, um, to get away from a school in America, uh, but, okay, so, I was, and throughout
this time, I, I ended up getting a job at Domino's so I could help out, so I've, I've tried to pay
my way through everything, um, and I was, I was, got, I became a dough boy, and then I
became the best dough boy, and I got really good at it, but I, I've gotten really good
at everything, that, I, I do a really good job at everything, so, um, all of these things
I was shining, um, then I, so, doing dough for a while, but studying as well, um, and when
I studied, uh, as well as studying, I would look for what I wanted to do with my life,
and this was confusing, I didn't know what I wanted to do with my life at all, um, I then
got into IT because I was good at it, and it was like, well, I'll do this until I figure
out what it is that, where it is that I need to be, and, um, I was first in university, uh,
well, I did certificate two in information technology, and I did that with my year 12
certificate, um, so, and, and then I got into university, I got through, that through a
alternative entry method, um, because I didn't have the, the, uh, TEE scores, because I wasn't
doing TEE, I was doing a certificate, uh, but that wasn't very difficult, I just told them
a little bit about my life, and, yeah, I tell anybody a little bit about my life, and
they put me as exceptional circumstances, so then I got married, and, and we had a lot of
unhealthy things, we were kids, and we didn't know what life was, and we had a lot of unhealthy
traits, and those unhealthy traits weren't fixed, and actually became, caused a lot of
problems, and, um, and I wanted to fix them, I wanted to go beyond them, and make them not
an issue, but she wasn't interested in doing that, uh, she just wanted to be how she was,
and I wanted to be better, and, uh, and that ended up causing a lot of problems, so there's
a lot of unhealthy traits, a lot of codependency that's going on, um, within this, this relationship,
and I started training in ninjutsu, uh, I did other types of, I did karate and stuff like that
as a kid, and, and I studied a lot, like, um, of that sort of stuff, um, from probably the ages of
13 plus, uh, but, but, uh, I, I trained a lot in ninjutsu, like, everything was around ninjutsu,
and because I couldn't find what I was looking for, because I, nothing was around IT, I was just
really good at it, and, um, I was just trying to, I was a seeker, you know, I've always been
that seeker, uh, but I then got into alcohol, and that was a bad thing, I started drinking a lot,
and I started to learn how to make it, I distilled, and I made beers, and, and I made a lot of different
types of good stuff, but it was so cheap, like, a whole flask would, uh, would be, like, you know,
seven dollars, or something like that, and, um, and that was bad, because then I was drinking more
of it, and it's more available, so that caused, uh, a few problems, and I have, I've worked out of
alcohol, and I worked out alcohol through drugs, and I learned about herbalism, um, and different
drugs, uh, entheogens, and different drugs you could use to, to, uh, reproduce the effects that I
needed to get, um, that I was using alcohol for, and drugs are wonderful, they, they got me out of
alcohol, they saved me from that, and, uh, now I just need to look at the most healthy drug, and not use
any drugs that produce consequences that I'm not equipped to handle, um, but that, that's another
topic, uh, okay, so, uh, I was also into mechanics, and, um, and electronics, a lot of DIY stuff, uh,
and through martial arts, I did, uh, I started to get into philosophy, but eastern philosophy,
and I learned a lot of different things with eastern philosophy, and I did a lot of mixed martial
arts, because part of ninjitsu was to learn other martial arts, and, uh, so I'm doing a lot
of different martial arts, and learning a lot of spiritual things, but, and, and health related
things, acupressure, I've been, I've been taught, uh, acupressure, I can work on the back, the neck,
the arms, like joints, um, and I'm, I'm pretty good with that, uh, and I had problems in my back,
and my instructor actually fixed my back, um, which has been awesome ever since, been the best back
ever since, um, so, and there's, there's a lot of people's backs that I've fixed, uh,
uh, so this is a, uh, this is a expanding field, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm continuing to look more
and more outside, and I'm doing this through different methods, um, of, that I come across
in the life that I have been given, and then we, I did online diplomas during that, in university,
I did part-time, and, and some full-time, I failed a little bit, the introductory unit got me into,
interested in philosophy a lot, but, but, you know, no one does a philosophy major, because, uh,
you don't, you don't get a job from a philosophy major, so it wasn't really thought of, um, started
out in computer science, and moved around a lot, moved to politics, um, moved into, uh, physics,
um, sustainable development, um, theology, and, uh, I actually would jump from one to the other
a lot, and I find that now I'm coming back, I've finished my philosophy major, and now I'm coming
back and taking care of all the other, sociology as well, that's what I'm doing now, um, I finished
a philosophy major, so I'm working on a sociology major, and I get paid by the government, like,
just a meager allowance for being a student, um, but what they don't realize is that I'm
a lifetime student, so as long as they pay me, I'm going to continue to study, uh, and then
they'll probably catch me out for that, uh, but we'll see what happens, look, I'm giving
my gifts, I'm not doing anything wrong, look, look at these gifts, okay, so, um, I did a
lot of online diplomas, uh, and renting, a lot of renting around everywhere, we moved everywhere,
um, me and Jenna, and, uh, and, and, uh, we then bought a, or we went to back, I'll talk
about buying in a second, but we went to America and spent a year, and she didn't like it, and
I didn't really like it either, uh, but then, but then we came back to Australia, um, there
was, uh, there was a lot of control issues there that took part on both sides, and, um,
and I'm sad that the relationships ended, but, uh, and I tried my best to fix it, but at the
end of the day, uh, it's her choice, and I can only respect her choice, uh, so, and we
then came back, and we bought, and we purchased the cheapest of the cheap, because we couldn't
afford anything else, and it was this little unit that was crap, that, uh, really bad area,
and I'm not going to talk about the details of that, but it was kind of dangerous, and
we weren't safe, um, but we were there for two and a half years, so we learned how to harden
up, and, uh, and then we sold, but we did a lot of work on it, and we didn't, we, we did,
we pretty much broke even, we didn't really make much money, um, I think we made a few thousand
on it, but it wasn't worth the two and a half years lost, uh, and throughout this, you know,
I'm a little bit crazy, apparently, um, so I do odd things, what people consider odd things,
and I don't consider them odd things, and I'm doing them for a reason, but since we have
this cookie cutter image of the ideal human being, if you don't fall into that, and if your
reasons aren't, uh, don't line up with the harmony of the masses, then apparently you're
crazy, so, but in saying that, some of these things that were manifest were not healthy,
so, um, I was a bit crazy throughout it, throughout the marriage, and there's another reason why,
um, she left me, and, uh, and you combine this with alcohol, and I was, and then you got,
you know, that things are going to fall, um, suffering is made to destroy itself, and capitalism
will follow the suit of suffering, which will destroy itself, and, uh, and a relationship like
that itself will follow suit, and, and destroy itself, and that's what happened, um, but after
she left me, um, so I was, this is, I was 25, um, this is two years ago now, and, uh, and
I, her friends, um, no longer associated with me, and most of my friends were invested in
her friends, but I did have a few friends, and they were good, and are good to me, the ones
that stuck around, uh, but there, I lost, I lost a lot of friends there, um, through,
through the divorce, because they all took sides, um, because, because she was the original
friend, uh, okay, and, um, and after that divorce, uh, I didn't know what to do, I tried
to win her back, and it didn't work, and I could see that nothing that I did would change
anything, so then I fell into the abyss of despair, and I was studying, I was studying
full time, and I was in philosophy by this time, um, I mean, I've been studying philosophy
for a long time, but, uh, but I was in philosophy at this time, uh, enrolled full time, physically
sick, because, um, I don't know why, actually, but I was losing a lot of weight, and I got
down to, like, 40 or 45 kilos, and I could, I couldn't sustain food, I would eat, and then
it would go right through me, I need to go relieve myself after a short period of eating, and I
got really, really skinny, and, um, and then, uh, this is when Jenna left me, so it's a hard
time physically and mentally for me, um, and, and I am, like, in the process of dying, my
body's in the process of dying, um, but the doctors couldn't find out what they did, and
they did a lot of tests, and so they couldn't find out what it was, and they did a lot of
tests, but what ended up fixing it was a, okay, actually, I'll tell you first the calling,
um, so once, once everything meant nothing to me, all, I looked around and saw all my
possessions, and I go, what is all this worth, it's worth nothing, um, so then I, uh, I want
to end my life, and I've wanted to end my life a lot, um, I've thought about ending my life
a lot, uh, but I've never acted upon it, but this was the closest that's ever happened,
because I got out the pills, and I got out the water, and I got out the alcohol, and I
was just going to, to finish, and I had a lot, I mean, I would have been finished, and, um,
and I was gonna do it, and right before I did it, uh, I felt, I felt a real, a realization
came upon me, and God said, uh, you're a smart individual, maybe a little confused, but follow
me, and I will show you the way, and, and, uh, and I go, oh, it's a, it's a, but, but to follow
me, I become, you become mine, so you give your life over to me, you hand it all over,
it all becomes mine, and the choice, then, was to die, or to live, and to live is to live
through God, and that's the choice that I made, and I gave it all to the divine, and, um, I mean,
I was saved before this, but that was the moment that I chose, um, I chose to walk the
path that was mine, and I suffered the consequences of that path, like I've never suffered before,
which we'll get into a little bit, um, but I then didn't really have a home, I had nowhere
to go, my possessions started getting smaller and smaller, because they were more difficult
to keep, because I was moving around so much, and eventually I ended up going back to America,
hoping my family would accept me for the person that I was, however, um, they did not really
want the person that I was invested in their lives, because I'm saying things that they don't like,
and, uh, and I, I'm not going to be suppressed, I'm not, I won't get my mouth sewn, um, I'm not
going to bow my mouth intentionally, I've been spending my life, uh, to, to unbind it with
my knife, I mean, look at that picture, that, that artwork that I did, um, that, that's how
I've been, that's, why am I going to do that, um, so, I then, so I spent eight months there,
and I leave there, but, well, actually, hold on, I'll tell you about my job, um, I got
an IT job here, and I was getting paid crap, and then they, uh, but I didn't care, because
it was part-time, and I was just, uh, I was just doing the work, and, um, and then they
recognized my capabilities, and put me in a different, a high position that was, it was a halfway
decent pay rise, however, it then changed everything about, about my life, because it took it over,
it became, uh, it became, um, it was not just a nine-to-five job, because, uh, what, the, the
responsibilities that they placed on me was way beyond the scale of that, and, um, and that
stressed me out a lot, and they took advantage of me, and so I didn't, I didn't get paid, but
I should have been getting paid, and, um, and so when, when I leave, I resign, and, also,
they knew that I would, I was happy to quit, but I was making them a lot of money, so they
weren't, um, so they kept on trying to convince me to stay, but then I resigned a month before
I left, um, to Australia, to Melbourne is where I went, um, and they then fired me, uh, after
I resigned, and I was like, okay, well, I thought it was good to give, like, a month's notice,
um, because you, uh, because you're helping them, you can make sure you get everything down
on paper, and everything organized correctly, uh, but that's not how, how it worked, and
this was a good representation of my life, and the way, and it was a good ending to employment
as I know it, and I won't go back to that crap, man, um, that is a, that's a life that's
no longer part of me, and, uh, and I won't be treated like they treated me, they treated
all throughout employment, I've been treated really poorly, um, and I'm a human being, and
I'm going to be treated that way, or I won't stay around, um, in that same position, uh, so
then, with, oh yeah, so, I went to, so this combined with someone messing me around a little
bit with money, um, then puts me homeless in Melbourne, and, uh, and this is with, like,
four bags, and I mean homeless on the streets, um, four bags, and, uh, and those four bags
eventually became one, and then that one, um, ended up breaking, and a lot of the stuff
falling out, and pretty much all I had was my paperwork, and my paperwork was my qualifications
and my identification, and, uh, and because I was a phoenix, at that, I was no longer a
part of that system, um, because that system didn't care for me, and they showed it in their
actions by, by not being able to provide a home for me, and, uh, or not, not being able
to help me the way that I needed to be helped, because I didn't fit into the cookie cutter of
a person that they expected to come across, so I ended up in very difficult situations,
and they didn't care, or understand, or have the facilities within the system to be able to help,
so I walk around Melbourne a lot, um, because I don't have money for public transport, and, uh,
and that, uh, and people say, why don't you just hop on, and I didn't want to do that, because,
um, that's, um, that's stealing, and I'm not, so, so I spent, like, I was spending a lot of time
walking, oh, when I got that identification, oh, yeah, yeah, over this time, so that, that's the,
like, two and a half, three weeks that, um, that I'm there, I do, I ha, I do have a place to stay for
a little bit of it, um, but, uh, but then, I mean, it's, it's just a temporary, uh, thing, and I get,
uh, I start walking, I, I stay there for three weeks, and, and I realize that I'm stagnant water,
and I start walking, and, uh, pretty much having only my, uh, I start walking north, uh, northwest,
and, um, and pretty much only having my identification and qualifications on me, um,
and the clothes on my back, I, uh, I went out to a park, and I burned, um, both my identification
and my qualifications, and, uh, and that, because I'm not, I'm not that, that paper, I'm not that number,
I'm, I'm, that number, uh, you forgot that that number corresponds to me or relates to me and not
is me, and that's what we got to fix in our system, uh, but, so I was, I didn't have any home, and,
but I was walking and looking for maybe a farm or something that I could, could stay at and, um,
and work at, and all throughout this time, I was studying, too, I was doing a course on love
and friendship, and I wasn't seeing much love or friendship in my life at the time, so it was a
very depressing, and both inspirational, because I learned some really, really interesting facts,
or, or investigations into love, and it was really good since, you know, I've sort of broke out of
love with everybody, but in, in doing that, I, in turn, um, worked into loving everybody,
uh, so there was definitely a transition, um, transition, uh, transition there by striving
for that divine, and, um, but I, I was hungry, you know, I haven't eaten, there's one, uh, when
I was walking, I just walked for days and days, and I ended up in Bacchus Marsh, and, uh, you
know, sleeping, sleeping on the sides of the streets, but in, in a place that you couldn't see
or whatever, but, uh, but, and then, but I walked most of it, I didn't sleep much, so
I could walk for, for a long time, and sometimes I walked, you know, three days straight, uh,
but, but I ended up in, um, Bacchus Marsh, and I was there, and, uh, put a tent up, I needed
to sleep, I needed to sleep, and put a tent up, and, uh, and slept, you know, it wasn't probably
the most appropriate place to put a tent, and then, but then the cops came, and then
they sent me on a train to Ballarat, and I got to Ballarat, and they started feeding me,
and it was so lovely, I was able to get food in my belly, and I was so blessed for having
food, and it made a huge difference, and, uh, and Ballarat's a little bit of a, uh, a soft spot
for me, as is Nimbin, where I am now, um, uh, the alternative capital of, uh, of Australia,
which is also interesting, because I, to get where I am now, I have to go down alternative
lane, um, but, okay, back to Ballarat, um, so then I went out to the wilderness, and go,
okay, uh, I'm not, and through this, oh, yeah, because I, I still couldn't, you know,
stay at a place, I, I did have a place lined up, and then I, someone tried to, sorry, I
had a place that I stayed at for a short period of time, um, but then someone was breaking into
my window, um, while I was there, and I just said, you know what, I'm safer out there, so
I packed up my stuff, and then, then walked out into the bush, and, uh, and I didn't really
have much stuff, but there was a few things that I had, which, uh, they helped, they, they,
they gave me in Ballarat, so I had a little bit of clothing, um, and, uh, and I was under
a tree, sleeping under a tree with, uh, with nothing, you know, and it was cold, and it rained
all the time, and it was, uh, one time it snowed, and there's a story about that, but, uh, but
it was just, uh, it was a hard thing, but, and through doing that, oh, and I was starting
to learn what I could eat in the wilderness, what I could survive, what I could fill my stomach
on, and I had to learn how to purify water, and, um, how to get a cooker, and there was a
lot of things, so, from my suffering, I was learning to, to obtain things easily that
were most efficient to the lifestyle that I'd chosen, and, uh, over time, I just got better
and better stuff, um, it was at, at that point, you know, when I walked out of, uh, of the place
that the guy was trying to rob me, and, um, I, uh, I made a choice then to never, uh, never,
to, to, sorry, I won't say never, because everything happens, I mean, anything could happen, but I
made a choice not to pay to exist, I don't think anyone should have to pay to exist, uh, if
you use facilities or something that are provided, then I can see that, but why should one have to
pay just to exist under, uh, under a roof, and, um, and that's a bit of, that's a big
problem, uh, in our society, but I didn't want to do that, and I met a lot of interesting
and strange, a lot of strange people, too, um, through these journeys, and, um, I gotta
watch out for sexual predators, because that is a, uh, a pretty, uh, that, that's probably
a bigger topic than, uh, you would, you would think it to be, um, but, uh, I mean, through
this, um, uh, I, I, I've been alone in the bush, you know, people don't come out to the
bush, and the wilderness is, it's all mine, that's how it feels, it's not, it's everybody's,
it's everybody's, but we've, we've come to forget that, and, um, and existing among this
wilderness while I study has been, uh, was really good, but then at the same time I was
really lonely, and getting used to this new wilderness lifestyle, uh, was difficult, um,
being so lonely, and I was having suicidal ideations, and, um, I went and talked to my
GP, or a GP that I got there, and, um, and he, he then, so I wanted to help, I wanted to
like talk through my issues or something, and, uh, and they, they said, okay, well, we'll
help you, um, don't worry at all, and, and they said, just, uh, spend the night here, and
I did, and then I became, and then they committed me, they, uh, involuntarily, uh, involuntary stay,
um, I was in prison, and, uh, and they, they talked to me, and I realized that they weren't
listening to the contents of what I was saying, and they weren't understanding, um, what it
was that I was saying at all, and they were just judging, and they were quick, and they
didn't care about me, and they just wanted to drug me, and watch what I did on drug, uh,
when they drug me, and then make sure I would continue to take my drugs, so it's a reprocessing
center, um, and then send me off, but, uh, and I had to learn how to play their game, like
I, if I didn't play their game, I wouldn't have gotten out of there, um, so I did, and
when I got out, I stopped taking my medications, because that's not what I'm about, but they
didn't care, and they forced it on me, and, well, I didn't have a choice, um, it was a very
bad situation, and, uh, eventually, so five weeks in there, I got out, and, um, and I'm
never going to go back there again, uh, the, the Western, uh, health system, as far as the
mental health system goes, is not there to help you, you lose your individuality, and
become part of the whole, um, and no, no longer anything but the whole, and, uh, and that's
not cool, so, uh, I, so, but, but in this time, I learned a lot about psychology and
psychiatry, um, so I was focusing, I was studying a lot when I was, uh, but, but the thing is,
they didn't even like this, because then I would bring, I would point out all this information,
and then show them how they're not doing their job correctly, and, um, and they would get
upset with me, and, um, but I would read, like, lots of information, and I would have references,
and they didn't want to see that, they didn't care about any of that, um, but, which is bad,
I mean, why are you going to continue to do unhealthy things when it's pointed out to
you that it's unhealthy, uh, but eventually I got out, and then I went to Perth, um, which
I stayed with some friends, which, that was really good, and, um, and I studied, I, I was
full-time again, and I had a full plate, and also a theology unit, and that theology unit
was difficult, because I, I've been doing a lot of philosophy, and I know a lot of the
history of philosophy, but then I fill in the gaps with the history of theology, and, uh,
um, and I get a connecting story if you, if your ears are tuned, there's a lot that was
related, there's a lot of relations, and, uh, I gotta move, I've been sitting here for
too long, okay, so, um, so I started to notice these, and, uh, and at the same time as noticing
these, I, uh, I, a part of my mind was beginning to develop, to develop that was to help change
everything for me, and I'll talk about that now, and that's, uh, I've been, I learned
to read in paragraphs, and, uh, and I don't do that all the time, because it can be quite
stressful on the mind, now, that is, I don't do that all the time now, but I, I learned
how to do it, and, um, but, but learning how to do it, that kind of changed everything,
because, um, because I started to look at the world in a different way, and the way you're
reading paragraphs is you sort of have, you look at the paragraph, and you kind of absorb
what the paragraph is, is, is saying, and it's, um, and this is, so I was, uh, then learning
how to look at the hole, and be able to fill in the individual blanks from looking at that
hole, uh, so this is a very good gift, um, that was bestowed upon me, um, that I have
taken and developed, and began, and learned to look at, um, at so many different things
in this manner, um, actually everything in this manner, which has now allowed me to, uh,
understand how to break up what it is that I'm looking at, um, and also look ahead of what
I'm looking at.
This theology unit was a difficult unit, and that's because there was a lot of material,
and I always had, had to, um, go through the history of all of it, and I had to link these
with philosophy, because my mind wouldn't rest until I did, uh, so this was a difficult
unit, so by being able to learn how to read in paragraphs, I was able to quickly go through
all the information, um, in my philosophy units, which were not a problem for me, um, and then
I was able to focus my time on my theology units, and I did not do too badly, um, on the assignments,
but then the exam came along, and, okay, so now we're at exam period, and I'm taking exams
for my courses, my last exam is my theology unit, and it, it was set to be on the day
that I left for Nimbin, and, um, and then, so I go to the university, and, and with a big bag,
um, and then take my exam, and then I'm off to Nimbin, go, go to the bus station, and then,
uh, then get to the airport, uh, so then this process, uh, uh, was, was quite funny, because
it was like a new start, um, right after an exhausting period, because, oh boy, learning
how to read in paragraphs, like, changes your perception of everything, because you're learning
how to read whole pieces of information, and not just text, but you can apply that to your
world, and, um, uh, so it, it's like very relieving to just, and walk away from it, but in saying
that, I, I, then, I, I, I, when I move, I'm always a little bit frightened, but I move so
often, so, but I just push myself through it, you know, it's good fun, um, learning new areas,
uh, okay, so, what I do with the exam, oh, what I find out about the exam is that I failed
it, the last one, I did, I mean, everything else is good except the theology one, but I
did well enough in the theology unit to pass, um, so all I had to do was retake the exam and
passed the exam, um, so then I spend all heaps amounts of time, I went through over 2,000 pages
of, like, the history of philosophy and theology, and, and just went over and over and over and
over these topics, um, and not only that, is all these little, all these things I've learned
from university, all these books that they've been putting, that they put in, um, I then
go, that they, because in philosophy, we're just getting lots and lots of, lots of articles,
and, and that's, that's what you're getting right now from this course, and, uh, and since,
since I'm doing it full time, my, all my time is focused on those articles, but then when
you get the chance to step back, you can go and read the books that all those articles come
from, and that's what I spent all my time doing after the theology exam, but, yeah, so I finished
the, I then did the theology exam, and I did well, I did really well on it, but, um, but, uh, I had
to go through a lot of information. So once I finished taking the theology exam for the second
time, then I was able to focus my time on catching up on all those books, in which I, uh, previously
had to neglect just to get through the units. I didn't neglect, uh, I read the readings,
but, um, so the excerpts from, but I didn't, uh, read the entire book. So now I started filling
all the gaps, um, of philosophy, and that was very, that was a very interesting time, and this
is, this is a big blooming time for me too, because, um, I started to be able to click on
a lot of things, uh, and now I have plans, uh, see what happens with those plans, but
I have plans of moving through Tasmania, and this is because I can find a cheap property,
and possibly be able to afford it, and, um, and that's all I want is a little bit of property
that's off the grid, um, that I can exist upon that is no more than eight hours walk from
a town, a small town, um, and that's all I require, so I'm out to try to find what I can
afford within my means, and my means is pretty much nothing, because I'm on a government allowance,
um, a student government allowance, uh, so, on, uh, through this whole journey, though,
there's a lot of ramifications, and, um, we, we open the bag to what I'm going to pursue
in, in, uh, online universities, and there's a lot of potential that is to be had with our
current resources, and even our current setups, and we only need to get the ideal, the
ideas people, and to then create ideals, to, uh, to create applications, um, to do this,
uh, and teach people, and how are we going to teach people best? Well, that's what we're
talking about, and that's what a lot of this course has been going on about, so this ideal
is, is, um, going in a lot of different directions, um, as far as community as well, is once I get
that property, I, I want to make it where it's a place for philosophers, and anybody who is
confused about life, or wants to talk about life with people who spend their life to think about
life, um, are welcome there, and it's not based around capitalism, or any type of commercialism,
it's, um, just based around you being a human, and, and a thinking human, who has a life,
life, and we're here to help if you so desire, and the community, so people might end up staying
if they like it, or they might end up going away, or I might end up going away, I mean,
all I'm looking for is a place to hang my hat, or actually, no, I don't have a hat, uh, I'm looking
for a place that I can place my books, and walk away from, and not be worried that they're going
to be gone, um, so, so, I mean, I might end up anywhere, but to have that location available
to all the philosophers out there will start to open up doors for philosophers, and that's
what I'm doing here with my life, is I'm trying to pave the way for philosophers, the new philosophers
of the world, and the reason I say the new philosophers of the world is because we have
now been, okay, now it's not so much about education, because education is available to
everyone, so we are opening our spectrum up to all of humanity, and not only that, is that
we are, uh, taking the tools, uh, taking the infrastructure away from the governments, and putting
it in the hands of the people, and, um, then the, so then this, this can be organized in
the most efficient manner possible without having the limitations of the systems that are
behind them, and, uh, and then we are also giving a method for philosophers to, to be what
they are without worrying about half, having to, uh, or without worrying about where the
next meal is going to come from, to give them a sense of security, um, towards their passions,
and even though philosophers is my entry point, uh, this should hopefully expand, which, I mean,
if, if things happen in a positive manner, then things will expand, and, and, uh, this is, that
won't apply just to the philosopher, but the science teacher, um, the botanist, and all other
trades can then have the person who is dedicated so much to, uh, to focus on teaching the world
their, their conception of their trade, then, um, or their study, um, then we can all learn
together, so we are opening up the world to a whole range of new possibilities, um, but
we only need to, to, to open source something, we only need to figure out how we're going to
feed our bellies, um, to do that, so when, when people then go in, look at philosophy, or think
of philosophy, or think about doing a philosophy major, if we can make that, and change that to,
you can do something with your life, if you're a philosophy major, um, and you don't need these
qualifications necessarily, because we're giving them elsewhere, but you can be a philosopher, and
make your life into philosophy, uh, following your, your passions, and we should all follow our
passions, and if we all follow our passions, and also do this, we're going to get the people who
care about these subjects the most, um, shining as stars, and directing the way we're going to head
in the future, um, so in the end, this is all, all of these, um, this content is pointing to a
utopian society, and the thing is, is that we're not a utopian society right now, and we were once
no society at all, so we're always going to be somewhere in between an ignorant society, and a
utopian one, where we place ourselves on that scale, is up to us.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



This is USB SuperApp. It's 5.5 volt and it's powered by my computer.
I don't need that light anymore.
These lights are bright.
Greetings everyone. I've had a very very interesting time and I guess we'll talk about that now.
Everything's been going very hectically with this production after I finished it.
But I guess we'll start out with today's date. It's the 10th of March 2012 and it's been over a month of production.
After the last video I spent some time on some dramatizations and I hope you enjoyed those throughout the course.
But I'm in Listmore right now and I'm at the university here and I guess you can maybe guess what I'm doing here.
But we'll get into that a little bit later.
First we got some house cleaning to do from the course.
So I want to just go through some really basic things real quick.
First I made a mockery of Sartres or however you say his name.
Of his being in nothingness. His example about the coffee shop.
So I'll retell that story so you might understand it a little bit better.
I made a mockery of a few things but this one was bad so I thought I would have to correct it.
So the way it works is you have an appointment to see your friend at a certain time.
Let's say 9 o'clock in the morning at a coffee shop.
And then you go to the coffee shop and your friend isn't there.
So you're looking around the coffee shop for your friend but you're actually looking at nothing.
So you sit down and you continue to look at nothing until that something arrives.
And then you get focused to something else and you're again continuing to look at nothing.
But that's the story. I left off the second part of it.
So I hope that I cleared it up. You might have guessed just from the way the story was going.
But I thought I'd clear it up anyway.
I also wanted to clear up about me getting sick two years ago when I lost all that weight.
And what I did to fix that was I went on a liquid diet for three months.
Only liquids. And that was Sustagen. Not sure if you heard of it but that's what it's called.
The Sustagen. And it didn't taste that nice but I got used to it and I kind of liked it.
And it was good not eating. Not having to eat.
Because I didn't really like eating because it wasn't really staying in me.
But now that's fixed. That liquid diet fixed everything.
So I don't know what was wrong with me but what fixed it was a liquid diet.
Okay. I'm going to get a little bit more comfortable because I'm on my knees.
Get on the ground. I'll just lay down.
Get this light.
Okay. So the story of what's been happening in the last three weeks.
I guess that's what you're interested in.
Because I had the production done.
Ready to be uploaded. But just not good enough.
I'll just talk a little bit about the different things that have been happening.
I might. I'm not going to go exactly in order because there's a lot of different things.
But you'll get the gist of everything that's been happening.
So the conversion was a long process.
And I had to worry about syncing the audio.
And sometimes I wasn't able to.
But I tried my best.
And I also had to worry about all those conversions for your audio books, your readings.
And that wasn't exactly easy, especially without the internet.
I had to leech off the internet in front of a house.
And it was slow to get those books.
And I found out in lecture one, I quoted We the Living.
But it was actually Anthem.
Speaking of the right book, I just said the wrong name for it.
We the Living is a good book, too.
Sorry about this light.
Let's see if I can move it.
Okay, here we go.
Another one.
Let me just go.
Okay, I'm in between two lights now.
Okay.
So, um...
I was persecuted a lot because I was looking for internet.
And then people want to know, you know, what do you need internet for?
And people don't think I have anything worth giving just by looking at me.
And, uh...
And misapprehension destroys the world.
And, uh...
And people became very judgmental and hurtful.
And cruel.
And, uh...
One lady blessed my entire body with hot soup.
Um...
So...
I don't know, man.
Um...
Uh...
I'll take it.
I'll take it all.
But there's been a lot of persecution.
Uh...
More persecution than I've ever went through.
And, uh...
But in saying that, I've met some really nice people through the journeys, too.
Um...
So...
I'm getting both sides here.
But...
But the persecution...
The majority are...
Are, uh...
Are very cruel.
And I have...
I've had a lot of, uh...
Violent...
Threats towards my...
My physical body.
And, uh...
And a few death threats.
But, uh...
I guess it comes with the territory of what I'm doing.
And...
My internet...
My phone...
My internet phone that I've been trying to get to work.
I changed the firmware on it and everything like I said I was going to do.
But that still had the same problems.
And I found out that it's actually a hardware issue with the phone.
Uh...
So...
I had to wait until I got paid and I got another phone.
And now I got one that I really like.
It was cheap, too.
But it was, uh...
It was a really good phone.
Um...
And...
That's how I've been uploading all this content.
Because I couldn't find anyone to help me upload it.
Um...
Even though there's a town full of people with fast internet.
Uh...
No one was interested...
In...
In helping me get my hands on that.
But...
I managed in the end and I don't have to rely on anybody.
So that's good.
And now I got internet.
And it feels so good having internet again.
It went a while.
It went quite a while without internet.
So, um...
And it's...
And it's not too slow, too.
I mean, it takes...
It took...
It's like a four...
It's been a four day process to upload all this.
But...
Uh...
Maybe...
Yeah.
About a four day process.
Um...
But...
It hasn't been too bad.
You know.
Like one video might...
Might take...
250 minutes or something.
300 minutes maybe.
Uh...
Sometimes...
Depending on the size.
It all depends on the size.
Except if it's like...
Over 400 megabytes.
I'm looking at 250 or 300.
Uh...
Uh...
Sometimes...
Depending on the size.
It all depends on the size.
Except if it's like...
Over 400 megabytes.
I'm looking at 250 or 300.
And...
50...
Uh...
Minutes.
For it to upload.
And I've checked through all the videos.
And I think they're...
They're pretty good.
I mean, there's...
There is faults.
There are some errors.
But you get that with everything.
And I guess that's part of, uh...
The...
Individuality in our humankind.
Is...
Is these faults.
And, uh...
And these faults make it beautiful.
In it's own unique way.
Because if it...
If it was perfect.
Then where...
Where would the, uh...
Where would the fun be in that?
These faults make...
Make the individuality of...
Of whatever we do.
Um...
But we can do what we can to make them better next time.
Okay.
So...
I had...
I was gonna...
I wasn't sure where to go.
Because I just needed to upload it.
After I uploaded it.
I didn't care where I was.
Um...
But...
And so I've been doing a lot of thinking about what the next step is.
And I went to two different friends.
And asked if they wanted me to visit them.
And I could have done it then.
And it would have been good.
Because I would have felt safe there.
Because I didn't feel safe where I was.
Um...
But...
From all the persecution.
And it...
And there was some stuff that was going down that wasn't, uh...
That wasn't good.
So, uh...
I needed to get out of there.
And I have now.
Um...
Um...
But still there's good with bad.
There's good with bad.
Um...
So I went to Listmore and that's about 45 minutes, an hour away from Nimbin.
Um...
Quite a lot different too.
Uh...
But...
But, yeah, the friends that I went to, like I was saying about the friends, is they weren't interested in me visiting.
So I thought that was kind of sad, but I've got to look towards the future.
If these friends aren't too interested in having me in their lives anymore, then that's their choice, and I'm okay with that.
Yeah, so Lismore is, I'm at the university there.
It's called Southern Cross, and you saw that at the beginning.
It's a beautiful university.
I'll get up and walk around.
I'll show you a little bit of it in a little bit.
But it's small, and most of the people here are really friendly.
I haven't been, I mean, there hasn't been much persecution going on here, so it's good.
But in saying that, everybody's still asleep, and everybody's stuck in themselves, and everything they're doing is for themselves, from what I can see.
But let's try to wake them up, and that's what I'm here for.
And I might be here between a week, sorry, two weeks to maybe a semester.
So I might be here for up to three months.
It really depends on my studies, and I'll talk about that in a little bit.
But my payment from the government was suspended because they thought that I wasn't studying.
They thought that I wasn't enrolled.
It was a mistake in their system.
But it caused me to be without money for five days, and actually because I'm only going to get paid once a fortnight, it turned out to be like 20 days without a paycheck.
And that was really hard, but I ended up being able to get some food from some generous people that were aware of their mistake.
It's a company, though, not individuals.
And I think it's sad that individuals won't.
But I'll take what I can get.
It's $30 worth of food, and $30 worth of food for me is a lot of food because I buy the cheap stuff, and I still got lots of it.
Stuff like lima beans, dried lima beans, and lentils, and rice, and I got all that.
So that's good.
But I've been eating a lot lately because I've been preparing for this journey.
And I usually do that before I go on a big journey.
I'll eat a lot.
And I'm going to slow down eating now because I'm a little bit settled.
Sort of, I guess.
I'll talk to you about that soon.
But, um, so food has been all right.
There was like three or four days that I didn't have any food at all.
Um, but I got, I had a lot of food after that.
So, uh, so it wasn't too bad.
Um, picking up cigarette butts off the ground.
Healthy cigarette butts.
Um, and putting that in a tobacco pipe.
Or a pipe.
Just a pipe.
And smoking the tobacco.
And, uh, I probably should have just quit.
It's such a bad habit.
But, uh, this is my only vice.
That stupid tobacco.
It's not only that it cost me money.
That, uh, that's significant.
Anyways.
But, um, my mp3 player, which also does the recordings for my articles, the voice recordings, that broke.
But I already recorded the Mark of Humanity.
So, that was okay.
It wasn't too much of a problem.
So, um, it would have been frustrating if, if, uh, I hadn't have recorded the Mark of Humanity.
Um, but I did.
So, no, it didn't matter.
And, um, it, it rained a lot.
And my, my computer's been getting a little bit wet here and there.
And, you know, how I was saying the keyboard and, and the mouse was acting wrong.
Uh, it started, it died.
Like, uh, so, there's a heap of keys that don't work.
Mainly the M and the space bar don't work.
And the control, left control, Windows key, and I think alternate doesn't work.
Uh, so, I, I've been using a software keyboard.
To do all this, um, to upload all this and write all the descriptions.
Which has been a pain.
So, I, like, type a little bit and then have to click M.
Type a little bit, uh, type a little bit more space.
Type a little bit space.
M.
Space.
It's been interesting.
Uh, but I've just, today, um, purchased a keyboard online.
And that only cost me $30.
So, that was good.
And, I'll replace that once I get it.
Uh, as far as power, the uni has power everywhere.
The university here has power everywhere.
So, I haven't had any troubles with power.
I don't even really worry about it now.
Um, but I do have all my systems ready to go now.
As far as my solar roof, my battery, and my, um, my devices, and all the hookups, and everything.
It's all ready to go.
Uh, so, but I don't really need it right now.
But I will later.
Because I'm not in the wilderness.
Um, and unfortunately, there's not really much wilderness around here.
Uh, not really any deep wilderness.
It's just little spits of it.
Um, and that's not very good, because usually people can see through the entire area, and I don't want to be in there.
Um, I'm, I'm doing it to get away, you know, to get away from sight.
But, you can only do, you can only work with what you have.
And that's kind of annoying, too, because being homeless, you know, uh, you're always in sight.
And I'll talk about that in a little bit.
But, uh, oh yes, study, study's been interesting, because I, I was a week and a half into my semester, and I didn't realize it.
I thought it was starting, like, two weeks later than it was, so I was late.
But I had to finish this production.
So I, I did both a little bit, but I, I still got a lot more to do on study.
But the way that I see it is I study with all my time anyway.
So I'll catch up very, very quickly, right after I finish uploading all this.
So, actually, right after this video, and then I'll upload the last video, which I did, um, maybe a week ago, or a little bit less than a week ago.
Maybe like five days ago or something.
Um, then I'll, I'll start studying, and I'll just study hard.
I'll read a whole book this weekend.
I'll read my whole, um, sociology book.
Uh, the research one.
I'm doing research, intro, and, and health and society.
Um, and they're all interesting units.
Uh, but, so that's my study.
I'm, I'm late.
I'm, I'm almost four weeks into the semester now.
Uh, and, uh, I really gotta buckle down.
Uh, but, but also I've been going through all this, you know, persecution, and, and, uh, traveling.
And it's been a lot.
So I'm trying to get situated.
And I don't have a place to stay.
I just go from place to place.
Um, and that makes it a little bit difficult, too.
Uh, because there's no wilderness.
And I miss the wilderness.
But this is part of my journey.
And I'll talk about that later, though.
Um, so I managed to get a locker here.
The, uh, the student services are really friendly.
They're really nice here.
And, uh, they, they sorted me out with a locker.
Which I had a locker in Ballarat University when I was there, too.
Uh, but not just that.
In the, the, my big bag, the really big bag, um, 35 kilo bag that I have.
That, they keep that in the student services area.
They call it Lexus.
And, um, that's really nice of them.
And they, they find me interesting.
Uh, they, they seem to find me interesting being a wandering, wandering philosopher.
Uh, so when, when people let their guard down and, and are ready to, to question things,
uh, what they, their preconceptions, uh, that's when people easily open up their hearts to me.
And, and it really makes me feel good when, uh, when people accept me for who I am.
Instead of trying to box me into some, some other thing that they have thought me into being.
From, um, I guess their, I guess their perceptions of people and how they think people should be.
Um, as far as, I, I got a library.
I, I, I got my, my Murdoch card now is set up with the library here.
Uh, and that's good.
Um, the, I don't have access to the facilities yet, but I will shortly.
Maybe Monday, uh, I'll get access to the facilities.
Uh, so, the, but that, but that, the only way that hurts is the computer lab and, uh, and at night the bathrooms.
Um, but I don't really care about those either.
Uh, so it's not, it's not really hurting me not having access to those, but I will get that soon.
I just had to have a proof of enrollment sent to, to, uh, Southern Cross, which is, I have it now, and they're just going to be closed over the weekend.
So, um, my back's been sore because I went, you know, three days traveling with a bag, um, walking most of, a lot of it, most of it, uh, a big bag.
But, you know, that happens every time I travel.
So, I'm not too concerned.
And I always get fit, you know, I'm really fit.
I'm fit.
I'm really fit.
Uh, and, you know, you can see it, uh, after I do traveling like this.
Um, so that's, that's cool.
And, um, as far as the security here, the security doesn't like me.
Uh, or, I'll, I'll tell you what happened at first.
There's two, two security officers, officers that had a talk to me.
Um, the first one, a talk, a scold.
Um, the first one, uh, you know, it was, it said, you're, you're in the dark and you're, uh, and you're being suspicious, blah, blah, blah.
And it's like, well, what, I, I argue with him so much.
Because he, I mean, I did security for two years and I, he was talking hot air and I caught him out on everyone.
Um, and he ended up just saying, I don't have time to argue and walking away.
But I kept on, he was like, he kept on, he kept on keeping me there.
So it's like, well, what do you want me to do?
Um, I'll do what you want.
And then he, then he threatened to call the police.
And I said, okay, let's go, let's do it.
And then he backed away.
And then he, uh, and then he threatened to, uh, kick me off the campus.
I said, okay, let's do it.
And then he backed away.
And it was really funny.
But then another security officer came and he was a bit aggressive.
But then, um, but then after talking to me or arguing with me for about 10 minutes,
then he decided to step back and look, look at what he was dealing with.
And, uh, and he, he's, he's cool.
We, we, uh, it was good seeing him back away and then say, hey, wait, I'm dealing with something else here.
Uh, because I'm not, I'm not the typical person.
And when, when people realize that and they realize what type of person I am, everything changes.
Uh, that realization moment, the light bulb, that's, that's, uh, that's what I love.
I love that moment myself and I love seeing it in other people.
So, yeah, that was good.
Um, I guess at, at uni, uh, here, my laptop was being charged and one of the students tripped on it and slammed my laptop to the ground.
Pshh.
Um, and turned it off and everything and it wouldn't come back on for a while.
Uh, but, uh, it did come back on and it all seems to work.
It's just the case is all screwed up now.
Uh, but I don't really care.
Like, when it happened, I was like, aw, well, that's kind of annoying because I can't upload my stuff then.
But then it worked, so it was alright.
Uh, and I was like halfway, or not even quite halfway up, uploading my stuff.
But, uh, yeah, that was interesting.
This baby's getting, been, been getting beaten up, you know, uh, all the rain and, uh, and beatings has been taken.
So, I don't know, I'm happy with her.
She's done well over, over this production.
Um, as far as the, oh, oh yeah, I'll tell you this.
Um, when, when I was heavily being persecuted in Nimbin, um, I, I had an infestation of something.
I don't know what it was, um, but it would have been probably a bug of some type.
But it wasn't visible.
It would have been too small.
And somehow they got in my pants and, uh, and bit me everywhere, um, around the groin, not on it.
But, uh, and then those bites swole up really big.
And they were itching so much.
They itched so much.
I tried so hard not to itch them.
But when I itched them, they made them feel so much better.
But then if I itched them too much, they would turn, like, boil-like.
And it was really bad.
So, uh, and I hate Western medicine.
I'm scared of doctors and, and the whole system.
But I went to the hospital and they gave me, uh, they, they looked it out.
And I checked it out and, uh, ended up get, deciding to give me an antihistamine.
And, uh, and that, after, you know, three or four days, it seemed to, seemed to do the trick.
Um, so those are, are gone, um, are going away for the most part.
Uh, I don't know what bug that was.
A doctor said he's seen stuff like this from, um, from larvae of ticks.
And, uh, and it could have been larvae of mosquitoes or, or it could have been anything.
He said it could have been a lot of different bugs.
But, um, and it's interesting, though, how they bit and they didn't make me, I mean, all, there's lots and lots of bites all over.
And, uh, and I didn't even notice until they started to itch.
So, whatever it was, it didn't, it didn't really hurt.
Um, and it, it wasn't just in that area.
There was little, few bits, you know, here and there around, like, one was on my foot and it's still there.
And, uh, but that popped and became a bad blister.
Um, but most, there's only a few that became blisters out of that, uh, or, or boils, or I don't even know what they're called.
But, but they're going away.
They're all healing now.
I'm not in the, I'm not in the bush anymore.
Uh, I was.
I'll tell you about that soon, though.
Um, but, uh, yeah, I've been traveling, uh, a lot, and, uh, towards the end of the travel, oh, yeah, yeah, it rained a lot of that, so I was soaked for a lot of the travel.
Um, and when you're trekking through the bush and everything around you's soaked, um, it's, it's quite annoying.
Um, but I, most of my clothes that I had are waterproof.
Um, just waterproof socks would have made it a lot better, which, um, I'll get those within, you know, a month or two.
But I don't need them right now.
Um, uh, oh, and I haven't been sleeping much, and I haven't actually slept the last, uh, five days, um, besides maybe, like, one or two cat naps, maybe, maybe two, yeah, about two cat naps, um, like, you know, between 10 and 30 minutes is around there, each one of them.
Um, and, uh, and, uh, that's sort of because I don't have a place that I can just, you know, lay my head and, and conk out for an hour or two, uh, which is kind of annoying, but it doesn't matter.
It's, it's all good.
Um, I'm existing happily on the lack of sleep that I'm on right now, so it's okay.
And I'll just keep walking around and studying or, and doing things, you know.
I got a lot of seconds here to utilize.
Um, oh yeah, the first night was kind of rough because when I first got into uni, um, it was kind of abandoned, and I didn't know what to expect.
I didn't know, um, the area.
Um, so, um, so what I did was I just went into one of the bushes there that was really dark, and, uh, and there's a lot of mosquitoes, and I didn't want to attract attention, so I didn't put up a tent or anything.
Um, and after, so that night, the, the mosquitoes got me really bad, and it was annoying, but, but I had good clothes, so I survived.
It was pretty rough there, um, I like being a bit more comfortable than that, uh, and then, like, like I said, didn't get any sleep, but, uh, now, you know, and I guess, I don't know, the security don't touch me.
So I can just sort of walk around, do, do what I need to do, but I'm always studying, so I mean, what are they going to do? I'm at a university studying, and they had a 24-hour facility, so why not, you know?
And I'm a student, so I can, I should be able to study 24 hours if I want, and, uh, I don't know, they don't like me walking around, though, but I love walking around.
I mean, I, I, I observe, and learn, and take in everything I can, um, yeah, but through this journey, I mean, I'm not gonna lie, the last, like, two and a half weeks has been rough, it's been really hard, um, but I've kept high spirits at each step of the way.
And, uh, I, I usually go, you know, why God, you know, why all this, why, why, why, and, and, um, you know, make a, I complain, I complain a lot, I complain a lot to my master.
Um, but this, this time, I didn't, you know, I, I said, I said the night before, I said, give me a good day to travel on, and then, uh, and then I thought about it, and I was like, why do I want a good day to travel on?
Um, what, what, what, what does it matter? I'm doing all this for God anyway, so, uh, what is a good day to travel? Um, gonna make a difference to anything.
And I said, I'll, I'll take that back, just give me whatever you want to give me.
And, uh, I got a rainy day. And it was hard packing up a tent, I hate packing up a tent when it's rainy, because then you can't clean it well, and it's, everything gets wet, it's all muddy, but, you know, you, you do it, um, and your hands get all dirty, and it's hard to get off, but that's, that's part of it.
Uh, uh, okay, so, uh, what I am actually, I've just purchased it, it's, it was only cheap, it's only like $35, but it's a, uh, it's called a, a body bag, it's called a body bag, and it's this big bag that you crawl into,
and, uh, and it packs up very, very tight, so, I can just keep a little shelter to get into at any time that I want, and, uh, it's orange, but I'm gonna make it into camouflage,
uh, but that's, that's gonna be a cool little shelter, so, instead of being limited to where I can put a tent, I can just, you know, crash anywhere, and I'm getting to the point where I'm not concerned about things like a pillow, or covers, or blankets, you know, any of that sort of stuff,
stuff, so, I'm pretty happy just pulling out a bag, getting into it, and just, wherever I am, you know, just going to sleep, I mean, somewhere where people can't see, and then you make it camouflage,
and it'd be good, and, uh, you know, I only need a few hours, and then hop out, and then back to life, and that'd be cool, but, yeah, that's been, you know, some of my journey, um, but, I've, I sort of, have been led to,
hop around universities now, and, uh, start this reformation, start this education reformation, uh, I probably should've got you a color copy, but, this is just what I have on me,
and I didn't even think about showing it until now, but, uh, it's something I made, and I, I have black and white copies for people, and I color, color copies for, like, posters, and stuff like that,
but, we need to get this education reformation happening, so, that, that's, I've been handing that out, and, I've been putting that out, and, you know, most people know, what I'm doing, or a lot of people know what I'm doing,
but, it's interesting, too, how people just don't look, if you're not asking for money, people don't think it's worth, worrying about, okay, let's get up,
yeah, and that's kind of sad, because I don't want anybody's money, I'm not trying to,
pull people, people's money out of their pocket, and I think it's sad how we live in a society, that, that does just that, um,
and, and make, this makes people question, whenever someone's saying they don't want your money, then these, these people automatically think, oh, this is, this is a, this is just a way to get their money, somehow,
another method, whether it's, like, free, or, free, and, and my course is free, like, I tell you, that, if you don't, if you have any reservations about donating, I don't want you to donate to me,
um, I think, I think, I think the people that would really like to donate to me will end up, um, being enough for me to, to buy my food, my cheap food that I, that I eat, and, uh, that's all, that's all I really need, and that's, and I'm happy with that,
so, I'm not, I'm not asking for money, and people are a bit weird about that, and once, but people are realizing, but a lot of people don't want to talk about these subjects,
and a lot of people think they know about these subjects already, but they don't want to talk about it, because it's useless, or there's no way to put it in practice, and, there is, there is, but, uh,
there's so many people I talked to, and they said, no, I already know it all, and, it's like, how, how can you know it all, and I'm like, you think you know it all, you don't know it all,
and, uh, they're like, no, no, no, I know it all, and, uh, you, you have nothing you could share with me that would be worth any, worth any value,
but, I mean, it not really in Listmore, Listmore's not really like that, but Nim Nim was,
um, my hair's looking kind of terrible, I should probably cut it, my little scissors, my little multi-tool scissors,
okay, but, um, I think, this, what I see, you know, it appears that everybody is stuck in their own existence,
they're, they're living their life, and, they're forgetting the whole, and, they're forgetting the important things,
by getting obsessed about these little details, and, just something, you know, that, that's been pushing on my heart to say,
on one of these videos, is that, the, the existence that you, have come to know,
is not the existence, which you live within, so,
what you have come to know, is not how the world is, it is not how,
you are in the world, or you exist within the world, it is how you are assuming that you are within the world,
so, you, to live outside of yourself, then, to learn how to step back,
and look at what is truly being said, that is, then, in my subjective interpretation,
living in God, and, when we do this, we can start to see true value,
in, in, both human relationships, and, the betterment, of, of those, of those human relationships,
and, we, to, to learn, to step outside the self,
and, look at, your, experience, objectively,
and, actively, so, while it is happening,
put you in an entirely, a different situation,
and, the words, a reflected life,
is, a different situation,
to a non-reflected one,
or, a reflected situation, is a different situation,
to a non-reflected one,
cannot be truer,
and, if we can, actively, reflect, on these situations,
then, we can,
in, most cases,
if we learn how to do it,
in, most cases, we can go beyond,
the self,
and, by going beyond the self,
we're, we're becoming the best people,
that we can, possibly be,
because, we're looking at the whole,
we're no longer looking at,
our selfish characteristics,
um, and those don't,
those,
investments into those selfish characteristics,
don't become,
a problem,
which, if we look at it,
objectively,
these selfish characteristics,
are the problem,
so, when we learn to,
work these problems out,
everything else aligns,
okay, um,
I guess, for,
universities,
um, I'm just gonna be,
hopping from university to university,
trying to integrate,
myself to some degree,
to make it known,
by at least,
a,
good portion,
of,
the students,
who I am,
and what I represent,
uh,
is,
I guess,
the,
task,
that,
I have taken on,
and,
so far,
it's working beautifully,
I think,
if I was in a bigger university,
it wouldn't so much,
but,
in saying that,
the university I am in,
doesn't have a proper,
humanities department,
so,
there's not a lot of people,
that are,
compassionate about these subjects,
or,
sorry,
even passionate,
passionate about these subjects,
um,
because they're all doing,
other things,
but,
in saying that,
these other things relate,
in so many different ways,
uh,
and are very,
vitally important,
uh,
but,
they,
they're only,
only looking at the one thing,
uh,
and they're missing a lot,
so,
for example,
education is taught here,
yet,
they don't,
the,
the,
the,
most of the people I've been talking to about education,
haven't even thought about,
this online learning thing,
or as in,
the way that I have been,
uh,
doing it,
or,
uh,
uh,
for,
free,
free as well,
they haven't even thought about these things,
and,
uh,
it's interesting,
talking to these things about,
uh,
with,
with these,
um,
students of,
education,
or,
even music,
and,
I mean,
there's a lot of different,
uh,
topics that,
are,
are good,
that they,
they do here,
but not really,
the topics that,
I'm into,
um,
I mean,
except education,
but my views on education,
are entirely different,
than what they,
they teach at any university,
but,
you,
you're welcome to join me in this task,
um,
I'm happy to have as many people as I can along in this journey,
um,
or you can go find your own task,
uh,
find,
find what your life destiny is,
and,
and start it,
and hop around from,
university,
to university,
with your own project,
uh,
well,
what do you,
what do you see in the world,
that you don't like,
what do you see in the world,
that you could think,
could be better,
I mean,
I've been thinking about these topics,
for a long time,
and,
eventually,
you start to learn,
and,
there's not many people that,
most of the people say,
this world is screwed,
um,
not gonna think about it,
because thinking about it too much,
um,
only hurt your head,
because no one person,
can change the world,
and that's a lie,
that is,
that is,
bull crap that people say,
because,
they,
feel,
that it would be too much work,
to,
carry out,
but,
you know,
you gotta do it,
you gotta do it,
you gotta,
carry out your destiny,
don't be Jonah,
don't be Jonah,
who remember lecture one,
okay,
I want to dedicate,
this entire,
production,
to you,
and that is,
the you that has,
come to this,
video,
and,
that means that you,
completed the entire course,
and,
this is dedicated to you,
because,
I do really appreciate,
that you,
you took your time,
actually,
to look at these subjects,
in a detailed,
fashion,
and,
that means a lot to me,
because,
uh,
you know,
most people won't give,
these topics,
a time of day,
at all,
and,
what I'll find,
and what I have been finding,
what I've always found,
is,
is people might read,
a tiny bit,
of what I write,
and then make their judgments,
or,
or,
they're gonna,
watch half a lecture,
or a quarter of a lecture,
and think they know,
what it's all about,
but they wouldn't,
but,
that's,
how a lot of people,
make their judgments,
and,
uh,
that's,
that's not,
though,
that's not an effective way,
to make your judgments,
um,
so,
you're,
you're,
this,
this entire thing,
is dedicated to you,
the entire production,
is dedicated to you,
the one that finished the course,
and,
I really appreciate that,
it's like when you read,
an author's writings,
you honor the author,
and,
uh,
you honor me,
by taking this course,
and I do appreciate you doing that,
okay,
so,
um,
I do want to say,
that I'm here to talk,
if you want to talk about,
anything at all,
anything that's,
uh,
pressing to your heart,
and you think that,
speaking to me,
might help,
with it,
um,
I'll,
I'll try to,
try to help you,
as much as I can,
with whatever,
uh,
we could just,
talk about,
things in life,
I mean,
we don't have to talk about,
problems,
we can,
just whatever you want to talk about,
um,
I'm happy,
to be here,
uh,
a lot of people don't,
care for the advice,
that I give,
because,
my advice,
is,
what you should do,
but,
what you should do,
is usually,
a difficult road,
and,
uh,
the direction,
that you should go,
because I don't,
I don't tell you,
what you should do,
but,
but the direction,
that you should go,
and,
in this direction,
though,
is,
uh,
is not,
not an easy thing,
and,
uh,
once we,
once we push ourselves,
to,
to get there,
then,
and learn it,
you know,
then,
it becomes easier,
um,
but,
there are no easy fixes,
and,
uh,
we do have to work,
to get,
to get anything healthy done,
and,
if you don't,
want to work for it,
then you're,
starting to create,
more unhealthy traits,
and we don't need more people,
um,
in this world,
with unhealthy traits,
so,
I'm here for anybody,
um,
and that means you too,
so,
um,
if you want to talk,
then,
then I'm here,
and,
uh,
the future,
my future,
my,
uh,
my near future,
I gotta study,
I gotta study my butt off,
um,
but I'll catch up,
and,
all depending on when I,
do catch up,
then that's,
um,
going to,
depend on,
how long I stay,
in Lismore for,
and if I catch up,
within a few weeks,
I might be out of Lismore,
quite quickly,
and on to,
another university,
I haven't decided,
that the next step yet,
I was just going to start,
with Lismore,
and then see what happens,
um,
but it'll probably be,
in Queensland,
uh,
maybe the Gold Coast,
I'm not too sure,
but there's a lot around,
I mean,
I could even go to Sydney,
I could go back to Melbourne,
to the University of Melbourne,
I don't know,
but that wasn't very good,
I've been there before,
and tried that,
and,
I don't know,
we'll,
we'll find out,
I'll,
I'll follow,
in the direction,
that,
uh,
that,
from the light,
that I find,
from,
I'll keep following that light,
and see where that light,
guides me,
uh,
and,
I'm going to be,
doing,
developmental learning,
which,
is the next course,
and that's what you can look forward to,
is developmental learning,
and,
uh,
that'll be fun,
but,
to be honest,
there is a few things,
that I know about,
but I need to learn,
in further detail,
to,
bring you the quality,
that I want,
it's things that I figured out,
the,
methods,
with,
uh,
to overcome,
without,
completely,
entirely understanding,
the,
theory,
behind it,
so now I need to go back,
and touch up,
on some of my theory,
and,
uh,
but,
I mean,
it's not much,
I mean,
most of the course,
is,
is in my head,
to,
not the structure,
the structure's not 100% yet,
but,
uh,
I'm just gonna let it develop,
you know,
develop in my head,
write down notes on it,
here and there,
and maybe build a structure,
and,
uh,
depending on,
how I get inspired,
and how far back,
how far behind,
in my studies I am,
um,
um,
will depend on,
when you receive this content,
um,
it took me longer,
than I thought it would,
to do this entire production,
I mean,
it's about,
it's over a month,
um,
and I've been working on it,
you know,
day in,
day out,
night in,
night out,
so,
it's been a lot of work,
and it's all been done by me,
I mean,
everything you're getting,
is directly from,
me,
um,
as far as how I have to,
to do all the work,
to get it to you,
so,
it's,
it's taken a long time,
and I,
I thought,
you know,
oh,
I could say three months,
and that should be saved,
but,
considering the amount of time,
that the production process,
took,
I'm not really sure,
if I can say three months,
but,
you should get it soon,
that's all I can really tell you,
is that you should get it soon,
and maybe four or five months,
sounds a little bit more realistic,
um,
if we,
and even,
and in five months,
I'll be on another break,
and,
but I might be in,
at another university by then,
and if I am,
then I'm,
not sure,
what,
you know,
what position I'm gonna be in,
but,
I'll,
you know,
let things come,
come and sort themselves out,
and you will get this shortly,
so,
um,
it's not gonna be a long time,
uh,
but this,
this will be a good con,
uh,
course to,
to learn how,
learn the specifics,
of how you see the world,
how you sense the world,
like,
from all your senses,
um,
and how you can use those senses,
in unison,
to develop your own mind,
to then develop methods,
to carry out the difficult tasks,
that you have in life,
and,
uh,
so,
I mean,
we've taught,
we touched on these things,
I mean,
these,
and these themes have been,
repeated throughout this video,
throughout this course,
but,
this is going to go,
in much more detail,
on the details here,
um,
and,
and more help you,
get,
to,
put in these,
these,
this theory,
into practice,
and be able to do it,
without,
me,
sending it to you,
or,
or,
and,
and,
they'll be developing,
different,
uh,
parts of your mind,
to then,
develop itself,
and,
it's,
I'm not going to be just talking about,
mind too,
it's going to be,
talking about,
developing the body,
too,
and,
and,
the soul,
as well,
but,
I mean,
you can take or leave that,
depending on how you feel about the soul,
but,
if you just,
consider what I'm saying,
then maybe you could,
understand things,
on a higher level,
and it's coarse,
metaphorical,
we live in a world of metaphors,
we live in a world of shadows,
and if you cannot see that,
then you have no relation,
or understanding,
of your own existence,
so,
these,
these,
things should be really considered,
and,
when we take these,
these metaphors out of context,
then we can create,
hardships,
and,
and,
misunderstandings,
and difficulties,
and we,
become sinful,
and,
and we do that by,
becoming malicious,
and,
and,
jealous,
and,
prideful,
and arrogant,
et cetera,
but,
that's,
that's everything,
um,
that's the making of this course,
and,
I can't tell you how much,
it's been good to get,
the internet again,
um,
now I got the internet on my phone,
and I got a phone I really like,
so,
uh,
that's cool,
and,
I hope you like this last video too,
I'll be uploading that,
um,
right after I upload this video,
so,
uh,
for the last time,
in this course,
stay safe,
and God bless.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



My name is Wendell Charles NeSmith, which means strange, wandering, free man. I guess it's my
nature. I am homeless and jump from population to population, culture to culture, sea to sea,
land to land, country to country, city to city, town to town, village to village, but ultimately
wilderness to wilderness. Each step of the way is in search for the right people that will help me
develop into the best person that I can be while I also return the favor. I live in a state of
constant persecution and rejection, all the while holding a plate of full-time study, financial
hardships, and lack of basic necessities. Every distance traveled brings new people into my
life who will most likely eventually reject me due to their inability to step back and
consider what I am truly saying. The struggle to form close relationships because of my search
for the divine leaves me feeling the cold current beneath my toes. Not a journey has passed that
I have not seriously considered ending my own life. But as time goes by, the friends and family
that have been left behind due to their untreatable solid stance in ignorance results me in the ever-sharpening
blade of perfection. The rejection passes and the friends that stay around become the ones that are the best
ones possible for the development of my body, my mind, and my spirit. The search from the self to the divine
creation slowly manifests itself in my life over time as a result of the strife towards its divinity. I study the world and how I am best to interact with it, not excluding social relationships.
I see the hardships and the cruelty in the world and pick up on patterns and analyze those patterns in attempts to understand why these negative characteristics manifest themselves in people.
I then analyze my own psychology and create personal methodologies to breed these unhealthy traits out of myself.
I then create forms of media distribution to relate to my fellow human how they too can escape their sins.
I then sit back and watch as the results of my fruits help me find the roots within the individuals that should accompany me in this life.
The ones that stay around are the ones that have come to the realization that every second of my existence is given to the betterment of this glorious species.
Ultimately, those who refuse to see me as Wendell the philosopher and instead paint their representation as Wendell the crazy are the ones who leave my life.
And despite its painful rejection, compassion for their insanity burdens my heart and I am given even more reason to dedicate my life to them.
This is my life.
This is my philosophy.
This is the highest that I could reach at this particular moment.
But forever will I try and reach higher for the limits of my experience are continually developing.
All this, my fellow human sufferer, is my love to share with you.
If you feel the same, then let us come together and walk the path of life towards controlling and directing the manifestations of our conditions.
For in every receiving is a giving, thus our obligation to make our kind grow and in turn sustain life.
Let us throw down our weapons and unite so that we may fully actualize the potential of our grand species.
If we only learn to leave our prejudices behind, then we may come to know how truly blessed creatures we are.
When ones with like minds come together with an ideal, that ideal manifests itself in the world.
It is about time that a new ideal arose to dominate all the sickness of our past mistakes.
What we make this ideal to be will set the course in the present and ultimately the future of human existence.
Let us unite our spirits so that everything else will automatically align itself.
Living the good life is contrary to merely living a life.
Will you take my hand?
Shall we wait for the sun to come back out together?
The end.
THE END
OR IS IT
Thank you.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



The Mark of Humanity by Wendell Charles NeSmith, February 2012
In the beginning God brought about all things and cast a conscious self-awareness within Adam and Eve, and it was good.
God was made known to them through their environment, for they saw that all the individual details acted as representations of their origin.
As the ideal couple develops through the joys of life, they become enticed by the conception of existing in the same nature as God.
They examined their psychology and made the necessary arrangements in order to achieve this divine nature.
Ignorant to them was the ramifications of their actions.
The causal chain fell upon them, and they became naked.
God had given humans everything they wanted, including the ability to become it, that is, to live in its nature.
The hardships of the struggle to actualize God-like characteristics overwhelmed the newly formed self-awareness.
Thus it became a struggle to align themselves with the psychology in which they modified.
The growing burdens of the world crashes down upon them, and they die.
History has lived the consequences of their choices, and we will soon not forget the virtues of their actions.
For they paved the way for humankind to take our place on the throne as the demigods that we are.
And if our follies destroy us before we get there, then humankind would have proven its unworthiness for its bestowed honor.
As the original man had not the facilities for understanding, they employed the use of tools in their strife towards the divine.
They learned to effectively communicate with each other and their environment.
They learned to create methods for conveying meaning by utilizing the planet's resources.
Ideals passed through the generations, and the ones with solid foundations outlasted any sword.
Ideals are passed by written communication through a medium such as scrolls, animal skins, tablets, and the like.
These ideals were preserved, but exclusively available to the educated, wealthy, and powerful.
The printing press is then invented in the scope of education spectrums.
We then develop wonderful new technology as a result of these methods of media distribution.
The golden age results from a careful analysis of our psychology in an attempt to articulate the abstraction.
Computers are born and act as a basic representation of its human creator.
Human memory looks into the mirror and electronic storage is discovered.
The technology develops and copious amounts of information becomes portable.
These computers naturally evolved to become like their creator and network themselves together.
This then brings about computer networking data centers that enable any desired resource to be at every human's fingertips
with the use of any portable or fixed communication device.
The toils of Adam and Eve and their descendants is near its realization.
The history of man had to actualize itself through a long process of suffering.
It had to overcome its physical and mental hardships.
It had to create the required technology to effectively retrain its own psychology towards healthy methods of mental distribution.
The internet unlocks our shackles and manifests a moral responsibility on everyone.
The path of ignorance will show itself for its superfluous qualities and one will be in common understanding
to realize that the reason for all errors in judgment is only a result of a learning process
or sheer laziness to educate oneself.
No longer will the government rule our education and we the people will teach each other.
When vast ranges of university-grade educations are obtainable through easy, popular, and free methods of distribution over the internet,
the seekers of the world have the necessary means to achieve an infinite spectrum of potential.
When one is given a mind to fill which has no observable limits,
the blank slate is transformed into a life sculpture.
The potential individuality of the creator that creates their own mind
has the potential to achieve god-like characteristics.
The day will come upon us when the merit of each individual is no longer assessed by their status in society,
currency in their bank, or qualifications accumulated,
but instead through the character and abilities in which they possess.
When we form ourselves into what we are from ourselves as a result of the external in which guides our passions,
we align ourselves with God.
And from the creations of mankind will come great things that represent our divine image.
With such power comes great responsibility,
and we must carefully consider how such involvements could result.
We are nearing the end of our poisoned fruit,
and the future of our race's quality and longevity will come into question.
The collective result of our answers to our problems will determine the possibility of continued existence.
Judgment Day will come upon us,
and we will have to pay for the consequences of our actions.
Evolution will inquire into our overall well-being,
and we must answer honestly.
The turn from the phenomena of the world into the psychology of the sufferer
has given our kind the tools to overcome our mundane.
Asceticism has crafted mankind an adaptable mold to go beyond their physical and mental limitations.
When we prepare the body and mind for any conditions,
the mind lets go of needing anything.
And when the finer things in life make their way to us,
those things are realized and appreciated for their true value.
The continual need for this and that keeps us shackled to our turmoil.
Thus, to live in the moment without any needs opens up the true scope of our freedom,
and we escape our constant clinging.
When we come to understand suffering as the wise teacher that it is,
our disdain for it will fade into the background.
For this or that pain is only an experience and not part of us.
We suffer when we identify pain as belonging to us.
We are not our sufferings.
We are presented direction to transcend our despair
through a welcoming adaptation of all that is presented to us.
In acceptance of what is,
we open our eyes to what we truly have.
When an individual immerses themselves into the safety of the collective identity of society,
they become vulnerable to being manipulated by it.
The atrocities of our past massacres paint this image
and calls into question whether one can claim to be
good while allowing such events to unfold.
As a learned individual who is skilled in the art of rhetoric,
paints their picture on the world,
the creation resembles its origin.
The darkness in which we cast within our souls
will manifest itself in our character and environment.
The only way to overcome such things
is through individual action,
welcoming all persecution,
subjugation,
and oppression that it incurs.
Let us breed Hitler out of our genes.
Our distorted and abused understanding of the term belief
has caused much suffering over the course of our human history.
A simple modification of the term to not identify oneself within,
but instead demonstrate a degree of inclination towards,
without limiting the scope of,
could solve many of our irrelevant disputes.
But can a horse be a man?
Our identification of the self is not in this or that,
but instead a disconnectedness towards the one.
The entire philosophical and religious scope of our human history
has been in the process of coming to its realization.
Significant developments can be seen,
and our human consciousness evolves as a result.
Hostility from diversity is seen in our actions,
which occurs from misunderstandings,
misrepresentations,
and misinterpretations of the wisdom being conveyed.
Regardless of any beliefs or lack thereof,
every unique individual human being
is asked one question at every moment of their existence.
What will you do with the given?
The answer to this question
will determine if one is or is not
able to save their soul.


༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
https://republicka.life
https://kkk.education
CC0 PUBLICKÁ DOMÁNIA
ALL LOVE RESERVED
AMORIARIACKA IS MY NATIVE TONGUE
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
