༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
💀 My Reflected Death 💀
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻

May 9, 2012


Wendell severs his connections with society in attempts to force his hand to end his own life. But things never tend to go as planned for our hero.

Welcome to the reeducational course that ventures into what it really means to exist as a human being. Explore into the physiological, psychological, and sociological conditions directly from a suicidal soul who has spent his life battling eye to eye with these topics. This is true reality television, where death is around every corner. Learn about mental health and the conditions that society manifests that directly oppresses and limits its people. Learn what systems that we might be able to employ to encourage a more tolerant and accepting society. Learn how we can fix the core issues concerning our society instead of just patching up the infections with band aid solutions.


------


02-My-Reflected-Death-01-Trailer-Just-a-Man

...isolation, alienation, and persecution with Wendell as he cuts himself from the systems that enslave him and reaps those consequences. Now cut off from the world, Wendell survives on the pocket change that he had before his social suicide. When all is taken away, what, if anything, will still bond him to this world? Let us travel into the heart and soul of one of its ideological victims and learn about the topic along the way as Wendell stares death directly in the eyes.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



02-My-Reflected-Death-02-I-Am-Human

My name is Wendell Charles NeSmith, and I am human. I eat, I drink, I feel, I think, I learn, I love, I cry, I sleep, and I feel. Why do our collective groups tune out what is outside their own understandings? Why can we not look at people for who they are and not all their labels attached to them?

We are all human. We are all on this planet together. And if we do not overcome, then we will get overrun. So we should unite for who we all are and the good that we can become. Otherwise, I see little hope for humanity.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



02-My-Reflected-Death-03-Lecture-1-The-Psychology

Greetings and welcome to lecture one on my reflected death.

I made a big decision and I have to now live the consequences of that decision. And that was to cut myself off from all systems. And I've cut up all my identification. and I've removed myself from my payments and my university, which I was doing really good in these units and I was ahead in the reading material and I had very good outlooks on these units.

But I only had one semester to go and we would finish university and I had to make a decision. whether university makes a man, and I'm here preaching against these universities and the way they're structured, and university doesn't make a man. So I dropped that. So I'm out of all systems now. I'm not going to be getting any payments.

I got about $150 left to get me through, and then that's it.

I've really backed myself into a corner, and I did it to test myself. I've got to live the consequences of what I chose, and I did choose that.

But I did it to back myself into a corner so I would pull the switch, but we'll see if I do. And see what it is that a man truly values in life. And I'm doing all this for love.

And we'll talk about the history of suicide. And from Greek origins, suicide was something that one could, if they thought their life was too miserable to bear, they could go to basically the government and ask them to trial, and if they thought that your case was good enough, then they would let you commit suicide. And we see these things passed on from the Greeks to the Romans as well. But then we get different forms of religions that say no you can't do that, that's the worst sin ever is going against yourself.

And we get all these different conceptions of whether suicide is good or bad and sometimes or a lot of times our laws are based around them and that makes no sense like the only thing that you're given in life really as a choice is then taken away from you by a law, by it being illegal. That's absurd. But we get these different conceptions of suicide throughout our time and what we've been handing down is a very strict Protestant capitalistic sort of viewpoint on suicide. And we don't even like to talk about it. So a lot of times that makes it more difficult. So if we can't really talk about these subjects eye to eye with the subjects, then really what is it that we're accomplishing?

And I guess that's what I've done to myself is I've made myself stare death in the face to see if I can overcome it. And I don't know. I don't know. It's going to be a hard path.

But we'll get on to that as time goes.

So we've got all these different conceptions of suicide. and we got to start looking at these in collective terms and here's a book that you should note down and maybe after the course follow up on Emily Durkheim suicide is the book and what Durkheim starts to look at is social groups and suicide and so he then focuses in on religions so there's he finds out then that there's more suicides in religions that are not as close together as a close community so for example we have the Jews who are very close community who study knowledge but outside of their own beliefs so it doesn't matter they're they're culturally bound there so there's less suicides there and then you get Catholics who are very very close in community and rely all on another and but but then you got from there you got Lutheranism who broke free from from the Catholics and they said no we need to each man needs to study the Bible and learn learn what they interpret best from God and and then you get different Protestant groups and those Protestant groups. Some of them became Puritans and Calvinists and what they thought was best is for man to learn his place in society and then work his life for God in his place in society because Because he could not know the whole scheme, he just had to do his part in the whole scheme. And so what you found is in these ones that relied more on man, it divided the groups and it was no longer communal.

And you get more suicides in those types of groups. And he did studies of all around the world and they were pretty consistent in these areas from the regions and it's a very good book so I do recommend that you read that. So we're getting collective groups that it shows that somehow the societies have an effect on the suicide rates and the structures in societies which are in this particular study on religions. But I bet you anybody that focuses their life on a particular point and then the social groups that are structured around that particular point would be a similar type of study.

So there's different ways that society is not letting us in and we want to be, we all want to be loved and but but then we base our love around these dogmatics such as different specifics within religions and we only love people who who fit these certain forms and and that's that's that's really difficult when you don't fit fit the forms that society wants you to fit. And that's what I struggle with. That's what I struggle with all the time.

Okay, so we're getting these different collective groups. And the more you are outside of those collective groups, then the more you feel alienated from them. And Durkheim studies into three different perspectives of suicide, like why one might commit suicide, and these might interrelate, and all throughout this course, they are going to interrelate, so I don't want you to divide these up necessarily, I'm just going to explain what Durkheim wrote, But he calls it ego suicide, so ego, and altruist, and anomic, or anomia, anomy, something like that. I'm reading most of this stuff, so I don't know exactly how it's pronounced.

I'm not hearing it but okay so what ego is a I don't want you to divide these up necessarily so think about them in between as well but we'll talk a little bit about okay so ego man is pushed out of society so so much that he is then forced to rely on himself and for example that's a lot what I've had to learn how to do to do to be able to go into a town and not rely on a single person and and that's by living in the wilderness and walking great distances so sometimes to get get where I need to be and walking everywhere I go except long trips but okay so so we're getting this man that needs to that's focused in on himself to learn how to to fend for himself and you can see it in my terrible haircut. Yeah, it's pretty bad. But I did it with my multi-tool, like I said I would in my last course. But, okay, so we're getting man that then makes, he turns in on himself to find his own judgments, and then he no longer then values the judgments in society above his own, but he values his own judgments as the greatest good. And then this

creates a conflict because society wants him to be something else and he's not and uh so then he has to struggle with being the only one that's uh that's like that i guess um and you can see it though, in my life I have to be self-sufficient, I have to go under the radar, I have to learn how to not know anybody and still get by in life, and that's a difficult thing to do, And I struggle with that every day, but I'm looking for people and I've been screaming out for so long and all I've wanted was love. I was just looking for receptive ears that also want love. So then you get to the ultra-suicide and the ultra-suicide is to give themselves up for a greater good and this has been conceived before as even just transcending the physical body into a different realm and um and that's by giving it up and uh and that was considered an altruistic suicide and um and as far as the anonomic um suicide then you you would feel out of place with with the world so this could happen just by being distant from the world but we'll talk about this as lectures go on I'll open up a little bit on the subjects but as far as the first lecture I want to go a little bit into my psychology as this is happening because I'm starting to look at things a lot different by the corner that I backed myself into. And by cutting myself off from all systems, I've really screwed myself and to look death in the face this close and having no supports and no one who Who cares? It's a hard thing. And the psychology is changing. At first it was that I was just

going to do this course and end it. I don't know if I can say that anymore because I think about it and I actually sit there with the knife and I hold it, you know, hold it up with the tattoo, with the phronesis tattoo and I hold the knife there and I think I can't even harm this ant that is traveling inside my tent. Can I really cut this beautiful arm? I don't know if I could do that, I could think about it all the time, and I could actually do it, and I couldn't go half, I couldn't, I wouldn't accept going half way there, but what would become of me, and that's a hard question too, because after this money's gone, then that's it.

I got a few places to get bread every week, but the stuff I got deteriorates and I can't get more. I could go deeper into the forest. I don't know. I know some plants. I can eat some plants. I know some plants that are edible.

And I know how to eat if I really have to, like stuff to eat. But I could and maybe I'll be alright. I would want to though. And it would push me and that's why I did this to myself.

to push what I really value and I love I think I want love can't get love because you people won't open your hearts you push me away the doors are closed none of this money matters none of this this this life that that you guys create that's so sophisticated and and it's what does it matter like we're here to love how can we love best we get by a lot by understanding each other by understanding what it is that we're doing why we do the things that we do and then being able to control that I understand why I do the things I do and I do some dramatic things and I have to live with those things but I understand I understood why I did them and when I go down I've been going down for a long time okay so we're gonna go through a lot of different perspectives on suicide there's gonna be a lot of material involved and I'm just gonna throw different ideas at you from from different people just so we can start opening up our heads to to this subject so we just don't take it from a for granted what what it is that we're talking about so the the first the for First Acts readings are going to be Schopenhauer, good ol' Schopenhauer on suicide, and we got a Stanford encyclopedia philosophy article on suicide, and I don't know, that might take a few hours in total to read both. But they're good stuff, so I hope you enjoy them. So this is going to be a journey, and I'm not sure how I'm going to structure this course exactly. I could have multiple lectures within one act, I'm not sure, because this is coming to me and I'm structuring it the way my psychology is persuading me to structure it because I'm I'm looking at these topics straight in the barrel right now and I want you to see it from my perspective so think about what I've just done to myself and put yourself in my shoes so I don't have anyone that's going to come to my rescue.

Think about being that person and showing how no one cares about you by cutting yourself from all systems and the systems not caring. And just think about how you would live without any money whatsoever. I can't get a job. The person I am isn't employable. Life is more difficult than you would think

by the person that we become because I'm different. People don't like that. People are scared of that. Plus, I have no identification or anything to even note me as a person. I got

a bank card. That's all I got. I got a bank card. And that bank card has like $150 that I can use in it. Because I'm going to pay one more month's INET. So I only have internet

for one more month, which is hopefully going to be enough, that'll be more than enough time. I mean, $150 to do this. And so have internet for one more month and then also pay for my domain nesmith.net maybe for a year or two or something and that brings me down to about $150 or maybe a little bit below that so that's what I'm gonna be living on and we'll see how that goes but i just wanted you to bring you into the psychology of the person that might commit suicide and and put yourself into my shoes uh on yourself on how you would feel without all these systems and all these loved ones and all these systems around you that care for you because you're a certain way, imagine not being any of those ways and how you would feel. Ok so that's lecture one and we're just introducing these topics and like I said before I'm just going to be introducing different renewed perspectives on these ideas because they're They're not an open and closed box, there's a lot of different perspectives around there and that's what we're going to be doing is exploring these.

So have fun with your readings and stay safe, I'll try to.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



02-My-Reflected-Death-04-AliBabafromMyReflectedDeath

open sesame open says I come on just open this is the hundredth location I've been to my entire life been searching for the door to open a life wasted I only wanted that door what am I to do now what is a life like mine worth on this planet we call Earth. I just wanted you to open. You just had to open your hearts.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



02-My-Reflected-Death-05-Lecture-2-Groups

Welcome to Lecture 2 of The Meeting of Death. Today is the 15th of April, Sunday, the day of our Lord.

And yesterday was the 14th, that's when I shot Lecture 1. I'm going to make sure I put dates on these things because they're going to correlate how I feel depending on how long I am into being away from the systems. But we'll get straight into this lecture. We talked about different conceptions of love last lecture.

We left out some things, as we always do, but there was the epicurean conception of love that was when you're ready to die, just go up to the mountain and jump off. We see this in a lot of different tribal-type communities, so, okay, you're ready to die, let me shake your hand, and then there's the mountain, there you go. you're ready to die and you know it then peace be with you. And these conceptions to some degree are a little bit corrupted, get passed down to the Roman era which then battle it out in an arena. You're ready to die, no problems, either be the side show for some other show

or fight it out like a man and that's how how one would choose to die and these were respectable ways to die if you if you did go against the government so if the government said no you can't kill yourself and you still did then there'd be punishments and these punishments would be different types of punishments have been used all throughout our era but when you're dead to do things like tie your body up and drag it through the streets and stuff like that and they did different things to disgrace the body like you couldn't be buried in the same graveyard as some other people and stuff like that they had a lot of different things on that but there's also a seppuku and the seppuku is so the Japanese things where you take it and put it under your leg or off with the head or there's different ways that they do it but so it's to acknowledge one's defeat in life it's more of a shame culture thing which we see shame culture come from Greek origins as well so if you could not do your duty and you knew it and you accepted it and you ended your life but we get a lot of different conceptions of health coming from this and and we're going to talk about the beginning of health so this is when religious practices was dominated people people thought that to be healthy you had to do things like you know be high hygienic like don't eat pork or because it's dirty and they didn't know the health health things that were around that they just claimed it as being dirty and and if you haven't washed and you're dirty and you have to go go to see a priest so he can make you clean and these were also these were holistic perspectives they weren't just looking at your body they were looking at your your spirit how you lived your life and trying to figure out what the problems were from there so we had all that come up until Descartes said I think therefore I am, and he divided the mind and the body, and just before I go on, I want to talk about my body. I have an amazing, wonderful body that has muscles in every part that it needs to have muscles in. Just because it doesn't look like everybody else's body doesn't mean it's a bad body, and every time doctors see me, they are amazed on how fit my body is. So my mother won't, her excuse to not watch my videos or have anything to do with me is because apparently my body makes her ill. She says it makes her physically sick and she gags while watching.

and I want you to say that you are in my misunderstanding because my body is an awesome body and I keep it very very healthy so I had a good body there's nothing wrong with my body no matter how much you I've been spending my life fine-tuning it does amazing things that most people would think impossible so So you might want to look at your own body before judging mine. We get the biomedical model, so Descartes does the I think, therefore, and the mind-body split and we get perspectives looking at the mind and then perspectives looking at the body. So the body is the most tangible thing to work with, so we shut off on that. And this is after the printing press was invented.

This is when modernism was kicking in and there was developments everywhere. So we get different things being learned like we need to be, we need to wash your hands before we do surgery. Surgery, let's say you need to cut off your leg, you would probably get that done at the same spot that you used to get your hair cut in our past days but now that's obviously changed and it's due to pretty much three things we got we got hygiene surgery and anesthesia so so we were able to figure out that washing our hands helped get rid of the germs that could spread to bacteria colonies that would cause troubles for us. And we actually learned these things from really smart people who aren't usually heard. And this guy was, I can't remember his name, but he was really

anal retentive about washing hands. And he went around his whole life preaching that everybody should wash their hands. And people didn't listen to him. But then eventually, After he died, they understood what he was talking about, and we learned.

So we save a lot of lives through washing our hands, and we save a lot of lives. When bleeding out is something that has to be figured out how to be taken care of, and we have to figure out how to stop the bleeding, and then we found stitches. We found a way to be able to stitch, cut arteries, and stop bleeding, and that was another huge development. And then we figured, we found ether, ether or whatever, and that was able to knock people out, and then we killed people through that, But then we figured out some of the mistakes, and then we figured out better ways to do it other than ether.

But we're figuring out how come people can cope with their pain during some of these practices, because these are really the three issues. And once we figured out these things, our biomedical model really, really expanded and took over pretty much, and people started putting their faith in the biomedical model. What they didn't realize is that the biomedical model is great for things that need immediate attention. So there's a problem here, let's get it sorted.

The biomedical model steps in and it does really good, but when we look at our long-term results about we're still dying and we're not really doing a huge difference to our dying we're just able to not die immediately from those from our from these three things that I'm talking about and but but then we started taking medicine and saying you got to feel good you have to take medicine and then looking down at people that chose not to take their medicine because they didn't like it, and we get drug companies that are pushing different types of medicines, trying to get rebates so their drug will sell more, trying to get in with the government, then you get lots of different, you know, lobby groups that are trying to sell their drug, and whether their drug really does what it says it does, only time will tell, but that can be a long time, and we can be going generations, putting people through generations of medication that's not necessarily good.

So we started relying a lot on medicine, and we can see from a different perspective. I'm just going to start now from a different perspective, okay? We got a little bit of knowledge on health. Actually, I'll finish off with mental health.

So we divided the mind and the body. And so we get people looking at the body, and then we get people looking at the mind. And people are looking at these things specifically and not looking at a holistic context. So you get psychiatrists and psychologists now who are trying to look at the mind for just it being itself without any external conditions or as limited external conditions as they can they can assert so that they can still focus entirely on the mind or the body if you're for the biomedical or this is all the biomedical but okay so they're looking at an empiricist approach let's do this and see what happens there but But what you get is from people, from statistics and all that, you get a viewpoint of a typical type of person.

So what should a person be? Well, we'll tell you how a person should be through our statistics. And we know what a healthy human being is because we have seen a lot of human beings And they know what to assert as a healthy human being. And that healthy human being is the typical human being, not the one that shows promise in this or that or that, but the one that is like the others, is socially responding like all the others do.

And this creates confinement and then people end up deviating from it and the deviates are called sick and unhealthy. And I'm not saying that every single one of those people that you see in a mental institution or somewhere like that is healthy. That's far from my assertion. But what I am trying to say is how we're going about it is quite wrong.

And being the judge of what is healthy without really taking into consideration other concerns within health. Like I said before, we've forgotten to learn how to die. now we are scared because we've fixed up all these gaps in the biomedical industry we're scared to die and so now we bury it six feet under and put flowers on top of it we put them away in old people's homes or we push them out into the wilderness or whatever we push it out of sight but it doesn't mean it's not there. It's still there. So, you're not solving a problem at all.

Okay, so we're going to talk about collectivism now. We get collectivism and individualism, and we can see through collective groups. I'll begin with some Greek origins, okay? Socrates was an individualist, but he had altruist characteristics, but he saw the individual as being a greater good, a greater understanding, potential greater understanding than the collective. And that was what a lot of his life was fought around. And so we get, so

altruists and egoists. And I want you to remember these words because these words are coming back. Remember about the study of Durkheim. We'll come back to these, but these will be popping up around this course.

There's a good book called The Open Society and Its Enemies by Karl Popper and the book one of that has a little graph of altruist, individualist, collectivist, and egoist and you can look at what you can fit into in that circle or whatever he does, the little graph that he has, and that's a good way. Okay, but we can see different groups and different groups oppressing the individual. So what is the greatest good is me doing this production better than a whole team of lots of people doing a production. If I go in and make a decision about something that I've spent my whole life learning about, is it different than the decision of 20 people that are necessarily not versed on the subject? Like, what's the better measure? And so how

We get individualism. I'll bring up Ayn Rand. With the birth of existentialism, we get a lot of individualism. And his father, Kierkegaard, we'll come back to a little bit later, but he was definitely an individualist.

um so but but the collective is what's breeding out these different um characteristics in people that if this doesn't seem like a pleasant characteristic to the populace then we should breed it out and how do we do that we make it where it's it's not normal and and we'll put a tag on it and try to suppress it out, show it that it's not our humanity, it's something different than our humanity. And we get a lot of different illnesses that reflect this. So we get, yeah, Ayn Rand is one of the supporters of an objectivist doctrine. She is definitely an individualist, and that's what her books, most of her books are based around.

Fountainhead and Atlas Shrugged, I'll name, and they're very good books, and they can make you think a lot about where the individual sits as far as the collective groups that are around the individual. And we get people like Goebbels from Nazi Germany and trying to manipulate the subconscious of, you know, the group instead of working from the individual on the individual, just work on the group as a whole. And a propaganda minister was what he was. And we still get that today. We just don't realize it. So then we get Freud coming up with the unconscious

and suppressed and repressed ideas and memories and things manifesting in people that they had forgotten or put away. And then we got Bernays trying to figure out who was Freud's cousin, and taking Freud's good material and corrupting it and trying to work on how to most effectively control that subconscious.

And then we get, at the same time, we have capitalism playing a big part. Nazi Germany has just been finished. The war has just been finished. World War II has just finished.

and we get a lot of people thinking that capitalism is the best way to go because socialism showed its problems in Nazi Germany and that was not a socialist party. That was the front.

But that's how we've secured ourselves. And we're scared of terms like socialism and communism and Marxism and stuff like that. we're scared of those nowadays and we don't even understand what they are but okay so after all this we're focusing in on capitalism and this came from our Puritan heritage which was denial of the body and just focus your life one's life work on what the their place their own place in society and we got all these people working for a lot of working their lives and end up getting a lot of money I end up accumulating a lot of money because they have nothing to do with it and and then we're looking at how we can make this economy better and so our minds changed over from you know health to economy and that's all we're looking at now so looking at economy and and so how can we best get people spending okay we'll make them insecure how are we gonna make them insecure we're gonna tell them how how they need this and how they need this and how they're not going to be anything without this and and then how we're going to make them to buy these individual products that express their individuality well we're going to make a lot of different ones and then we're going to make it a lot of different colors and we're going to make people be able to buy something and then feel connected to what they buy so then we get we see a resign in in personal individuality and we see an increase in material individuality. So you no longer have to be a good person or a good character to be someone that's respected or treated well in society.

Now you only have to fit in under a certain criterion and that will be to do with your material wealth in the world. And this is not good. I mean, we look at these matters about health and is this healthy? Shouldn't we be secure in the material that we do have around us? This constant need for more is causing us suffering. Why are we not doing

We're actually doing just the opposite. We're encouraging this to occur. And we're making, we're ensuring it occurs because it helps our economy. And we're so obsessed with exponential growth when that's not where it's at.

we know that it's going to drop. Exponential growth is not sustainable, and we'll eventually figure that out. But we've been doing it for so long, it's going to be difficult for us to change our ways.

Okay, so we've got to look at this personal responsibility thing. The collective shirks this personal responsibility, and we can see this in Nazi Germany, in the Holocaust, okay? So I encourage you to one day go read some history about maybe some of the, I can't remember, There's this one article that I read that had a bunch of different notice boards or notice signs that were around in the death camps. And they were horrible, but they were using proper grammar and everything, and it was really terrible.

If you can track down that and read it, I do recommend it. It'll open your eyes to a lot of things. But we can see that we can ignore how heartless we are being and look at expediency and forget everything else. And expediency is the ends and not the method of reaching those ends.

And we need to look at both the end and the method of reaching those ends. And we cannot grow as people until we look at both of these sides. And we see this in Stalinism, too. I mean, when people just sit around while horrible acts are being done around them, then we're no moral creatures. There's no such thing as a moral human being if this is the way we are.

And right now we all sit around while our species gets led off a cliff and we don't see it because these material things blind us and the methods that are being utilized are advanced. So you say, oh, I'm not being brainwashed or whatever Well, yes you are Like, I'm a recluse And I still get brainwashed But I try to notice every time that it's happening Why do I feel this way? Okay, well, it could have been because of this, this, and this And we've got to look at those things But going on Okay, so personal responsibility Each individual has a responsibility to what it is that they're doing in life. If you're walking down a street and you see a child drowning in a lake, are you just going to continue walking and let that child drown?

If you have any decency, any human decency left in you, you would not do that, you would save that child. But are you saving that child? Metaphorically, are you saving that child? That's the question. Okay, we got Kierkegaardian anxiety, which is said

we'd come back to him. And so now we're starting to look at some of the ways that people can feel feel the need to end their life but we got Kirk Guardian anxiety and he says it's like being on the side of a precipice and you know you feel like so it's so easy just to jump you can just so easily do it but at the same time you want to stand back from it and step away because you're afraid that you could jump and he uses three different terms of anxiety and he says we have subjective anxiety, objective anxiety, and dreaming anxiety and subjective anxiety is feeling like you want yourself in another so the the traits of another you would like to see represented from yourself. So you like to see and feel something that someone else feels that also feels like it's from yourself. So you're identifying traits of others with yourself. Objective anxiety, however, is like, you know, you got crystals or scapegoating

to put your anxiety on to a material object and then off with the object or to somehow manifest your sins, that's what Kierkegaard is ultimately saying, into an object and then that object somehow get rid of them or handle them for you and we also have dreaming anxiety and it's where we're in a state of of unsure in a state of wanting to identify with that something but not not knowing what it is not not understanding where anything is it's it's outside of understanding it's like you know you want something but you don't know what it is that you want and you're trying so hard to find it but you just can't find it and and that's a streaming anxiety I want to talk a little bit about about me and I'm an ascetic and I'm not sure if you know what that means but it means I try to live on the bare necessities. I try to get the things out of my life that ultimately don't improve it and through this I have realized, through doing this for years I have realized that I don't need anything and I've been conditioned not to need anything. There's nothing in this world that I could want except love and compassion. I freeze often. I froze last night. But while

I freeze. I'm not thinking I would much prefer a warmer blanket or I'd much prefer a house or somewhere to stay. What I'm thinking is I would much prefer love. I would much prefer to be in the company of people that would appreciate me that I could appreciate. And

And I would much prefer to love and be loved than to be out here where I am, alone. And all these things that you people care so much about, it doesn't have any effect in my life anymore. The material is just something that I borrow from the world and I let it go without any qualms about it, and eventually something else will come into my life that might replace that. But things come and go, and I hold nothing on those things. And from this process, which

see, I owe a little bit of money, and I've been working hard to try to repay that, and that hasn't done me good so I haven't been able to buy things I mean I've been stuck in the situation that I've had to learn how to cope with now I couldn't want now I don't want anything but but how did I get there I got there by not being able to buy anything and and that's that's a lot of things I mean that's I I don't go to the movies I don't I don't go and drink coffee somewhere you know I go and get canned food or or anything cheap I'm always looking at the cheapest and and it's and I have to live like that and but the thing is I've come to learn how to be cool living like that and accept living like that because I've had to live like that but now none of these things mean anything whatsoever to me except love and and I don't get that because you people are so stuck in your systems that someone like me is someone to stay away from and the sad thing about it is I know that you wouldn't be feeling this way if you would just take a chance and and leave and I guess we were talking about the Kierkegaardian leap of faith that's what it all comes back to at the moment every moment every moment is is we have we see that precipice and we see the abyss in front of us and and we don't know what's out there and and we look at it it scares us because because there's just so much and where are we going to choose. So if I leap, where am I going to leap? And the choice of making that leap and where it directs me, how big of a choice does that have on where I land? And we're all looking at these things. We're all looking at life, just different perspectives

of the same coin and when we can understand and realize that we're all looking at the same coin then we can start utilizing the cosmopolitan money which is love and it's accepted everywhere maybe not for me but it should be accepted everywhere okay that's that's lecture two i hope you enjoyed um read about friendships and enjoy



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



02-My-Reflected-Death-06-Choose-Me

Excuse me! Excuse me!



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



02-My-Reflected-Death-07-Lecture-3-The-Deviant

Greetings and welcome to lecture three. In this lecture we're going to go through the realistic stuff, the stuff that happens today in our own society, and how we create these deviants in society, and then how our society forces the deviants to continue the lives that they get stuck in. So I guess what we'll do is we'll talk about me and my own experience and my own situation. And we'll talk about how someone like me is formed.

We have an intelligent, passionate young man that is looking for good. And, uh, he's looking for love in the world because he hasn't been able to find it. Um, and so he goes and spends, utilizes his gifts to try to find others who are of like mind and, uh, screams out trying to find this love with, but then ends up finding it with nobody. So we have this person whose values have been questioned by not fitting into those systems. And when the values are questioned, love goes awry and friendships. So then he

He spends his time invested in searching for the ideal friendships and ideal romantic relationships and ultimately ideal love of humanity. And he does this so he can know whenever those people do respond, whenever people do respond, they do, which he hopes, I hope, and if he gets those responses that he'll be able to be the best lover possible in all ways, and this means, so when friends come into my life, I'll be able to be the best friend that I can possibly be, and if a lover comes into my life, then I'll be able to be the best lover that I can possibly be, and I love all humanity and I try my best to love it the best that I can possibly do and but as a result the systems don't want to encourage these best things so I end up getting alienated because the topics of my concern are not the topics that most people are interested in that they're not the topics that most people value and, like I said, made me question value and what is it that we should truly value, what is it that a human truly needs to live. So I spent my life revolved around self-development to try to better myself to become the best person for others. And what I do is I teach, so I give you productions like you're receiving now to try to share my gifts, what gifts I have been blessed with, with the world, but unfortunately this has no economic value. And because this has no dollar sign attached to it, then I am looked

at as not useful to society. So I'm then cast onto the low end of the spectrum of society uh this guy needs food to uh we have to give him food to survive and and uh and we we have to pay him in order for him to survive and uh he has some problems that he's not fitting in with everybody else so we have to sort that out too. And he lives in a tent and he's homeless so we have to change that as well. The systems are what's causing the whole problem. I have to

hang around the slums because the slums is where I would get free bread so my presence gets interweaved with the types of people who use profanities in their everyday language and people like that and and I never get opportunities to get outside of that let me throw it at you from a different perspective so we have a society then oppressing this person saying you can't be this you can't be that and this person responding by saying but that's not what I value and and from this they deviate from what society is pushing on the person so So these collective systems that are set up are pushing me to the fringes of them and I have to just live on those fringes if I'm to live a life that's true to myself. Okay so the systems are what's causing the problem and let's look at these systems, let's look at labeling, labeling theory, and the way labeling theory works is, okay, so if there's a criminal, what constitutes a criminal? If there's a person with bipolar, what constitutes a person with bipolar? So we look at these labels that we can slap onto people, and once Once we slap these labels on, then we can feel that this person's been compartmentalized.

So a criminal then can take on the identity as a criminal because he fits into the categories within the group of criminal that constitute him as being a criminal. So then he might identify himself with being a criminal. So he's a criminal instead of he has, he does crimes, he's now a criminal. And we see this all around the board of mental health and the criminal are the, which were looked at as criminals, so the person then who suffers from mental ailments that are not typical then get labeled and these labels then attach stigmas to them so if I was to get taken off the streets I would either be diagnosed with schizophrenia or schizotypal and this would make them feel good and then they could push their medications on me and they could put me through whatever inhumane treatment that they wanted and it's okay because I'm no longer a human on this label, and we do this in all different parts of our lives including stereotypes, so these labels are not actually doing us much good. Within

labels as well we got to think of, okay, how is a person formed? Does a person see the label that they've been cast into and and become that label over time from the stigmas attached to them or from from the way people treat them for having those labels on them but then we come to a philosophical question and that's am I am who I am because of my experience or is my experience a physical manifestation of who I am so we're getting the question of mind-body so Descartes questions the mind-body split and okay so we then have extension which is what we can perceive and then we have time and space and we have a continuity of those times of that time and space that makes objects exist in the same manner over time and then we get the we get a questioning of whether this material that this physical world is actually the real world that we're in and so are we a product of our experience the John Locke and the blank slate are does our experience do we start off with a blank slate and then we just put it in our experience and then that becomes us or to what degree are we ourselves considering biological factors factors, experiential factors, and physical, social factors, so the way you look and the way you dress and the way you act. Okay, so for an example, with me I get kicked out of places, I don't go to pubs or anything because I'll get kicked out of those. get kicked out of a lot of things. I get moved on all the time. People are saying, cops and

security officers are always moving me on. Someone who doesn't have a place to go, but is merely just happy being where they are, isn't much liked in society, and security guards are always looking for people. Security guards and police are always looking for people to be on their way. So as a result, as a coping mechanism, I have to walk. So I spend my whole

day walking that's been long long long long long time walking so I have to keep moving otherwise I'll be moved on so that I have to act a certain way because of the external cause and that's where Kant's coming in is is there's an external cause the the reason why I act like I act the reason I make the decisions that I make there's a reason behind that and when we forget these reasons then we take we throw out the baby and the bathwater so so we got this mind-body split and we're saying okay is this external world exists which we've talked about this in my last course but Barclay we go into okay what can we prove to exist if a tree falls in the forest and nothing's around to here it didn't really fall his example was if I leave a room that has a book in it what can ensure me that this book is going to stay in the same way that I know it when I come back to it so his the the experience is the the only real world from from Barclay that's coming up but Kant says no there's an external factor and that external factor is is my own actions and my own actions are caused by external actions so that that proves that we're in some type of existence because what what is it that we can truly know we're given five senses and told to utilize those five senses and and that's all the senses that we've been given to perceive everything around us and what could I know outside of that around us and we look at the black swan and this is this is what I deal with every day. I am the black swan. So before migrants came over to Australia, the swan had, a characteristic of the swan was not to be black. So then we came to Australia and realized that there are black swans. So we had to modify our definition of swan to include black swans.

and and I'm I'm a black swan that's been looking for other black swans for my entire life so I'm just I'm just looking for for these swans and not just that I've been trying to fight for my ability to be able to be called a swan as well because I haven't been able to be called a swan people I'm not human but I am I am human, I deal with all human issues and when we can't realize that then that's not very kind to our fellow man. So this black swan thing is something that people don't recognize the black swan. The black swan walks through and they say no this can't exist and that's me. So I get overlooked.

And that's not very fun, especially considering that I'm trying to find my place and that place is nowhere when you constantly moved on from place to place. I don't generally get invited over to people's houses or anything like that. will talk to me and have an interesting conversation with me but that's as far as friendships generally go with me. People like to keep their distance with someone like me. I don't know why. It

could be because their lives do not reflect what I preach and they don't want to get that too close or maybe I'm just too weird or something but as we can see I've been pushed out of these systems because I didn't accept I wasn't accepted within the systems for for my life and the more that I get pushed out of these systems the more I'm trying to look to fit in these systems and uh, and it's a constant battle. Uh, so, but, but it's always, and the re going back to speaking about reasons why we all make the decisions we make, all the decisions that I make, even if people don't think are good decisions, they all have a reason and they're all very, very meaningful. Um, I'm not just making stupid decisions. I think very carefully about my decisions and and I have to reap the consequences of my decisions and I do realize that and I am responsible for those consequences whether they're to my liking or not so I'm constantly getting pushed out of these things and try to divide it up and try to pond off on a different part of society, a different non-functioning part of society. And I'll talk now about how the systems, the mental health care systems

internally work currently. So you go in there to, you go and ask for some help and they think they deem you not fit for to take care of your own person then they take you off the wherever you are they take you and and then they incarcerate you and they watch you and then when they deem necessary then they'll they'll let you go on the floor and the floor has a variety of a lot of different patients each struggling with something different and these patients are usually schizoaffective, schizophrenic, or bipolar and these are the three categories that doctors really like to throw people in and the people that I've come across most of them really do need help there's few that that have their mind screwed on carefully but but our systems are creating these problems i am a product of my social environment and i have responded based off my own biological makeup and my own particular individual psychology and tried to place myself where I belong and I guess we've all done this to some degree but the systems then place us in a certain point so I get, once they take you, they don't give you anything to do and they watch what you do and they drug you, they heavily drug you. And they just watch how you react, how you interact, how you do everything. And what's sad about it is that this will happen over a very long period of time. So they're not

worried about days or anything. Your days just waste away in there. They're worried about the weeks and then we stop to care about people. We just see what this drug does or how they react in this certain way and time does tell and that's why they do it because it will bring about the results that they're looking to manifest and that way they can then use that information against you, and they always take their, they always quote people and they quote it out of context of the original statement or proposition or conversation.

They'll take out of context what you said and only leave a quote in there, and they They do that all the time, so they say, Wendell quoted this, this, and this, and I go, should I stand up for myself, because they just opened these three cans of worms, should I explain what I was talking about, but then you're not given time to explain, and it would be futile if you did, because they don't listen there. All they want to do is drug you, watch you for responses, and then let you go into the the place that they think is most suitable and then follow up on you. And these are the ways that our systems are structured. And I want to mention though, so they're putting all these people with similar mental happenings in a group together and what you're getting is a lot of these people playing off each other's fears the paranoid people will start creating these stories that seem somewhat feasible and then and then sharing it around and then people will be playing off other people's unhealthy traits and you see this throughout the floor and it's really sad sometimes you see people trying to kill themselves in front of everybody and just to experience this is a terrible thing and these systems are going to have to be fixed if we're going to become better human beings because these systems aren't cool so they were taking away we're taking people that don't fit into our standardized box that we have created and in removing them from those systems for with we are placing them removing them out of their natural systems and placing them within our own created systems, and then trying to get them to live the lives that we think is most appropriate in a human.

And that's what they do is they try to re-educate people to live in a certain manner, and that certain manner is revolved around community and economy and that's what these these things that they're trying to try to teach that which they have little sessions that they try to teach people things and that's what they're revolved around and and I I do respect trying to encourage community but they do that through economy and they're they're just trying to create more consumers, and that way you can create more consumers, and that's what everything's revolved around. I want to make it clear that these doctors don't listen. They're not there to help you, they're just there to drug you and watch your reactions, and then potentially set you free somewhere where they think that it would be safe to do so. They're trying to reintegrate you back into the society which you don't fit in at.

And we see this within labeling theory and this is why our stigmas are so attached to us and also the body with the mind-body split and us looking at the mind and the body, the body is very easy to consider when we look at the way it's structured. Like if I cut myself and it bleeds it's pretty, I mean I pretty much knew I was going to bleed when I cut myself. We can look at it and we can see what it's doing. But with our psychology it's a lot different because there's so many factors to consider and to to place it into one barrel is is being naive so we got we don't only have the genetic psychology we also have the psychology from the experience we have the body that carries that psychology around with it and we have the spirit in which the way the person treats themselves and we have the social situations that are revolved around with the person that is now being outcast but we see this in all groups as well so we're looking at a particular field and this is the main field is the mental mental observations and and investigations because this is the field of concern we're looking at the mind and and in the investigations that come out of this shouldn't be focused on one thing but a holistic everything so we need to get back to learning how to get our spirits right so we can learn to be mentally healthy and in our mental health is a result of everybody else's mental health around us and the way the reasons why everybody does what they do like I said before can be explained and we just need to step back and consider why they did those things so then we can either make more inquiries or understand or possibly help if we can okay so now I want to talk bring up individualism and we'll get into that about egoism a little bit okay so all these things that I'm bringing up these things are investigating into the human and and man is the measure of all things and and we're looking at different ways that the human can understand things on their individual level from a bigger perspective so we are but by investigating these topics we are learning more about these topics and we will be becoming more prepared to make judgments to make grounded judgments on these topics which then makes us outside of something called society and its norms because the social values that are persuaded aren't necessarily the same values and are usually not the same values that one would find when they do their own research and and objective research and really really scrutinize and analyze these topics that are that are extremely extremely important they affect everything so they're really important but but we get this sense of individuality our ego inflates and I'll talk a little bit about the ego as time goes by and that inflating we did more in the in the meaning of life we uh we talk more about that but uh but we have this ego that man is the judge of all these things and uh but then we see in different religions how we can deflate that ego and uh and asceticism which is um you know practicing to live off the bare necessities is one thing that can do it because the ego is creating the constant need for more than what is and uh and this egoic death by uh from durkheim um is man feel so isolated from society that uh that they end up ending their own life because they look at their own life and they see that they're only finite and no matter how what what great things they can do by themselves they are entirely finite and cannot reach outside of themselves no matter how hard they try and uh and that's the ego uh suicide and uh we'll come up we're coming up here with anomia too so now we're starting to think about these things and in a more integrated perspective so uh anime um we're feeling outside of our social values um so uh in as far as the egoic suicide um so if there's nothing if there if you have no connections to the infinite which is community and god so if you then decide that god doesn't exist and uh and follow that path then it would be more likely that you would commit suicide at least Durkheim would probably think so because you have nothing to rely on that is more powerful than yourself and so this the anomic perspective we're seeing man that has a breakdown of values as far as what society values, and since society no longer values the same principles, then you have an automatic conflict, and that's what we can see in this scenario right here, is that I value love over everything else, and society's not giving me any of it, and I do stupid things like cut myself off from the world um to try to show that these things that the world have to give me are not worth my investment because love is so much more important and um so we're getting these different sides of the ego so the individual is the one who studies these topics and uh and and comes to their own understanding of these topics and by them doing this act alone organizes them as an individual because when you're studying these topics and learning about them then you automatically stray from the norm, the social norm.

So you become a deviant from these structures.

Okay, so we talked about a lot of different things.

I guess the one thing that I wanted to really nail in is that we are all products of our social systems to some degree or another. Our social systems have a huge amount to do with our lives, and then we react when they act in certain ways. And we're always along this process acting and reacting. And this whole process is what makes us who we are.

um we we become part of of the systems that push us out so i'm part of your systems i'm just on the fringes of it because i've been squeezed out of but but i've had to find my way to the fringes of it to be able to get to where i am now and it's not like i wanted to be on the fringes of it but just the person that I was wasn't someone that could get anywhere else other than the fringes of society and we all have a reason to do the things that we do and unless we step back and analyze why we do the things that we do then we're going to continue getting people that aren't mentally healthy and then we kind of continue screwing up their lives more than we already can. Okay so speaking about individualism and collectivism we can see that the collective tries to push out what it doesn't understand or what it doesn't want to understand or what will disrupt the business as usual, the sway of things. And we see this in Socrates. We see this in Jesus. We can see this in all different aspects that are around. And it's the collective that

does these nasty things. It's the collective that nails Jesus to a cross. It's the collective that feeds Socrates' hemlock. It is the collective that pulls the switch in the gas chambers in Nazi Germany. It's the collective that torture someone under Stalinism. These are the things

that are in place and if we don't break away from this collective then we're going to continue in our own poor judgments, and we're going to hurt a lot of people along the way.

I want to talk a little bit about the mind and its beautiful creation.

Start off with personal individuality, and each of us are given a mind, and we can either explore that mind or let it go to waste. And each mind is a wonderful, amazing tool that can create wonderful and interesting, infinite types of experiences. And when we waste this mind, then we're not taking into a whole perspective of our humanity. And so we receive information from our five senses and that's cast into our imagination, which then sits at the front of our consciousness.

And we're looking at the world by receiving this input stimuli into something we really don't understand much about, about which is our consciousness and somehow it's attached on to all the other things that are attached on to me and which includes my my history and and our history not just my own history but the history of humanity because that's helped develop me to the person that i am as well And the mind is capable of so much and we only have to tweak it and fine tune it to what our hearts desire is and we can become wonderful and intelligent, passionate creatures that are dedicated to any topic of our own loving concern. And there's, I think geniuses are made. People that are intelligent and talented are not just that way because they are that way. They have been made.

And it is a process. And yes, it might take someone less time to develop themselves into something than someone else. But if you think about it as well, that person had to find out what method to utilize to most effectively train themselves up into whatever field they're going into. but we can just constantly learn and we can keep on learning and the more we learn the better decisions that we can make and the more we can learn to love each other and carry out a life that is worth living and throughout all this we have a responsibility so all through this learning the more we learn about these topics the more we're responsible for them um if you you're walking along and and a baby is drowning in the the lake beside you but you don't notice it um let's say you're listening to your ipod and your senses aren't there and you just walk walk by then you are not held responsible for that event because you were not in the position receptive to be able to receive the content of what was happening but when you open your eyes and walk past that then you are responsible so when your eyes are awakened to the difficulties and some of the topics that are in front of you, then you then have a responsibility. And that's when you need to

be looking at situations throughout your life that you can follow your responsibilities and be the person that you should be. So with the mind we have our psychology and we have lots of different types of psychology and if we look at it like a platter and we can fill it up with whatever we want to end up filling it up with. And most people end up putting junk on there. They end up putting a lot of crap TV and pop culture stuff that will ultimately do them no justice. But then we can put good quality and healthy material

onto our brain so that we so that we don't fall into these bad habits we are what we do and each conscious second that you utilize for something that's not necessarily a good end you're doing yourself damage and you need to take this into consideration when you live your life and all the while looking at the social structures that are in place and seeing how they're changing and altering altering and and and enforcing you to live the life that you currently So that's this lecture. I hope you enjoyed it. For our readings, you need to read about what Hume has to say on suicide and what Camus has to say on suicide with the myth of syphysis and Hume on suicide. This paper with Hume wasn't published until after he was dead.

He held it until after his death.

People threw bricks and stuff at his building.

So he was very careful, which he had every right to be, and probably more would have happened if he published that after.

But we are all like we are for a reason, And even though we make the decisions that we make, we are still responsible for them, but there is a reason why everybody does them. And just because we are responsible for them doesn't mean that other people should not interact in the situation.

For when we see something that is not to our liking, we should step in. So, and how do we do this compassionately, will we understand, we learn to understand why these people have made these decisions that only one that was crazy would make, and that's what I've done, is I've made a decision to remove myself from all systems, and that is what someone that is crazy does. So, I hope you enjoyed the lecture, stay safe.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



02-My-Reflected-Death-08-I-Could-Do-It

I would do it, I could do it, what if I did it, what would you think, how would you feel, you think I'm joking, I could, I flip the switch, what is not under, with a closed heart, is still a closed door, is much more secure, in an open room, they don't exist, a liar, shall we test the water, would that be humane, Have we lost the ability to care?

What does it mean to do it?

Love me.

You judge based off categories.

Have been brainwashed. What you think to be real is not real.

To live outside one's own understanding is a more accurate representation of reality than the reality in which you live.

Why do you avoid these subjects? Can we not talk about it? Can we not learn from our own mistakes? Can we not be better at doing it?

What is it to live? What is true value? I have make me the man that's based off what he has, his accumulation of things. The money in my pocket that makes me a man.

Support myself economically, does that make me a man? University, does getting that certificate that says, I am a philosopher, does that make me a man? where is true value to love how are we to cry and how are we to die



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



02-My-Reflected-Death-09-Lecture-4-With-Love

Welcome to lecture four of My Reflected Death, and that's exactly what this is, is My Reflected Death. And today we're going to talk about emotions, and we'll start this off by looking at the history of emotions. And emotions before were seen as a hindrance, so a problem in the human's reason life. And we look at these things from our past and we get certain practices like stoicism which then encourages tranquility and what this does is okay you have an emotional human being how are we going to make them no longer emotional well you would do that through different types of asceticism and that's through putting their body and mind through extremely rough and difficult situations, and then as a result, they harden up, but for what type of human necessities can we do this with, and this is something we've got to be careful with because when does using asceticism to go beyond our passions come as a hindrance to our species?

And there's traces of asceticism throughout a lot of religions, and most religions actually. and uh buddhism and this is all coming around the same time as the stoics as well and we gotta ask the question is uh what does it mean to be human is does my emotions make me human or does my reason make me human or what are these two categories emotions and reasons anyway and and we look at it from the development and we get a recluse so someone that is attempting to which is me I'm a recluse someone that's spiritually driven that does want that wishes to make himself more tranquil because he's not happy with the way that his emotions deal with him. So then he then focuses his life to push away these painful things in life. And that's to go through them so that it no longer becomes a problem.

them. But how much of the human content of our lives can be pawned off like that? And we've got to ask that. Within gender as well, females are supposedly more emotional. And

philosophy and in all of our scholarly history, it's been very, very male-dominated, and women have only been in getting rights recently, and a lot of that was brought out by Marxism, and then you get Marxist feminists who say that society has contributed to the oppression of women and something needs to be done about it. You get a lot of different types of feminism from them saying they're equal, they're just as human as any other human out there and also some saying that women are a much better species than a much better product than man. So you get a lot of different claims. And I want us to think about collective communities when we're speaking of this. So we talk back we go we talk

back about suicide and marriage and in Durkheim's study we noticed that those who are married have a less have less chance of committing suicide and that's because because they're in a social situation that they feel that they're contributing to or a part of their part of a community and we also see that the suicide rates for males are much higher and we can see that by the way society has formed the male life and the female life and and females compared to males and a lot of different aspects have it real easy a female doesn't have to have anything to give to anything or anybody, and they can still exist in society and still be appreciated for existing in society, whereas a male has it much tougher. From what I've seen, from everything I've seen in my travels, the female, the only trait that she needs to be there for, to be accepted, is to be someone's fuck-buddy, and she gets, but males, it doesn't work like that for a male, and especially someone that's like me, and I wouldn't even do something like that, because it's against my morals, but But we see development of community, and we can see this within churches as well, from Greek origins. We get church houses, and they're like big houses that are set up to church, so they don't divide church and life, and people come over, and you eat, and you hang out, and you talk about God, and you worship God all together. and it's a very communal environment, but we've gotten away from that.

We can see that woman is supposed to be the emotional creature, whereas man is supposed to be the reasonable creature, and we're going back to labeling theory here, and we get the ideal man and the ideal woman, and what makes an ideal woman healthy, what makes an ideal man healthy and we got these stipulations then that we got to put people into and uh is it all right for a man to knit is it all right for a man to cry uh but but is it all right for a woman to knit and is it all right for a woman to cry and then we're placing these laws and rules and regulations on what people can be um to be a healthy person and we gotta think about this healthy okay so then you have things with emotions coming up you have people like Hume that are arguing that passion is is the leader and reason should be a slave to passion and and this is a very out there thought since it used to always be reason is the main attribute and passion should be a slave to reason and and this is being questioned about this time as well we're getting maybe even a little bit before this is the modernity the modern period and And this is where humans were learning all their potential and they were feeling like they were at the top of the top and that they could control anything. but there was answers that they just couldn't find so instead of waiting for the system to say which is so waiting for time to tell they instead jump to conclusions and as a result of this we get mysticism and we get developments in astrology and people looking out for reasons outside of themselves why they are the way they are but through all this we are discouraging we discourage negative behavior what we perceive to be negative behavior and and these so these things that people do we are going to treat them in a certain method a certain manner depending on whether we feel that their label is healthy or not. So whether this man is healthy as a man, then we'll test that. And if we deem them not to be, then we got to make arrangements to change that. And the way we do that is to discourage negative behavior. And how do

do that well you don't want to feed off negative behavior so when you see observe negative behavior then you want to uh breed that out and the way that you would breed that out is by um not talking about it uh refusing to talk about it uh hoping it goes away because i mean we we know very well as humans that uh if we turn our heads away from it then it no longer exists so to discourage this negative behavior let's act like it doesn't exist so these difficult topics that have become taboo in our society we then avoid because they're they're strange to us and uh and we don't want to deal with them because they're too difficult there's just more questions along the way and instead of trying to tackle these questions we we feel it's better to cop out and and turn away from it and and when you get people that are obsessed with these issues that refuse to turn their heads away from these issues, then you get a problem within society that needs to be handled, and how they handle it depends on the society, and our society handles it by not handling it. Our society handles it as a kangaroo. Our society handles it by passing the buck on to the next person, and then the next person does the same thing. We're always pushing these issues away when we should be dealing with them, but in order to deal with them we have to bring up a whole lot of stuff, but we don't like to bring up that whole lot of stuff.

We're scared of that. frightened of that whole lot of stuff. And it's just like we put old people in homes far away. We put the mentally ill in institutions. We put our dead ones in coffins six feet under.

Put flowers on it. We're always trying to beautify what is not necessarily beautiful. We're always trying to hide things away. We're always trying to pack things in our closet.

And this isn't good, especially when we have people that are dealing with these issues on a day-to-day basis.

When we forget about these things, then we're not being very good people. We can see in our past we have things like the witch hunts. And as we go through the witch hunts, in European-type countries, mostly European-type countries, but it was in the Americas as well, and people were scared of witches, and as a result, they had to eradicate witches. and a witch could really be made to be anything so how are we going to find out who's a witch well we could do methods like strap them to a chair tie weights to the chair dump it in water if they get out then they're a witch if they don't get out they weren't a witch but it doesn't matter because it's over because they're dead so they do things like that and burn them on the stake And so if there's a talented individual that manages to get out, they get burned on a stake anyway.

So these witch hunts are, we're not looking at what it is that is the issue. Instead, we're eradicating something we don't understand.

And as far as these witch hunts, a lot of these people were just people who made folk remedies at home, like natural folk remedies. Yes, a lot of it might have been based on superstition, but you've got to understand as well at the time that they didn't really have a lot of solid information, and if a little bit of warm lemon water would make your headache go away, they would utilize that whether they knew it to be true or not. And a lot of these ended up dying for doing that. And a lot of these people had no witch traits at all whatsoever, and they still got stuck in the systems. It's just that they didn't like the people. They

were undesirable, so the undesirables are easy to kill. And in the witch trials, women Women were a big thing, women were the majority of people that were killed through there and we can see how a woman's life isn't treated as valuable as a man's life and through these witch hunts. We can see that happening, there's a lot of people that end up dying from it and people look the other way while this is happening and they're able to do that because these people that are in front of them that are dying are women and I'm sure now that would be a lot different but that was the time. But we got to start thinking as well about okay, segregation and, let's just not think of racism and sexism, we also want to think of different characteristic traits that people have that we also utilize to segregate people.

And these are where the holes need to be found and patched up. Okay, so by this segregation, we're creating isolation, and in turn, we're condemning the person that is not understood.

We put someone through, like, we say, oh, someone's going through something, but there's something that is causing that person to go through something. And if we don't think about these issues, then we're missing the entire picture.

So instead of saying, hey, it's their problems, it's everybody's problem. If one person has a problem, it's everybody's problem. And we've got to figure out why that person has those problems so we can look at our problems to see what we can do to make it better. and we've pushed a lot of mental health on to the people that are experiencing the mental health problems, but that's not entirely good to do because they're results of their society around them.

And so we get to love and what is love and what are these feelings that I feel, what are these emotions that I'm here trying to express, what is it that we can love and who is it that I can love. It's all about love, and when we corrupt it, then it starts to become not about love. Love is only itself, and when we deviate from that, then that's not good. I may have deviated from society, but I have definitely not deviated from love.

content that you get is passionate and emotional material. It is looking these problems directly in the eyes and fighting them out. And that's the way that I teach because we need to look at our problems directly at the root of our problems and not mess around the corners because Because once we fix the root of the problem, everything else will align. And then we look at this love and how I try to express it to you and we can see that it has something to do with learning as well.

For when we love in our teaching, it changes the situation of our teaching and our material becomes something different and if we're not able to learn how to teach then others won't be able to learn as effective as they could and we need to love in our teaching. That's all I have for this lecture but I'm going to talk a little bit about my psychology because the days go on. It It is the 17th, Tuesday, April 17th, and I don't have much money left. I haven't been spending much money.

I've been living it really, really tight, and I see the end. I don't know how much longer I got left. I'm pretty sure that I'll just have after this course. and uh and i don't everything's difficult it's all coming at at the end of the line um uh only people i get uh on the internet are persecuting me um making fun of me and uh and that's not cool they do it because they don't understand that they don't understand what i'm saying here but just the fact that I'm making this course and people are watching this course and I'm getting people all around the world that are tuning in to this information and they're watching it happen and doing nothing about it and that in itself scares me as to the state of our society because we can see these things happening right in front of us yet we let them pass and if that's going to be the way we are then we are no better than the the part nazi party in germany and we're no better than every other individual there that's watching these these horrible things happen. You guys know that there's been, throughout my years, there's been a lot of times that

I've wanted to end it, but I've never done something like this, and I've done something like this, but never done anything this dramatic, and people don't care. I haven't gotten contacted by anybody. Actually, my father contacted me to tell me that it was not cool that I defamed his name. That's so bad. You have this son who is going through suicidal ideations and

who is ready to end it all and you're worried about your name being defamed and not only that, it's not like I'm not telling the truth or anything, so it's terrible. I'm not getting treated well at all. People don't treat me well at all. I haven't been contacted besides the people who persecuted me and besides my my father and and people are watching this everywhere and that makes me sad but this is the reason why I'm doing it this our stupidity is the reason why I'm doing all this to show us that we need to straighten our backs up Otherwise, we're going to be hunched creatures, and we don't want that.

I'm not going to lie, there are a lot of difficulties that I've been going through mentally. It's been difficult to get the motivation to bring you these videos.

It's been difficult to really do anything. I kind of wake up and go, well, why should I do anything? And my days are now nothing as far as, there's nothing planned. I don't have anything to do at all whatsoever besides this course.

And I don't have any plans of doing anything. I'm completely on my own. and uh and this is the problem this is the problem um and i've been looking for so long not to be i mean whether i've been looking for a companion no companions out there okay well let me join your life and uh and share with me what goodness is in your heart and uh no no and see i get moved along everywhere it's not just the police and security officers that move me along um when i go and talk to people um most of the time or a lot of times people are interested in me and uh and want to want to learn a lot of the details of what i've been doing because i've always been doing something crazy and uh and these things interest people a lot um so they get interested and I talk to them all about it but they're so distant it's not like I can come to their home and be a part of their lives they're just wanting a quick amusement and they're not wanting me there and they tell me they say what you're looking for isn't here. So it's like everywhere I go I'm being moved along. Not here, not here, move along,

move along. And that's not cool. That's not cool at all. And I feel. And that's what this

lecture is about is emotions. And I have these emotions. And this constantly happening all the time doesn't make me feel very good about myself. I have a lot of gifts to give. I have

have and I give my gifts too and I'm not I'm not doing anything wrong I'm sharing my own findings with the world I mean this website is my full-time job and I'm just trying to find my place in society and live out my role to the best of my ability but you people won't let me in so I can't do that, and that makes me sad, and I cry, and I cry because of this, and I think about this, and how it's happened all throughout my past, and how it will continue to happen all throughout my future, and this makes me sad, and I think about suicide, and I think about ending my life and stopping this from happening again and again and again to me. And hope after hope falls on the ground and I go, you know, I'm a philosopher, I can figure out so many things, I can look outside the box from so many different angles, so I figure out ways to go beyond, and then I spend a lot of time, a lot of effort on carrying out these things, but then they don't happen as I thought they would, and instead of being appreciated, I am persecuted. And I do get told that I don't deserve to be on this world. I get told by people that it would be better if I was just gone. People are not trying

to save a life. You know that song, The Fray, How to Save a Life. People are not trying to do that. And I like that song and I listen to that song and it makes me sad when I hear that song and then see the world around me and how people are not trying to save a life.

And when you talk to someone, if you talk to someone about suicide then their response is going to be to back away and get out of the situation. And this is true with anything that people aren't so well versed on is they'll try to escape their situation and when we try to escape our own humanity then that shows us for what we are and that's terrible, that's terrible. We need to look at the people in front of us and be able to talk out these situations. Obviously, you're only human, and if you come in contact with someone who is suicidal, you can only offer your own insights. Hopefully, after this course, you'll have

many insights. But if you do not have those insights, then you can still be someone to talk to. And we push all these talks to our professionals. And our professionals are the

systems so the we say oh you want to talk about suicide you need to go see a counselor or a psychiatrist or something like that don't talk about it with me and these people that these professionals that you go see you don't care they don't love they they're just doing their job and they get paid for their job so they're they're in a terrible spot as well but and then also these these places that you phone up and and and talk about this like suicide hotlines and stuff like that they're full of crap I mean those people don't know what it what it's like to be suicidal those people aren't trying to really help you there there's also stuck in those systems and they'll direct you to another system which will direct you to another system and you'll get washed washed up by all these systems. So, that's the lecture. Our readings, this topic, are movies, so I hope you enjoy watching those movies. We have Equilibrium and Girl Interrupted.

Those are our movies, and they're really good movies, so I hope you enjoy those. We're almost halfway through and gives me a lot more to think about. I'll continue contemplating these topics and trying to figure out how I should best express them and we'll get this show on the road.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



02-My-Reflected-Death-10-The-Individual





════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



02-My-Reflected-Death-11-Lecture-5-Some-Background

Welcome to lecture 5 of My Reflected Death and I had a whole bunch of content written down that I was going to go through this lecture, but then I decided to scratch it all and just talk about my background because after all this is my reflected death. So, in order to reflect on my death, I must reflect on my life and how I became the person that I am. So this lecture is just going to go into the background of the individual, and that is me, that is wanting to die. And we'll start off with my childhood.

That's where it always starts, isn't it?

And I was raised in a family that my mother was a nurse, and she got a job wherever we went. But we helped from place to place, starting churches or trying to start a church or getting hired. My father was a pastor, so he either got hired at a church or tried to start a church.

And in the end, he ended up back in education as a teacher, and that's what he does. and we look at these I'll start with with how I felt about it a lot because my father is a really good speaker he's really he has heart he has heart and what he does and therefore he's a really good teacher and was a really good preacher but there was many things that I noticed that were not, that he said that were not manifest in his actions and it made me question a lot of things and there's my preacher son who's curious and I was a very emotional and curious person and those two being combined isn't necessarily a good thing for a kid to be equipped with and I love people relationships but I never fit in any of them but people love to talk to me but people always wanted to keep their distance from me because I was a bit weird and I guess I've always tested myself though I've always pushed myself to do to do beyond what was there I was always testing borders and I always do test borders and and and I think we all we all really should what is the limits of man well we have to figure that out so but but I I wasn't really an intellectual kid I did I did good at school I got through school not really doing worrying about the subjects that I was studying about I was worrying about other subjects which were more revolved around love and relationships that ultimately all broke down but I spent a lot of time dealing with those subjects and learning about those subjects from experience and what material I could find along the way from those subjects. And that happened to be wherever I was. But I was also, as a child, I was given a lot of things to do, extra things like piano.

I did piano for like six and a half years, did gymnastics for about six and a half years as well. I did, they put me in clogging, I hated that, and there was all these other types, I've done the violin, I've done the cello, I've done a little bit of the clarinet, I've done percussion, done the drums, but I was never great at any of these things. Guitar, guitar, bass, and synthesizing it all. But I was always just sort of mediocre at all of it.

But I liked all of it and I got into all of it. and throughout but I was always being pushed on these things like I didn't I didn't like the things that were being pushed on me I didn't like piano because because I was forced to wake up at a certain time and then and play for an hour or sometimes two hours and then I get a little lally after and and the way that I was being taught to train myself I didn't really appreciate it and there's a lot of different things that was that way for a while like we went camping a lot and I didn't like it and I didn't like it because I don't think I was learning to appreciate it for what it was but I don't think they I don't think my parents were appreciating it for what it was either so because there was always there's a lot of times there was fights there's I remember some fights that they had while we were camping and I don't know camping sometimes it's peaceful sometimes it wasn't but but then I had to relearn that the wilderness is my friend and and then reintegrate camping because I started out without not camping but just under a tree anywhere and and I've had to and I still end up doing that sometimes but but I have to push myself to do things like get a tent or I'm always looking at different types of temporary structures and I'm in a tent now and okay but this is things I was learning all along the way and I was invested in these things, but I was invested in looking for people that would want me to be around them, because we moved all the time, so I was never finding places that wanted me, because I would never fit into any category, because all the different schools had different systems, And I didn't really fit into any of them because I was a mix of all of them. But then I cling to certain rebellious ideas like punk and the ideals of socialism and stuff like that I'll think about a lot. And in all these different ways of freeing ourselves from oppression, and that oppression is really whatever you interpret it as, and that's why we all have different perspectives on the world.

We all have our own image of the world, and that's formed through our biological makeup, our experience, and our lifestyles, but our lifestyles, we create those through our experience. We got to understand these things that form individuals and then when we get the problems within the systems we can be prepared to deal with those problems instead of trying to cut away those problems because you don't want to cut out an organ that could potentially be really good. You don't know, like, was the, really, if you get your tonsils out, is it really, is it really good? We don't know, we don't think, you know. What about

your appendix uh you know really is it is it okay to take that out yeah we don't know we don't we can we can assert all we want but we don't have all the conditions uh we our biological makeup is not a math like that that we try to make it um okay so i went through school you know i didn't do extremely well, but I got through everything and I didn't really focus much time on all of those topics. I just sort of learned them pretty easily on most things. I didn't do very well in mathematics. And there were some other things I was just average at, but most was really good at and I excelled then I got put into a school there was a problem and what happened was there's this kid who kept on begging me for drugs and I kept on saying I didn't have any but But then one day I felt sorry for him, and I said, my brother takes a drug for his depression.

I can get you a pill, and I got him a Zoloft, and then I ended up getting in trouble for dealing drugs and then I got put into a really bad school and I needed to flee from that school and by that time my father was in Australia so they divorced and my father was in Australia married recently married to to an Australian Malaysian woman and and then I could I had the choice to flee that school and I took it because I didn't have really much to lose because people weren't understanding me and it was just just another trip to try to find people. And I took it and that's how I ended up in Australia. But we'll go on. My parents, they put me through good education for the beginning of my education.

They fed me when I was under their roof and they have contacted me from time to time throughout my life so that is the extent of how family are for me and they don't like dealing with the subjects that I like to deal with so we end up conflicting there because they don't want to talk about the important subjects that at least I find important and I feel if you care about the person that you're talking to you should also care about what that person cares about. It's a two-way street. That's how all relationships are and if we forget that then we're not doing good in the relationship. I like to be the receptive ear for anyone out there that really wants to talk about it. I want to be there for anyone that wants

someone who studied a lot of perspectives to come to talk about your perspective. Isn't that a good thing to get many perspectives on your one perspective that you have, or your many perspectives that you have come up with. I could help you see other perspectives from that. I mean, that's a good thing to have in a social pool, but we've dropped that because capitalism doesn't like that it doesn't and they used to do that they're called wandering philosophers people would come to learn from them and they would teach and then people would pay them a little bit of compensation for their their teachings and all they would do is wander from place to place and people would you know sort them out so they didn't die while they taught what what it is that they had to teach but yeah you don't see that anymore except me and I'm the only one that I have been able to find and I've been looking for places that would maybe like this or want this in a person or communities that would want this in a person or people that would want this in a person and have been unable to and I'm really not going to to bash my parents because they did raise me and from what they've raised me I've been able to make myself into something extremely rare, something extremely precious in my eyes, and something that I formed myself from the dedication that they taught me how to push on myself from those times that I forced myself to wake up and I forced myself to to play piano for an hour I can now force myself to wake up at 2 a.m. in the morning for a a two-day walk to the another suburb that's

way off of wherever and be okay to even sleep in the bush along the way if I felt like sleeping which I probably wouldn't even sleep for a two day walk. Probably just walk it all through. but that's now this is about the past okay so I was very curious about a lot of the topics that people took for granted and I struggled a lot with why things were the way they were and people didn't have an answer for this question and I asked this question a lot of different ways and and I didn't get any people that were receptive to being able to answer this question or even want to to answer such a question but that's how I started my search and and And that's from a child, and I was willing to go through extreme lengths to get to where I need to be, and I've always followed that light, and if there was an opportunity that I saw that might help me get in accord with the people that I needed to find, then I would take it. And I saw the move to Australia as a good opportunity to possibly find people that were more receptive to some of these questions that I had.

And I found it in a way, in a way, okay, but that's why I ended up going to Australia. And it was difficult too because I had both my mother and my father wanting different things for me and I was being torn between them and the interpreter between them as well. And that was a hard thing. And eventually I just had to learn that I should be the one to look after my own interests And I now question that because I destroy my own interest.

But I do it for the sake of. I don't do it for the sake of itself.

So who knows. But, uh, okay, so then I am young, um, 15, meet a girl, um, she's, she's, uh, she's a beautiful girl, artistic-minded, um, loving, uh, girl who, who is receptive to me. and she's she it was fortunate that she liked Hanson and I had a haircut at the time like Hanson apparently but I did it wasn't but people think it was and I even had a shirt at the time said Hanson sucks and I wore it with that hair just say screw you so but but she she liked that about me and that's probably what started her to be receptive to me so she and we got close and and I had problems with my father not being very kind and I was 15 was the age in Australia that you can move out and I did and I first moved in with a friend stay there for a little while and then moved in with with Jenna her name's Jenna and and we we had separate rooms and everything but we we then started our life together. We saw each other's finances. We worked with each other to do things in

life. And I guess we tried to help each other to get to where we needed to be. And eventually we got married and eventually it was 18 we got married at the age of 18. We would have done it sooner if the law permitted us to or Jenna's parents would sign but they wouldn't do that so we got married when we were 18 and we were in a very I did martial arts throughout this time too so I I studied martial arts at a young age and then took and then stopped for a little bit and then took it back up a lot in Australia when I got to Australia I started studying it a lot and and then even more as time went by so I've been studying martial arts throughout this time and and different types of martial arts too so when we get to the we were We're doing this for years, you know, but our goals aren't aligned and we're starting to create co-dependencies and we weren't very healthy for each other.

She would want to dominate all the organizations, everything that happened, and I would want to dominate the ideals in her head and we didn't see eye to eye with either of those ways so we conflicted and it was both areas were conflicting me. It takes two to tango and we both didn't tango very well but I did want to fix it. There's the only difference is that I wanted to give everything to fix the problems in it. And I was like that throughout the marriage.

I knew there were some problems. But I'm not going to look at those problems because she was a companion in life that I did have for a little while. And when I say a little while, it was like 10 years, the relationship. So it was a good while.

And she chose to be with someone like me. And even though we were distant, she still chose to be there, and that means a lot to me that she did that. Because I see now that not many people will take the chance like she did, and that's what really made her stand out.

And she's a very talented artist, and she influenced me a lot on art. And she used Photoshop so much that over time I started to learn just by remembering the screens that she had up and what tools she used just by remembering the images that were in my mind from her using it. like I didn't know Photoshop at all and then one day I sat in front of Photoshop and you know just knew what I was doing just because I saw her use Photoshop so much and that's how you know I can do most of my artwork and I know it's kind of dodgy artwork but I don't care about that I I'm culture jam and when I mess up or when I make stupid things I'm being I'm using culture jam and that's what that's everything and I'm part of this post-modern perspective but at the same time I go against some of its conceptions so I'm not I don't fit in exactly in post-modernity but but in a way maybe I do because isn't what I'm doing what it's talking about anyway but we got to think about these ideas whether what they're saying is true or not let's look at the results of what they're saying okay so she she left me over two years ago and and she cut communications she just didn't want to talk it talk about it anymore and she didn't really want to talk about it ever she she's very close she had through she always had a closed door there was always a door in her heart that was closed and and she could never let me in there and so so she wouldn't she wouldn't talk about it she was able to keep those doors closed and barricade them she just left me and told all her friends to no longer communicate with me which her friends were my friends and because I inherited them from being with her and that's how I got that social class and when she left me that all dissolved and she wouldn't talk about it and I really wanted to talk about it but she knows that I just like to talk and I do like to talk because I really like understand the subjects that we're we're looking at um but she doesn't really like to do that she's she's she's a very unique artist and she she is an individual one of the few out there

but not individually suited to me uh obviously um so after that happened i didn't have anything left but god and i've you probably remember this from my article um so but that's where i turned and uh and i was you know already in philosophy um spending all my time doing that and uh and that's where i just continued um and because i was finding the i was finding god in everything and um and that's where these pantheistic perspectives bring metaphors around but I wasn't and I was I was looking I was trying to find people from these ideas I thought these ideas were worth talking about and trying to spread myself around whatever areas I thought might be receptive to these ideas and that's why I've moved from from place to place to place to place trying to find people that are receptive to what I'm talking about but where no matter where I go no one's interested in even hearing out these ideas and a lot of that is to do I look young so people people write me off as not having to anything important to say awesome I look homeless, so people write me off as, and I am, people write me off as not having anything important to say, I go and get my bread at a place where I can pick up free bread, and people write me off as not having anything important to say because of this, and uh and i get because i this is the way that i have learned how to be able to function in the systems that are set up around me and still be able to move from place to place where i am right now um is the last place i'm going to be at least for a while because uh I, I, I'm done. Um, this is not continuing like, like it was. Um, but I, I, I took a leap after that, um, into God and that, and then I let him lead anything that happened. and he led me every step of the way and I just walked whatever my morals told me to go and I've been doing that and I would find out from the world it would give me hints and over time I was able to build a picture of what the image I was trying to figure out figure out certain aspects and be led to other places and and now I've finished I finished at least this journey and so was this this is a two over two-year journey into homeless rejection and and persecution and and living in the wilderness I don't know if I don't know man and I've only tried to do good throughout this I've tried to be the best person that I can be and I do that by trying to learn what it means to be a good person so I and I studied these subjects and then I interpret these subjects and then and then give these subjects to you in an interpreted fashion my own which I think might be more receptive to breaking up this cultural understanding of education, which we have limited through our systems.

And so that's why I'm doing this. But my passion, I mean, is this really why I'm doing this? I'm doing this to try to find other people who are also receptive to my understandings. I don't mean to see eye to eye with my understandings, like I said before, but to go, oh, that's an interesting painting, and that's what I'm always doing, is I'm painting onto the world myself, or as close as myself as I am able to capture and represent.

and I'm doing this through the process of these courses and different articles where I cover very difficult subjects and I try to look at it from many different perspectives and you get very many pieces of artwork there. They're just paintings. and um that doesn't mean to say those paintings don't have any truth to them for uh there's there's more truth to those paintings than anything i've been able to find

it's just we got to learn how to to take these understandings from from all the different perspectives and not limit ourselves within our systems but learn the systems and then we can utilize the systems in our own in a healthy manner in a healthy perspective towards towards good outcomes and we got to find out what good outcomes are and there's where the moral philosopher stands and that's a about what this course what this course is so that is the individual that's who I'm not going to everybody in my life has been in my life have served a purpose and they have all all taught me something and I don't hold any ill feelings towards anybody in my past even though there was a lot of bad blood going around there and I don't hold any bad feelings towards those scars but at the same time I'm not going to go back to those scars. I remember my scars for they taught me something very important. I love everybody that has gone through my life and I really do hope the best for everybody throughout my life. And it really means a lot to me those who actually spent some time with me to really get to understand who I am and how I function. Those few that really

were there to at least let me talk about a certain perspective. I really do appreciate that and this goes for the friends along the way. I really do appreciate you guys for what you have given and I also want to thank my friend Simon Fullbrook. He has really been a good friend, even though he hated everything about my philosophy, he hated talking about all those subjects, but he was still my friend, and even though he made fun of me if I talked about them, like in a joking manner, and he didn't want to talk about them, he was still my friend through it all. And he's in Japan now, but we keep in contact and he's the one

friend that I've had and I've had him for such a long time now. Just not that we're there, we're never really together, but we always keep. And sometimes it can go for a long period of time where we don't talk at all but we've always kept those ties and and that that's cool and I think that's really what a friend should do and even though the friends not always there for a friend to always always make sure that they they keep in contact and have a few meaningful conversations you know on a regular basis then isn't that really what a friendships about yeah so Simon's really done me good and he was I knew Simon before I knew Jenna so he he's one friend that's been really good for me there's been other friends along the way that have have parted from me and but but they have helped me along the way and I really owe a lot of thanks to to them for that so I don't look look gift a gift horse in the mouth I really appreciate what it is that people do and there have been friends that have done a lot for me and it means a lot even even if things didn't turn out the best way yeah I appreciate everything so there is the photograph of a individual and also this is an individual that struggled with alcohol couldn't get beyond alcohol until he found drugs and looked at drugs and figured out how to find healthy drugs or drugs that were not considered unhealthy or they that I considered I considered not to be unhealthy for my own psychology that I wanted to be, to be the person that I wanted to be. and got into a lot of different light drugs, like even a lot of different legal drugs and most and every almost everything that I come in contact with is legal. So there's and there's a

lot out there too and that has helped me get out of alcohol like a long time ago that helped me get alcohol and that was wonderful because alcohol is a really bad thing and now I don't even need drugs I can go with or without and I mean I if I have it my okay cool but if I don't have it doesn't really matter I don't have it most of time so so that's that's cool look at me that's the life I like to live to not have things for a long time you appreciate what you do have when you lived that sort of life. That was the individual lecture and it's gone longer than most of my lectures been gone before but to be honest maybe some of the other lectures were too short because this is my reflected life and what we're getting through it like pretty pretty solidly the the readings this week will be a bunch of YouTube video clips we got some Kirk Kierkegaard want you to learn about the history of medicine a bit and I want you to think about these topics with a mental perspective, like a psychological perspective, or a psychological and sociological perspective about the biomedical industry, the whole field, as you learn about these topics then you'll be able to see how they can also apply to how we treat our mental patients and I want you to think about that when you're watching these clips. I hope you enjoy, and this is lecture five, so we're over the big hill and downhill the rest of the way. I don't know.

I'm not very encouraged to do these things right now. reflective because I don't have much left to think about and only having you know four more lectures we'll see where they go because I'm not planning these these are coming to me as as my psychology changes as the the realisticness of my situation of not living of living without money kicks in and and that's what you're getting with my psychology as well and I'm trying my best to compose myself in an effective manner but I do also want you to understand that I'm going through a lot here psychologically because I am really staring these subjects directly in the eyes because you're not the one that has to see this, it's me. I have to be in these eyes. I have to be the one to live without money and I have the one that's responsible for my actions but I can no longer be that one to be responsible for my actions because I no longer have concerned myself with whether I am to live or die because I'm not shown to be a valuable member of your society, and this is what is going through my head, because I'm, you know, what's wrong with me?

I carry out a good conversation, I reach people's hearts, I always try to do good things, I'm trying to be there for people whenever they need me to be there.

I'm trying to study these subjects really closely and then provide methods for people to learn about these subjects that I have found to be very important in people's lives, that they've forgotten. And I try to help, you know, I try to help our humanity. I try to help our cause. What is wrong with me?

Do I not consciously, you know, act how you want me to be perceived? or like am I not in the same zone and am I really so alien to you are we really that that different creatures when it comes to the crunch and if you had nothing else if you had nothing else in your life and not even love even love Let's say you have nothing else but love and then let's say you don't have love, let's say you got nothing and what it is that you would feel and that's the question we all gotta ask ourselves and we're all responsible and when we see a malfunction in a system, The system should not try to cut off that malfunction, it should attempt to repair the malfunction and I am the malfunction in your system and I am the part that is screaming out and explaining different ways that we could repair this part because I know all about this part and and nobody listening to the part that part still trying to be pushed out of the systems and it worked it worked look I'm out of all systems now so good job systems you you have completely and utterly screwed my life and and we got to be able to identify these problems and look at them carefully and then make judgments as to how we are going to deal with these problems and in the future and in order to do that we have to learn how we can understand these problems so and how can we understand them without creating other problems like labeling theory so we got to learn and that is the end of this lecture thank you



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



02-My-Reflected-Death-12-I-Wish-Upon-A-Shooting-Star

Oh my shooting star, how I have lost count of your happenings, the only wish that I have ever had, you will not grant me this night or any other. How your wishes become meaningless when you are always wishing the same thing.

Each candle on the cake has only ever one wish.

Do miracles really happen?

Am I alone as I feel?

You create masks to hide your identity and present to me like I care who that person is. Oh dear gas giant explosion, please do grant me the love that I have spent my entire life looking for.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



02-My-Reflected-Death-13-Lecture-6-Oh-My-Love

What could be more romantic than spending a night like tonight with a loved one in the middle of the wilderness and sharing the beautifulness of everything around. And I know it's difficult for you to see what's around and I am of the wilderness and I have trained eyes. Yeah, I say that I'm even using a torch. But everything is really beautiful in the wilderness, especially at night.

A lot of people get creeped out by the fact that they're alone, but that's such a beautiful thing when we can spend time away from the masses of people that we are usually around. night always encourages love. From what I see, the mood for love comes out more at night and that's why we get nightclubs and things like that. So I guess we'll talk about my love and my life that I've gone through because this is my reflected death. And with my parents

growing up, you know, they had their own things going on, and I struggled with sleep, and they weren't really interested in listening about that, so that persisted. But they were loving though. They gave me what I needed and they trained me. My brother was very distant.

We were very, very different people and he's a very distant person with me because we are so different on so many different levels, yet somehow we can relate. But he didn't really want to include me with his friends or anything like that, so I was always growing up as Ricky's brother. And Ricky played on that, and he got me to do things for him because I was a bit emotional and gullible and I guess that's what brothers do. He's a bit of a bully in his own way. And physically, he was a bully physically too. But then you get the adoptions

that happen and so I'm trying to learn how to love a brother, a mother and a father and Um, and then we get some adoptions happening, and um, and then I got to learn how to love other brothers, and ones that weren't biological, so then, that was cool, and I had to learn how to do that, though, and it's, it's all, we got to learn how to love the best that we can, and uh, maybe I didn't do it the best in my past, but I always tried my best. to, and always did what I thought was right, even though it might not have been. But I was cut off from that shortly after, when I moved to Australia. But before I go on about that, I had some girlfriends, like all through, all growing up.

And they were nothing serious, it was all childish, but I had a girlfriend, you know, hey, will you be my girlfriend? Yes, okay, cool, I'm a girl, someone says my girlfriend, and you talk every now and then, talk on the phone sometimes, and stuff like that, so I was always learning how to love there even before I was actually looking for it beyond just the verbal process and to be honest I struggled and I still do struggle with the physical side unless it's directed through the mental, but I'm getting too ahead of myself. So we then get churches as well, so I'm going to a lot of different churches and trying to figure out how to love God, trying to figure out how to love the church and love the people in the church, trying to learn all about what it means to be a member of the church and how one is supposed to truly love their church, and what this love would give back, and how this love functioned, and there's a lot of things that didn't make sense within a lot of those pictures, especially when you claim your God to be love. I'll continue. I had lots of different types of friendships. I could never develop any strong

friendships anywhere, but every now and then I'd have someone that I would talk to, and then it faded away because I moved on. I've always been cool to keep in long distance contact and keep that up but um no one else is uh is wanting to do that once you're out of their face then you're gone out of their life um they might email you every now and then but you're a distant thing and that's not ever been the way it is for me but people don't don't want that um which is why simon is so good because it doesn't matter it never matters uh but you don't get many friends like simon uh you only get one like simon uh okay so then we get uh certain levels that i'm trying to desire um of love and uh and i'm trying to figure out what this this level the love that that i'm trying to articulate what what is it and uh and i find that it's sort of like a presence and is it if you're with the person then you can fully appreciate who you're being with and learn about this person and love this person for the traits that they have that are really good and and be a good person to this person I've always wanted to you know do that but that's strange for for a lot of people because they don't they have closed doors everywhere everybody has closed doors everywhere but I've always been like that I want to be in the presence of the person I want to really fully understand that person and appreciate who I'm with and if that person passionately pursues things then I wish to look at what they pursue and see what I think and talk about it with them I've always liked to do that on an individual level, but most people don't like that, and that's where I've always struggled with those friendships. But from that level, though, of when you treat someone like that when you're having a conversation, you gain a respect for the person and an appreciation for who that person is. And over time, this whole thing, though, led to rebellion, because this whole thing I've been taught was love.

Hey, I don't think you taught me right, so getting into that rebellious stage, and I've never gotten out of that. um that's i i don't think what you know what people do just because they do it is is right i think that we have to go beyond that um so i got into you know punk and and uh and i did it all with love punk and goth and all that stuff uh dark things martial arts dark martial arts like ninjutsu, stuff like that. It's always been the dark areas. So then I looked for rebel friends and I found some every now and then. But I found a lot of them were doing it for

either the lifestyle or just because of the trend and uh that's what i i found out that a lot of people were doing so um but there's still people that you know i learned from in life and then they moved on and uh then australia happened and uh and then it's culture new culture completely new culture whoa this is entirely different so I I like Descartes think the only thing I can know is that I know nothing sorry this soccer teaser Descartes all my foundations have been crashed and I got to start from solid foundations I don't know anything what are we gonna start with let's look so I had to then learn love again what is this love thing and how does it work in Australia because it's different than it works in America so I relearned all these things and I studied and practiced ways that I could put these these ideals into application and then I tried different things and a lot of things failed and backfired on me and I had to learn from that and I mean I guess I always do that but I live with the consequences that that from the actions that I take and but then I got a girlfriend and and this time you know my parents my mother you know we she talked she talked to me every once in a while maybe twice a year I get a call or something in a package every once in a while and and then I moved out there's a problems with loving my father me and my father are very very different people and we conflict on a lot of things and I had to move out of that and I did that at a young age and so we conflicted on our love and we still do and and I have this This girl who's receptive to me and then I try to learn how to love her. And I do and I learn in an unhealthy way how to do it because I haven't learned all these ideals yet that I should have learned along the way in philosophy and about spirituality and different in our history, in our history mainly. Not just my history, but our human history. Learning these things help you make better decisions. I can see that now. This

created codependency because I did things I loved in ways that wasn't necessarily healthy and she did the same back to me. So it wasn't the best relationship, but it went for a while. And when we got married, we had to start thinking about sex and then sex and love. And sex is a hard topic. What is love? We're both growing and trying to figure this out. And how should

we love and how should we not love? What's ways that can be damaging to this love? And And we are always having these questions about babies, are we going to have babies, are we going to pop out one and her parents constantly hounding her about it. Us not really sure and I don't know, maybe we just couldn't agree on what we wanted and we were putting it off.

Or maybe she knew that she was going to leave me, I've heard someone say that, I don't know, hearsay but maybe she knew for a while that she was going to leave me and just waited for the right moment but when we're looking at all these things we got different personality types to consider if you're going to be with someone we got like scales like Myers Briggs and stuff like that and their type indicators and they don't tell you who you are but they tell you you know what you might be like and it's really kind of fun and interesting and we could develop these personality types to be very very specific and it's really interesting how many from tests how many personality traits we can extract from a person. And I think if we can accumulate these things, the data could do wonderful, wonderful things. We can learn so much about our individual selves through our whole collective. Okay, but you have to learn about that because if you get personality types that aren't consistent that don't go together well then you got to figure out how to fix that or it's going to end but we get this throughout and we get this as well with physical attraction also you know spiritual alignment how your intellectual capabilities you know, that has to line up to some degree. And passionate dedication towards doing good,

not just to each other, but everything in general, that needs to be to some degree aligned. It has to be reciprocated and it has to be a commitment. Both parties need to be 100% committed to doing what they need to do with the best they can do with it. So, ultimately, you get a breakdown. This breakdown is because all these different things that should be aligned between two people does not line up together, and that's what happened with me and Jenna.

And there was just so many things that didn't line up, and it was doomed before it started, and we're lucky it lasted 10 years. But that's just the way the relationship went. And, um, and overnight when she left, uh, all of her friends, um, were no longer my friends. And I had learned to love, you know, her friends and I, I was loving some of her friends and, and I don't mean like loving, I mean like, you know, love as a friend, um, how to be a good friend and, uh, and bang, dropped.

and they all dropped me and I only had a few friends left and most of them weren't concerned about me and had their own lives to deal with and I didn't have anybody to lean on who could help me with these topics so that was ultimately a difficult uh thing at the at the end because it was my love that was ultimately uh cut off my heart was pierced and um and since then I've been you know gaining and losing friends as I go along and uh and every once in a while meeting someone cool and then us keeping contact every once in a while, and then it dying out, fizzling it out. Not me fizzling, it's just not going anywhere. Because I'll write these long emails trying to connect with the person, and the person will write back a few words or something. And that's not the type of friend I need.

So, there's a lot of people who'd like to do that, and that's not the type of friend that I need. That's not what I've been looking for. That's not the love that I've been looking for. So I've been going through all this, you know, moving along, but at the same time learning all these subjects and doing philosophy and learning about friendships and love and what's not love and what oppresses and what hurts people and what we can do about it.

And I've been learning all of these topics for a long time and feeling through them. Not getting very good marks throughout university. I mean, passing, more than passing usually. Not doing terrible, but not giving the professors what they want.

And I'll give them essays that I know can be controversial and stuff. and they can't fail them because I still had logic in what I was saying but they didn't like what I was saying and that wasn't love but I was doing these things in love these essays were about love they were done with love but everything I do everything I touch is done with love and care and particularity But that paints, that makes me a painter, and universities don't really like painting more like those logical-minded people, those abstract people, scare them a bit. But then all the while looking for people and looking for people all around, looking for people in universities, looking for people in churches, looking for people that are different, looking for people that are making a difference to the world. And learning from all these people along the way, and at the same time learning about the subjects about how to be the best friend that I can be, the best lover that I can be, and the best worker for my fellow human companion, which is every human being on this planet.

And I've worked a lot of hours, countless hours of study on these three topics. And that's all the while waiting while I travel, always crossing my fingers, hoping that there will be worthy candidates that will step up to the plate and decide that they want me a part of their life is that these worthy candidates only have to bid on me but everybody's scared and I end up being the one that no one bids on because no one understands what to make of it and all I can say to make of it is that I can love to the best of my ability and I will continue to always give as much love as I understand how to give in all of my actions and interactions with every single individual that I come in contact with over every single second that I do exist, but this is my reflected death, and I'm talking about suicide. So that was this lecture, and your readings this week is going to be some of my own, about love, so I guess I'll cut this lecture a little bit short for you because you're going to be hearing my voice again a few times on these next readings, um, about love and suffering, and also about, uh, about me as a zombie, that's a good one, um, and And another one I did on love, oh yeah, The Soulmate, that's a good one.

So go listen to those ones. And there's also Romeo and Juliet. And I want you to think about the systems here and forbidden love. And that's why is it forbidden?

And we look at that, you know, what is in a name? and why are you a Capulet and wherefore art thou Romeo why are you a Capulet we gotta look at these systems and why they combine such a beautiful relationship and that's that's for that reading but enjoy those and I'm taking these as it comes. And this one, I guess, became a beautiful windy night. So I hope you enjoyed that. Stay

safe and God bless.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



02-My-Reflected-Death-14-Shower-Scene

Our species has been coddled out of its humanity. We no longer observe nor appreciate the things we have in life. We look away from the bad. We bury it six feet under.

Material goods have been put on a pedestal and is worshipped as an idol. We have lost the ability to learn to die and instead fill our lives up with material possession. Does this material mean? This object makes me mean. This phone makes me mean. My clothes make me mean. Money makes me mean. My car makes me mean. What makes me mean? We have lost the ability to be able to discern between right and wrong.

our possessions make us selfish when one is convinced that their entire lives are fulfilled through consumerism they no longer look at the one beside them love is not a collective manifestation it needs to be expressed through the actions of the individual in question to manifest itself within our world this is a body bag if every individual in need was issued with one of these it could enrich the lives of so many of our fellow human beings. And this costs about as much as a pub mill. Love is not a collective manifestation. It needs to be expressed through the actions of the individual in question to manifest itself within our world.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



02-My-Reflected-Death-15-Lecture-7-The-Warrior

Greetings and welcome to lecture number seven and this is the warrior. So we're gonna talk about me and and the warrior and I'll start this from my martial arts background and I had a pretty long martial arts background with a lot of different types of martial arts since I was a kid so that kept me on that path and I learned how to dedicate myself in the manner of martial arts and that was very good for my character. It taught me a lot of physical abilities but then went on to mental and spiritual abilities And I started out with the physical and then moved on. Also within ninjutsu, there's a lot of bush training, so I learned how to get really comfortable in the wilderness and be able to hide and move in and out of places without anybody noticing, learn how to walk softly on the ground, things like that.

I also did security for a few years to test, to make sure that what I learned in martial arts was applicable, and it was, so that was good to test me. But all throughout my life, you see me trying to improve myself, and I see the character that I am and I see the character that I want to be and I set goals to be able to become that person. But unfortunately that's not the way society merits a person. We're not merited by our abilities but instead our qualifications and our status. So it hasn't really helped

me out in life, but this is what my entire life's been revolved around, is becoming better than I was, and I was always doing that, always developing as a person, and it made me feel good because I reached accomplishments that I could see in myself, and that was a rewarding system but unfortunately as well when I want to celebrate no one cares because it's not it has nothing to do with them but I don't do things like celebrate my birthday or anything like that I don't celebrate any of these holidays I just I try to celebrate accomplishments personal accomplishments but other people aren't interested in celebrating those ones so I've always been alone with that and I think it's better to have personal accomplishments and celebrate those than it is to just celebrate something just because it's that thing and my whole life's been about meaning and investigating what true meaning is and finding a lot of crap that's that we do in our normal day-to-day lives that has no meaning or very poor meaning so you see and what happened though was I got sort of forced into asceticism and this cause I owe a little bit of money to the government after me and my ex split there was some money I had there there's there's a story behind that but as there's a story behind everything if we think about it and we try to look at these stories so we can understand why people are the way they are but I was forced into asceticism I didn't have any money enough everything I did have was going back to pay these debts and and I wasn't making a lot of money and I was very poor and had to learn how to live without anything and I've learned to fast really well I can fast for a long time I've fasted for two weeks before that's the most I've ever fasted I've been without with throughout my at least throughout the last two years I've been without a lot of things the last one year I've been without most things so So when I got put in this situation, then I couldn't afford, you know, to rent anywhere. I couldn't afford to do anything and still continue as the person I am. So I had to make arrangements, and those arrangements was to become an ascetic. And I was already studying these topics, so it was quite easy for me to maneuver into that lifestyle because I knew that lifestyle and admired that lifestyle.

So it did encourage me to get where I needed to be, ultimately.

And I've walked all the time. I'm always walking. I've walked for over two weeks, like almost three weeks, and just walked and walked and get a bit tired, sleep a little bit on the side of the road, under a tree somewhere or something like that. But just walking and walking.

And places don't like me doing this because our roads aren't set up for people to walk. uh that seems a bit odd uh but and i get in trouble sometimes because uh there some roads are strictly no pedestrians and uh so so if i'm on there i'll go on any road i don't care um a road that gets me there the quickest or uh or with the least amount of effort and the quickest like you know taking up both sides looking at both sides of the equation um i'll travel down that road and it doesn't matter and i'll just walk and and i can walk for a long time my feet push on and on and on their warriors but my feet are something I have to take a lot of care of because they're always destroyed so I have to look because they they're always doing crazy things because they're always moving so they they get bug bites and and sores and scratches and things and I'm going through the bush and a lot of times I'm but I'm barefoot a lot too and barefoot and sandals but the bottoms of my feet are are conditioned which which means that I can walk on most things I can walk on glass I can walk on coals lit holes I can walk on a lot of things and it doesn't doesn't faze me and which is good but going through the bush there's especially deep bush you can't really do that or it's difficult to do that because it's not just the soles of your feet it's all around your feet as well and and that's where my feet get a bit destroyed through all the abuse that I give it. But I take care of them too and every time I can wash them and that I spend some time washing them. I have also done a lot of parkour throughout my time and this world is a playground to me. I see something that

looks like it wants to be jumped and i'm the one that's wanting to jump it uh so when i'm walking along i'll i'll just do those things and i can jump very very high you know without a run-up or anything i can i can jump up you know past where my waist is you know i got like three feet probably probably more probably probably maybe maybe even like five feet i could probably jump I know I've done more than that but I've done a lot of things but I'm talking on a consistent basis but that's always fine and there's a lot of things that are around that height that you can just you know I'm walking along walking along oh jump jump on it and then do a little bit of balancing walk on other other things and it look around you so up and around and down and everywhere and the world is it's like that game Tony Hawks if you ever played that game you start to look at all the environment differently oh I could grind there or I could do this trick here or those sorts of things and parkour is a a really good thing to keep you fit and there's no competition in it and uh and you can get really hurt doing it and i've hurt myself with parkour with more than anything um i've only full-on trained parkour for like a year um now i just do it just for fun but i full-on trained it for like a year and i got hurt more in that one year than i did in all my martial arts training and uh And that's kind of funny considering that I've trained a lot in a lot of hard martial arts and I did a lot like ninjutsu. I was doing some hardcore ninjutsu and they were really hard sessions. I mean, sessions like Krav Maga sessions type thing, a lot of them, and Krav Maga, those are hard sessions too. But I've also done IT, and IT was where I started out, and I didn't want to be in IT.

I knew that I needed to be somewhere else, but I was really good at IT, and I was naturally understanding the concepts within IT especially within networking and and that was really good so but also my ex-wife was a designer and and I sort of learned off her and I can design now too but all throughout my life I was trying to be the jack of all trades and I've always you know what is it that we have to do let's do it you know what needs to be done we can do it and I've been like that because I've always been poor so being poor you looking at everything in a different manner a different light you know if you want someone to go and fix your plumbing for you then you have to have the money and you're not sure how much it's going to cost so so you might not have enough money and then you'll get in trouble for that and then you create all these links everywhere and i i noticed that you know it's it's better to rely on yourself because when you rely on yourself you can do so much more and and you don't have to worry about one other people being fickle and you don't have to worry about getting other people involved and you can just do it yourself and I learned off these people that were willing to teach me and there's been people all throughout my life that do these things like mechanics and that and they'll teach me different things and in the process we might fix something with my car or their car or something like that i've had a lot of cars in my time over the past two years haven't and over the past year i've had none um no no no i that's not true i've had have have had one but i've probably had maybe 18 or 19 cars in my life uh but i don't think i'll i'll get another one at least for a long time if i live through this. I don't have any desire for a car. That's really what I mean. I don't think it's good for the planet, and I got my feet, and my feet are warriors, so they'll get me to where I need to be, and if I need to be somewhere fast, then you know what? Screw you. I'll get somewhere

on my own time and yeah I'm kind of mean sometimes but uh there's so it's a self-sustaining because I didn't have the money so I was forced to go into myself and if we think about Durkheim and all that you know and the egoic suicide when someone goes into themselves and no longer looks to others for dependence then we get more suicides so these are just things that we need to start thinking about so we can think about how to fix the problems it's not saying that these it's not bad that someone can sustain themselves someone's independent that's not bad we just need to learn why it is that they're suicidal and what we can do about it and if we get guided to a certain particular personality that's suicidal and most of them have had to learn how to do things on their own then there's something not functioning correctly there and we need to figure out how to fix it so throughout this time as well I I had no home so the last year I've had no home I did stay at friends for a little bit but I've had most the last year has been in the bush and so my home had to turn into my feet and wherever my feet took me was where my home was which this made it easier too because sometimes I could travel you know a few days on my feet and then get somewhere and just you know go to the bush and just stay there the night and then travel a few days back or something like that I was able to to set up things like that and also doing this always moving you got to look at your possessions and and you got to really assess what it is that you need. And as far as personal possessions, I no longer have any personal possessions. I don't consider anything that I have personal possession. I've gotten rid of all the things that meant anything to me. And it's not just because

I'm getting rid of those things doesn't mean that I'm getting rid of the meanings, but i'm getting rid of the physical manifestations or representations of those meanings so but i had to learn how to give up all these possessions and and now now i have nothing you know i don't have anything that i care about as far as possessions anything can come and go and the way i structure my life is around there you know if my laptop gets stolen then ah whatever it doesn't matter And maybe they needed it more than I did.

And it doesn't matter because I could get another one and continue off from just a little bit behind where I was before. And the internet's been really good to do that with because all the things that are important to me are on the internet. And this website's my full-time job and has been for quite some time. and uh and i can the meanings are all in my website so all these things that are on the internet that i'm giving to you are things that i want to keep and they're not sitting in my lap they're sitting on many different servers throughout the world um so that makes it easy for me to pick up my bags and go because my bags are on the internet um there's the Possessions, so if you have to say I have possessions, I do have possessions on the internet and that's the content that you're receiving right now. Also, I've studied most of my life. I've studied all of my life if you want to look at it as in we're all studying. We're all not studying, we have to be receptive to study, but when I was young, even very, very young, I was looking at things and going, what's that?

why is that like it's like it is you know what is all this stuff what do I do with everything um and I was very curious like that uh so that I mean that's the type of study um but but I got into study a lot of things so all through my life all the things that I was interested in or had some type of of uh connection with I would learn and I would try to learn all inside out and out and uh and that's how i ended up eventually in philosophy and i learned you know how to learn about my learning and then i learned how to make learning efficient and uh and modify it so you can make you so you can create a really uh intelligent human being from the the resources and do it very quickly too because you can do you can do all these things all these different learning methods I'm giving you are a lot of different things that you could utilize to study with everything and you can spend, we got the conscious seconds there, if we waste them away then they're gone but if we utilize them then we become a better person and that's what I did for my life is I utilize those conscious seconds so then this turned into expression different forms of expression my writings mainly my writings are the were the most important thing things that I had and I guess they still are the courses are very very important because they offer structure and teach you a lot of different things but the writings are really my my pride and joys that I have some some of them more than than others but then then we get different types of media distribution artwork music and stuff like that and we also get different combinations so then you can have artwork and music and if you notice a lot of my articles I'll put in some artwork I did or something like that and we can combine all these different learning methods. So we're learning in multiple ways from all the different perceptions around us and senses. From everything we're sensing we can learn and fine-tune all these senses to most effectively learn so I've had a lot of sleep problems throughout my life I'd say especially as a child you know I didn't sleep much at all two to four hours a night is accurate probably about 70% of the time of my life um so some but but sometimes i'll you know sleep you know six to eight hours a night for like a week or two um but then i'll go for a long time you know with just two to four so i haven't been sleeping but but all this not sleeping is is putting me in a position where i'm what am i going to do you know i'm trying to turn off my brain trying to cut it all off trying to do everything but but just laying there and that's how my parents said just lay there and that's sleep and that's not sleep but so that that made me aware of all these conscious seconds that exist and and then I can utilize those conscious seconds so then eventually instead of just laying there I got a book or or started thinking about things or started writing things down things like that and all this time accumulates and people say oh you're so young but how much time have I spent learning compared to someone else my age and that's a big question you got to ask and how much time have I spent learning compared to some old guy you got to ask that too I mean And there's all these seconds, I'm a different human being because of these things that have happened to me. And if you want to say, okay, let's discredit him because he's young or he looks young or whatever you want to use to discredit me, you got to look at all these hours that have been spent and utilized effectively versus someone else who most likely has not.

And when I say that, I'm saying in general because most people have not done this with their lives, have not spent the time to educate themselves. And if this is one of the first online courses that you are taking, then I want to say that you're doing an awesome job. And these online courses can really help you out. there's going to be a lot more and you can download illegal ones or no you can't you can't do you can't download illegal ones but what in the more of these things come available and more people that are posting these educational videos and the more that we can distribute information and and we the more we can learn how to learn best but so I had this dedication all throughout my life to do this and a lot of this came from my parents who put me through a lot of different activities and I was forced to do these activities and I had to do them every day for a certain amount of time or whatever and all that taught me how to structure myself and then martial arts fine-tuned it, so I was able to be very dedicated towards something and end up making great creations, and I've made a lot of great creations throughout my life, and that's what I spend my life doing is creating, and I'm a creator, but I'm not appreciated for being a creator, so with learning, though, you have to look at your experience, so the way i am now is a result of my past experience how how do i want to be in the future well that's going to be determined by my current experience in combination with my past experience so then you got to ask yourself well what is it that i'm experiencing so where are placing yourself to experience to become a better person.

And this is a lot why I made some of the big decisions that I made in my life because just because it's a big decision and possibly a stupid one does not mean that it's not one that isn't going to help you learn. It might be the most effective method to teach you something. And that's what I've done throughout my life, making these big decisions that end up teaching me something, every one of them.

So the experience is what is teaching me, so we need to look at what it is that we are experiencing. And if what we are experiencing isn't helping towards the person that we want to become, then we need to remove those future experiences of that type out of our future.

But throughout this I learned that qualifications and crap like that doesn't make a man. And I've been doing that by trying to find people who search for, who are intelligent and who have dedicated themselves to certain fields. And I meet them and hang around them and they're jerks. They don't know about life and they don't care.

And I'm not saying that everybody's like that. I'm saying that education isn't what makes a man. And when I say a man, I mean a man or a woman. It's a mankind.

kind, so I'm not being gender inappropriate there. But ultimately all of these journeys, everything is for wisdom. It's searching for wisdom and always looking for what can attach to me and make me a better person and learn better and be a better person in all my everyday experiences. And I am a warrior of wisdom and that was the warrior.

So we look at my psychology now. So the lecture is done, that was the warrior. My psychology lately, I haven't been too keen on music, even though I've been listening to it, it's been, I don't really want to listen to it, and I can't find the music that feels most appropriate, you know, when you get music and you're like, yeah, this is just right for the situation, and I'm struggling to find that, so I've not been very keen on music. I do feel that there's no hope, and I know that there's no hope.

My life is set the way that things are happening is all unraveling, and I know, I almost know I'm I'm pretty sure the way this is gonna turn out so but but never there's never hope there's never hope I've been I've been looking for I've been hoping for I'll talk about this a little bit actually okay I am a man of faith and in every step I have faith that the right thing is going to happen And so even if I go through trials, it was headed towards the right cause or the right end.

But just because I'm a man of faith doesn't mean that I don't question this faith. And me and God fight a lot. I mean, I'm so close to Him. I spend every breath for Him.

Every single step is for Him. Um, and when he abuses me time and time again, and maybe it's not him that's doing it directly, him, it, whatever, um, entity, uh, but, but the thing is you gotta take care of your followers, and, uh, and when that doesn't happen, um, I'm not too happy with God. but but right now I can I can see I and there's no hope and I don't really want to talk about that more I mean I got more but I don't really want to talk about that more but I'm not in a state of dreamy anxiety which would probably classify me as having hope if I was you know trying to find that thing that can make it all better and and they're trying to find that thing that's just gonna fix it all or something you can identify with and it's not it's not gonna happen there's the whole process just causes more suffering and I'm tired of it and that's it that's it I have been eating although I haven't had an appetite I've just been eating because I need to eat to sustain myself and I want to be able to sustain myself through this production so that's what I've been and I've been eating some basic things like bread and stuff like that but but good good amounts usually stuff like that i am dying whether i die from suicide at the end of this course or from an accident or natural causes or some other form of death then each Each moment that I exist in is just getting me closer to that moment. So I have been dying for my entire life.

Death without life makes no sense and this is in a way my reflected life. For even though it is focused on my death, I must track back to my life to make any sense of my death. I might die, and I might not die, and I would much prefer to die, but forever I hold in me some spark that doesn't want to die. And this spark is my warrior spirit to carry on and go on to go through the pain that it takes to get to the other side of the hill and put your flag in that hill but my warrior spirit is dying for all the battles that i have won have also been lost and i sit here with no one in my life who is concerned enough about it to even care about this production stay safe and god bless



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



02-My-Reflected-Death-16-Lecture-8-Go-Structure-Yourself

Greetings and welcome to lecture 8 and this is on society structures. So start off by looking at our environment and I am at the philosophy block at Australian National University and if you're not well versed on the reputations of universities, Australian National University is the top university in Australia for philosophy and if you overlooked when I said that I search for people, I do search for people and I spend, that's what I do with my life is I search for people and I go from place to place looking for people and this was my, my, another move to look for people but it's the move that ultimately showed me that the people, there are no people for me, but I was looking for philosophers, for real philosophers, real-deal philosophers, and I noticed all throughout my education and all the different universities that I've been into in the past, people who studied philosophy were not philosophers, even if they said they were, and I'll explain this in a second. But I came here hoping that it would be different, and this is in the ACT, it's Canberra. And so I came here hoping that the brightest minds of our country would have the wisdom that I was looking for and hopefully accept me into their lives, but that didn't happen at all.

In fact, I learned how it was just the opposite, and now I'll get back to what I was saying before, and that philosophers, philosophy comes from two root Greek words, and that's philo and sophia, and philo means love of, and sophia means wisdom, and what we're doing nowadays with philosophy is love of critical thought. And so anybody that's able to think critically is now a philosopher. And we've gone over, we looked over what the word actually means, which is really ironic since philosophers are supposed to be studying this meaning. they don't they don't do it effectively and they don't look for wisdom and they don't show wisdom in their actions the few that do write about the things that are important don't practically apply those things they're there they're no more than hypocrites that I found that I found so I go through and read thesis after thesis, after thesis, after thesis, and they're all bollocks. And if there's a

thesis that has some essence to it, then I'll track down that person, and then I'll see if they want to be friends, and they never do. And they're rude and hurtful, and they have no wisdom in their actions. So, like I was saying before, just because someone studies philosophy doesn't make them a philosopher for philosophy is the love of wisdom and if you are not showing any of the wisdom that you have learned in your actions then you are not loving wisdom and not only that a lot of these philosophers nowadays study philosophers nowadays just study things about critical thought so all the history of the essence and the passion and reason and and all of that is overlooked and they just learn how to create an argument and make an argument about something that has relatively no practical application and these are these are PhD students and professors and I mean the and these are the guys that they like to think that they're better than everybody and they'll treat you like that too which is really ridiculous because this is that's not what philosophy is about but that's where I am right now I tried to get a room I tried to hire out a room or something or get out of room but they wouldn't let me because I'm not a student here I'm no longer a student anywhere except of life which I've been a a student of always but uh at least I can sit outside I'm in the middle it's like it's a sir I'll show you it's like a circle and I'm in the middle of it or that's sort of to the side but uh it's the middle of the building the complex okay so now we'll start on the society structures and we have individual and collective so we got these two different sides that in the collective is what people can use as consensus as what should be done and the individual is the one that tries to think outside that and and make tries to make their own judgments about what should be done and the collective doesn't like this and there's many many many more hands in the collective because the individuals only one so these hands then try to cover the mouths of those individuals and this leads us to oppression and this is where the collective organizations and groups will oppress people to to get them out of their out of their face really and help and allow them to continue in their own ways whether they are right or wrong and since there's so many hands in the pot there's a lot of hands to punch as well so this this gives them the collective a huge advantage over the individual and even though the individual could have a lot of truth in what they say they will be ignored persecuted and written off as not important and we can get the individual that who is rebelling and they're saying no, this isn't right. You know, they go, they get taught something their whole lives from their cultural makeup, and then they realize that it's wrong. And they get taught all these things from

their education, and they realize that it's wrong. And, I mean, it doesn't mean there's not essences of truth in there, but it's not, there's more reality. There's a better understanding of the reality of these subjects than they are letting on to. So rebelling against society becomes the individual's coping mechanism because there's no other way that they can do it. They're

seeing these things differently and they can't change that. They can't just go along with these things that they have learned differently. So they then stand up and rebel to society and And then society tries to bring them back down and squash them out like a cigarette or something, like a cigarette butt. So we get diversity then happening, and it's not necessarily the individual that's creating this diversity, it's the collective.

And so we get these collective groups that are creating different, segregating human individuals so that they can then be seen as something else other than themselves, so they can divide their humanity between one person to the other, and so they can feel that they're not doing a bad thing by writing them off. So when we divide people up like that, and we see this with race, and there's only something like six genes that make a person's epidermis color, which is their skin color, and we don't even look at that. And we've got so many genes, and why are we worrying about these six genes? But we see the segregation everywhere between man and woman, between different races and groups and cultures, ethnographies. We're getting all these different diversities, and each one's saying

that what they do is right and should be the way or should be the way everything's done and uh and then so you get these different collectives that are oppressing different um in different areas uh and depending on where the individual is is going to be depending on how they are able to cope with those said uh oppressions okay so i want to get into pop culture and uh this is my enemy Pop culture is my enemy because I spend so much time trying to create interesting, entertaining pieces of media distribution to help us learn about the subjects that are most important in our lives. And pop culture is really hard for me because they're always one-upping me and they're not one-upping me on content but just who they are. So their status makes them one-up me, and I feel that all my content is way better than anything that I have managed to see in almost all aspects of pop culture. So by you watching this lecture or watching some of my dramatizations, then you are doing much better for yourself than you would be to watch some of the crap that's on TV and the radio and all those other forms that I fight so hard against.

so capitalism is the problem though and that's what encourages this and I'll just I'll name drop a few things first and then explain how they work together because there's a synthesis here happening so we have capitalism we have the government and we have different classes that are interacting um they're they're the capitalism's like a poker game and and you're going to have one person or a few people that end up coming out of it or you have many poker games or whatever and you're going to have one person that ends up getting the whole pot but then how are you going to keep other people in the pot well you're going to give them a small shavings of what you have so So that way they can keep you working for an indefinite period of time.

And the government and the leaders, the government is the one that's regulating this and allowing these corporations to, encouraging and helping these corporations function in this manner through all their policies and procedures that they systematize to encourage the growth, the exponential growth, which the exponential growth cannot continue growing. It's not one of those types of things, but we haven't learned that yet.

So you get corporations, and there's a board of directors, And then that board of directors then pushes their regulations onto the administration staff. And then that administration staff then pushes their regulations onto the employees. And then the employees push those regulations on the customers. And then those customers push those regulations on their kids.

And then their kids push those regulations on their toys through objective anxiety, and we repeat the process. And this works through universities as well. It's the same thing that's happening through that. It's all about control, though, and we want control to see where the future is going to go.

everybody wants control but but they're the problem with these methods of control is that where we're leaving them to organizations that don't have a soul there's no face in these organizations and and then they can get away with anything they want and then they can they and they can teach they can guide how you live your life or they do guide how you live your life they'll their advertisements and and when they get people signing up or whatever then those people they get customer bases and then those grow or decrease or so but but they it's all about wanting to be the biggest and the baddest wolf both within all these aspects within our pop culture popular our economy, our government, and organizations, that's all what it's about, and they're all trying to get their hands in the pot to be able to maintain their status, and that status gives themselves a sense of longevity for their organization or whatever they're trying to accomplish, which usually is just for the sake of itself. So let's create a factory to create factory parts. Let's create a factory to create washing baskets. And this one factory will create washing baskets. And why? Well, it's going to create it. And why? Because we're going to get

more washing baskets. So what are we going to do with those washing baskets? Let's sell them. Okay, so what are we going to do after that? We're going to continue to make washing baskets. And

then what are we going to do after that? You got my point. But the whole thing is they want to keep making those washing baskets so they can keep getting that dollar and then distributing a very small portion of that to their employees. So you're getting all this extra wealth that's being accumulated by the small part of the minority in society and this is the bad minority because they're the ones that are wanting to oppress and they're the ones that ultimately are making you oppress other people by by indoctrinating you into a certain way of looking at the world so then we have past infrastructures and we got to consider these because we're always building building off what we had before and it's all been a piecemeal operation to most extent there's very few times in history that we managed to to create something new and when we do manage to scratch something and create something new then we we bring we bring along with us what we had before because we're we can't ultimately just change our lifestyles so we have to so we have to piecemeal these things so you get from the history you're getting people standing on I think it's got standing on giant shoulders and the problem is is that continuing to stand on people's shoulders you're going to get faulty foundations and the whole thing is going to collapse. And that's because we don't live in

the same times that other people used to. So by doing things the way that other people used to is not the best way because we got to look at now. And in order to do that, that means that we're going to have to scratch things and start over again and again and again. And each time we're looking for improvement but we don't do it that way we we stick with you know what we had before make that continue to grow and don't worry about anything else along the way which don't worry about our humanity uh so but so you're getting classes and you're getting races and you're getting um religions and different types of cultures and i want to talk about classes you You know, you got like middle class, low class, high class, but you get a lot of different classes within these classes, and so you get lots of groups everywhere, and you get people that don't fit into the classes at all, and these groups usually interact in a certain way. Like a lot of the low class that I've noticed uses a lot of profanities in their

language. And this does get on my nerves because I like meaning. And when you abuse a language, I don't mind the profanities when they're used meaningfully, but when you abuse it, then that's not really cool. My eyes are corrupting the language and I don't like happening but I end up having to be around these people often not socially communicating or anything but just being around them because I have to get free food and to get free food you have to be in those types of places and and I'm not and and before that before but when I was looking for a place you know a year ago I got put into places that are more than a year ago now but I kept on getting put into places that were very very bad people breaking in my room and people trying to steal stuff and people being mean to me and and a lot of drug addicts that would be happy to steal from you and it was it wasn't a very nice experience so I mean that does and I have a middle class I was born sort of into no kind of low to middle class I've always been kind of poor but we had nice how like eventually we had a nice house and eventually we had a pool and this is when I was young and I didn't experience that for very long because I left to Australia after that but you get these different classes and they all interact in different ways and if you don't interact in the same way that they do then they reject you and that's what happens with me that's why I get rejected everywhere because I don't interact in the same way that anybody interacts and that's because I've been everywhere like I've been so many different places that I have picked up on a lot of different things it's like I write and my writing is terrible but my writing is terrible because when I was in school I went to so many different schools as a child and when I was taught to write I got taught to write in different ways so they're like no don't do your A's like this do your A's like this and then don't do this do this like this and I kept on having to try to compensate for these things I was learning and then have to relearn and so so my writing is terrible because of consistently jumping from place to place and I want you to think about that because it's not just my writing it's everything about me it's how it's it's what you're getting right now and me talking and the structure of the language that I use I mean it's all been it's a development and if you don't stick to one perspective then you will become something unique and that's where you become an individual so but but then people don't like that they they're frightened of that what's unknown is a is dangerous so then you got to stay away from that and then that's what you guys that's what you guys have done to me so and races as well we got a lot of racism happening there it's only gotten better like recently and it's still not it's still not good um but we have slavery all throughout our history we got um we got massacres everywhere we got a lot of sexism um going on as Well, and then racial sexism, and there's a lot of terrible things that we're doing.

But the thing is that all these classes are conditioned through these corporations and the government organizing these corporations, and that's through their social structures. And that's what this whole lecture is about, is about social structures. So we'll go on. The economy is an important factor. With these corporations, they're looking at how to make as much money possible and how they're going to do that. They need workers, so let's get these workers to make this product or service, and then let's pay them some money to do it.

But how are we going to get them to stay and continue to work for us, well let's not give them very much or let's give them just enough to make a comfortable lifestyle but always want more. This will create a continuity, a secure longevity, or at least in the corporations' minds. This gives security to the foundations of the corporations. This is where they'll exploit their workers so that they can get the maximum profit in their own pockets.

And a lot of these corporations just like to keep money. I'm not saying all do, but there's so much money there that's just banked around. And not just banked, invested, there's a lot of investment. So we got a lot of money, what are we going to do?

Let's invest it somewhere. another in like an oil company or or a coal seam gas company or something like that something terrible and that's what a lot of these corporations do which is why it's good to know the activities of the corporations that you you you shop with because you know how ethical what you are doing because you're the one shopping there you're responsible for for the your own actions and if you're supporting evil than you are in turn doing evil okay so we got consumables then and we create a lot of different types of consumables which this as a result of the Industrial Revolution now we can create these bulk products that are all the same and in a very efficient method okay well we've gone past that now we want bulk products that are all different and so we make a huge range of different different colors and different shapes and different types of the same type of item and and then we can we can display it to everybody so that they can then choose what it is that they want and then when they they can choose how they feel that they are which is then the individual and this is how the the collective is suppressing the individualism in in our spirits and this is by uh by giving us a little bit of bait that or maybe a little bit of poison um and uh what the collective carries out is is putting into our minds that we need a certain type of item and i say type so then we then choose and we feel that that item makes us an individual so and we create this identification with it and and you go and buy a car and you get all excited about this car and then you feel so comfortable you might want to name it or or do it up or something like that and and it's just yours it is part of you and then you do that with the phone and then you do that with clothes and you might have a huge wardrobe and those clothes are part of you and um and we're doing this with all of our products uh not just out where the places we eat you know if there's like a good status place you know then um you want to be seen there and and we're i mean we're getting all these different things that are uh falsifying uh i'm not sure if that's the right word maybe faking this individualism. And the real core of individualism is to be able to become what you are, to be able to stand out of the crowd through your own search and your own journey and not just blindly accept what it is that everybody's saying. So this is how now I don't see many individuals at all in the world. Everybody seems to be, and I say seems to

be, because I only have my own subjective experience, but they seem to be just sleepwalking and just carrying out their day-to-day activities which have been prescribed to them through their social enframement. So we talked about the hierarchy of the social structures that play a part in the individual's life. And now I want to talk about the individual playing a part in those social structures. So we're going to flip the situation. So we look at

people. We need to look at people. And think of yourself or think of another as we go through this. And we have family. So this is your cultural indoctrination. And they're teaching

you to do things a certain way and disciplining you. So you then create a certain, and this is why you're growing and you don't understand anything so you create a certain world view on everything and this world view then comes with attachments as far as how you're to treat each other and what you're to do with your time and and how you're to love your family and how you're to spend time and care with your family and those sort of values are are indoctrinated within your social upbringing as a child okay then we gotta look at friends you know so we get friends in education we get friends from education we'll go to school or or Or we'll have friends from parents that have friends who have children or different situations like that. Then we'll start to obtain friends. And these friends are all looking for love. I mean, it's the same thing we're all looking for.

but they're trying to expand upon their own social potential. So then we look at the structures of the education system, and they give you a little bit of mental stimuli while a little bit of physical stimuli and a little bit of social stimuli, and and they balance those out taking over your pretty much your life because it's the the nine-to-five sort of thing and this is preparing you for the nine to five type employment situation that's what these schools function for so but then you get these these friends which you then create attachments to and I'm gonna explain this in a little bit more detail than I wanted to but okay so you have friends that are there because you you were looking for certain type of trait in others that you wanted in yourself so this is like a subjective anxiety as we were talking about with Kierkegaard and and then you get those friends around you that that possess some of those of those qualities and And then those friends, then, sorry, as you look for these friends, you're looking for what you feel, usually from a result of your upbringing, but what you feel is the most accepted or popular, and that's where we're going to get into pop culture, but we're going to use it in a school system. So then we get the popular kid. And most people want to be a part of the popular kid's life. And how did this popular kid become popular? Well, he probably had an upbringing that influenced him to a lot of the different pop culture understandings.

and then they became that type of person through trying to look for what traits they wanted to possess in others and then taking those traits, and we all want to be loved, and we're always trying to find meaning in life, so we're looking to help others love us. So to be popular, then maybe people would want to love us, and this is what we're getting into with the popular kids. And then we get the outcast kids, which are people that haven't been able to develop the social interactions or even ability to grasp life on a level like that um that are doing really poor and even i mean it has very little to do with looks i mean i've seen really popular people who are and i've seen really unpopular people who are and um so so we're getting and so we get these different divisions and we're getting segregation again um so how are we going to deal with all these different types of people from their social upbringings and their biological makeup um and their psychology how are we going to deal with them well uh the best thing to do then is to create structures so then you have the freaks and the norms and the preps and the geeks and the nerds and and you're getting all these different structures that you can then uh try to integrate yourself into and then you also you get the goths and then you get the people that don't fit into anything and end up being the one sitting alone and uh and all these groups are teaching us too so let's find a group and then we'll learn how to exist how to be how to how to communicate and how to interact um and these people that were around will teach us this and so these people that don't get that then don't get to learn these um these values which i'm not saying is a bad thing because a lot of these values aren't necessarily a good thing so we got to look at what it is what our values truly are okay so you get colleagues along the well we're developing about a school now I talked more about that than I planned to but we're getting colleagues now so the people are not really friends you know you work with them or are you you have you do something with them and they're just there and we don't really want to get too close to them usually I mean sometimes things develop but uh but that's our colleagues so we're still able to split ourselves from others we get acquaintances so we get people that we meet along our life path but we never get to really know or spend much time with and then these become acquaintances and and most of my life is filled with acquaintances and because people don't generally dislike me until they get to know me but they people generally like me until until they get to know me and but but I'm people always moving me along so i never get to really know anybody um so i get a lot of people that like me throughout my journeys um but nothing ever happens and they never go visit my website i mean no no one around me ever checks out my website i'm only getting internet users on my website um so we get a home and this is something that is important too because i'm homeless um i have like nowhere and I have had nowhere for a long time but people are situated and these lifestyles that are being created through these processes are situated lifestyles and I want to defend homelessness here I'm not saying that I I want to be homeless forever or anything like that but I want to defend homelessness and say that maybe it's not such a bad thing if we learn how to treat the problem because why why does it matter i mean we all share this world if we can share this world without uh without it causing any problems then why is homelessness a social problem and uh but but but that the way that people are ingrained to think is that it is because they've been given this home and they might move from place to place from time to time but they always have a place to stay and there's always people that will help them with moving their things or anything like that and plus people accumulate so many things they don't want to move so they can get even more situated and then when they think about homelessness They have no understanding to comprehend what it could mean to live a lifestyle like that. And we got to learn how to see these things from different angles instead of looking at everything as everything is a problem.

And if we go back to the psychology of the biomedical field, that's what it's doing. It's saying this is a problem. Instead of saying, okay, what caused this problem so we can make it all better, they look at this is a bad thing, and it's like there's a war on drugs, and you're doomed to lose it. That's why alternative and complementary medicine can be good fields to investigate, because they don't necessarily look at all of the things that aren't necessarily normal as negative but all of our systems that we have set up that at least are available to the people that can't afford a lot are not doing that whatsoever so then we get to go on to what we do. So we get TV and television is what we do a lot. Not me, not me. And I have. I've

gone through spurts of television, but usually meaningful shows and movies and stuff like that. But to waste our lives away on it is what we've sort of done. And we're always on it. We made it a routine in our lives. And the people that aren't are no longer

of the same breed i guess and and they reject them out so if you don't want to talk about you know what happened on so-and-so show last night then uh to then i don't want to be your friend because this is what my life is revolved around and this is what so many people's lives are revolved around um but but the thing is television is such a great technology that we could take and make our own and and utilize it to make our species into something grand and all these electronic methods are what you're getting right now is something that we could really really tweak and I tweak all the time as you notice I I'm tweaking all the time trying to make things better and easier for you so we get sports and you very um watch the or you're going to watch the clip in the readings today, you're going to watch the clip on sports and sociology. And I won't talk too much about that because of this clip, but basically we're creating these things that then cause further segregation and further oppress us, but we then invest their lives into it and we find the team that we like the best and we root for them and we'll have have arguments and fights even over over whose team is better I mean we see this even with like racing and you know Holden versus Ford and and all those sorts of things so in education education is a really important thing because what education system do we have set up right now and why is it not providing services that people need and what services do people need? Well, there's a lot of services that it refuses to provide that it doesn't look at a holistic sense. It's only looking at the part and it's doing that for a purpose because it doesn't want you to look at the holistic sense because when you look at the holistic sense then it changes the situation and you might make decisions that they will not like and they being well we got all these uh high this hierarchy of social structures that is controlling our every move and every thought and i'm not trying to be a paranoid guy but i mean that is the way that our world functions and it's not not like they're controlling every thought right now and me but the way our structures are and the people that they don't get to doesn't matter it's because the majority is what matters so when they're not trying to get to everybody and see i do these things i'm trying to get to everybody i'm trying to get to your heart um but they're not doing that they're only there they know that there's going to be, I can't think of the term, but a portion that isn't going to get influenced in the way they want to. And a lot of times they'll set up, let's say, a campaign against

one area that won't get, but then it'll create groups. I don't want to talk about this much more because I've got to go on and this is going to be a long lecture. But within that we got children as well. Let me just note education as well. Sorry, not education, status.

So we get people that are aiming for different status positions, positions of status and and lucrative positions as well, and they want to then, and they feel that that's them. They've worked their whole lives getting there, and then that's them, so they've done such a good thing. But does someone's status make a man? I said children, sorry, back to children.

So we then feel, we've broken away from community because community used to be, you know, wherever you were with the people around you. But now we live in, you know, small subdivisions or whatever, and we probably don't even know our neighbors nor want to. And we don't talk to people walking down the streets or anything. And we stuck everybody in big cities.

and uh and we get these uh these different towns or developments of how how a city works and um and how people where people live and their classes and different sexual structures that that have account over that and then the children um and i want to make this point I want to stress this point. And that meaning is not in children. And now I'll explain. So what these infrastructures are doing is they how are we going to keep longevity over the period of next generation? So how are we going to make these washing baskets, you know, 30 years from now?

All right. And the government is looking at these things, too. So we're getting we're getting the governments and corporations to to unite and and both looking at these these developments and how we're going to do that. Well, let's do it through families and having family.

I'm not talking about your family. I'm talking about having more family. And that's why everybody's, you know, when you're going to have a kid or when you're going to have kids, usually it's kids. And that's why we're expected to have children is because then they can be brought up in these same structures and then indoctrinated in ways that they can then become economically profitable to these systems.

And so you say, oh, I'm having a kid because I want to have a kid. And I think that very unlikely in most situations, but I'm not the judge. We should be focusing on ourselves, which is the individual. and if we have children or whatever then that's good and we should bring them up in the way that we feel best but that is not purpose we got to work on ourselves and not not someone else it's always it's always within not not not from outside so that but that's why we're doing all and and there's more reasons i'm not going to get into them because this lecture is long but But there's more reasons about children that the reason why we feel the way we do about having them.

And a lot of it's changed as well since the development of the pill for women and now we can be more careful whereas before sex was a very careful application because you didn't want children if you weren't prepared to have children. and now we've developed a lot from then.

So then we get a discipline, and everybody, sorry, children. So we discipline these children to be these certain ways, and we do that from how we were disciplined and what we've learned about the faults of how we were disciplined, and then we're disciplining them. And then they grow up from those, and they are molding into our current society, which is forever changing, and that's the reason why it's changing because the person that had the children figure out new methods that they disliked about their past, and that's what they're doing. And they're looking after their future well-being.

They're looking to not only look after their physical and mental well-being, but their own well-being, which people want to continue their bloodline, and they feel that it's awkward to think about not continuing your bloodline and uh and that is because we we feel that we have to go beyond ourselves it's like reaching for the infinite you know i have to go beyond me and uh so how are we going to do that let's have a kid because then when i die then i'm still sort of here and that's how it's looked at but but i want to tell you that your bloodline is is kin to me and kin to every other individual on this planet and if we cannot see that then we're having problems and look at our society there's problems everywhere if you only can look at it from an objective perspective trying to step outside of your own social indoctrination about the status though about someone's status they go through a ladder I just wanted to mention that so it's like the carrot on the head tied to it and I think you've seen that in Alan Watts video so so it's like okay this I gotta get this okay you get that okay now what I got gotta get this gotta go here yeah yeah I get that um gotta do that gotta do that okay so you're always developing you're like okay so now that i'm of this status i gotta be at this status and that's okay now that i'm at this status and you never really get to the top but i mean the person who does then goes well i've wasted my life but uh those people were a few and far and few between so we have forgotten how to love and that's how i wanted to end this uh this video we've forgotten and how to die. And in order to love, we must die and we must learn to die. And in order to love, we must look at these situations and then keep these in our minds as we interact with our world. Okay, lecture's done, but I did want to talk about the immortal soul and uh and i wanted to talk about that because this is the me this is my my reflected death and uh i only want to talk about it shortly though because i don't i don't have many ideas on this but um i i don't think it's it's practically relevant so do i have an immortal soul will i will i go to heaven or hell or some other realm of existence after this death um Well, I guess I could, it's possible, depending on how my spiritual makeup is, functions, and how that functions with everything else that I can understand, it could be possible.

It has a probability, but to rely on these things and to invest oneself, including their beliefs, into something like this is a practically irrelevant moral judgment because you only have this one second right now to do what you're going to do, and you're going to do what you're going to do. This one second right now, you're going to do what you're going to do. And we need to look at that one second that's in front of us and say, okay, well, what am I going to do this one second? And this is our moral responsibility.

And to think of anything outside that, to try to put one's faith into anything outside of that is losing sight of one's entire life because it has no practical relevance whatsoever and we're only asserting. That's all we can ever do is just assert. I got more but it's long lectures so i hoped you enjoyed that in the central spot that has the world has the world's greatest minds among it sorry australia's actually the world's too because there's always people visiting from uh from everywhere always really um really high position people that are visiting that are really really smart they're visiting from everywhere and they they make good arguments about crap that doesn't matter so i'll leave you with that stay safe



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



02-My-Reflected-Death-17-Ode-to-Parents

Like everything in life parenting is a learning process. You should always make sure you give your child time give them spend time with them and Give them the time of day when they ask for it and make sure that you give them the time of day when they don't ask for it too make sure that you understand your child make sure that what what is on from their perspective make sure you can see things from their perspective so why do they do the things that they do you got to find that out otherwise you won't be able to listen to them you know you got to say you got to listen you got to learn to listen and that means standing back from yourself and really hearing them out because sometimes they'll give you perspectives that might challenge your own and this isn't a bad thing but if we discourage then it can become a bad thing. Show care with your actions. So don't just say, oh I care so much but don't know what to do or anything like that. It's your job

to find out what to do. So you must care care for your child with your actions and without actions there is no care. There's no love without actions. We have to be the ones to bring it into the world. Always keep contact and try to

reconcile with your child if anything goes wrong make sure that you and your child are on good terms even if you have parted ways because you don't want any bad blood and there's black I'm saying that but there's bad blood all throughout my family but I've always tried to make it better but but there's always been problems with that so be respectful so respect your child even from a young age respect your child always respect your child and expect the same back so that your child should respect you be proud of your child so whatever your child's made their life into even if you don't necessarily agree with it then just be proud because they're there you're you are their fruits and they have to live with it independent of who of who you are they have to live with the consequences of your own actions and who their child is be a good role model for your child so try to be the person that you think that you should be depending on your circumstances. Try to be someone that your child can look up to and admire. Be a friend to your child. A lot of people say, oh, you can't be friends with your child. That's bull crap. Be a friend to your child. We should all be friends. We're just all

people here and why not be friends you know we're all humans so encourage your child and encourage them a lot but you got to be careful not to drive them too hard don't don't drive them let them drive themselves even if they have some accidents from time to time but but encourage them never ignore a grown child there might be some stages that you might have to ignore your child when they're growing up to show them that there's other things that are important in the world to teach, but don't ignore a child. If they're screaming, there's generally a reason why, and we've got to figure out those whys. And that's something that happens so much is people ignore their children. And this goes back to understanding, is we've got to listen and understand what they're saying but if we ignore them and especially we might like I've been ignored a lot for for long periods of time just not even acknowledged as a human being and that's not cool we shouldn't do things like that do not harm your child do not hit your child do not use any physical abuse towards your child even if you think that that is a correct way of disciplining And the fact of the matter is that there's much better, more effective, more humane methods of discipline out there.

And to physically discipline is not one of those methods. We've outgrown that. We can get beyond this.

So mentor your child. Try to be someone that your child can come to and talk about their issues. and then you can maybe give them some ideas to help them with whatever they're going through.

So be the person that they can come to for a guide but doesn't force any opinions because we each got to live our own lives. food and shelter on reasonable grounds so if both parties can communicate in healthy manners and and get along together then we we should really make sure that we provide this parents the parents need to provide the food and shelter this age thing doesn't matter and I'll get I'll get it on to that later but I will continue with what we're doing encourage questions so whenever your child questions things and current questions are good questions are really good excuse me sorry I have a sneeze coming on but I can't get it out okay so encourage all questions there's a lot of stupid questions that aren't so stupid and if we like really think about the question and we can go hey that's a bit profound let's think about it that way they can teach children are wonderful teachers remove any hostility we got to get all this this crap this baggage we gotta remove it so we're not trying to we're all trying to get along together in this world we need to remove any hostility that we have towards each other and forgive those things in the past that that have created that hostility we need to put that in our past and so not not bury it but uh but let it go beyond let's let us go beyond those things it does it doesn't matter people will be people and we only got get this conscious second to try to get through so let's try to get through this conscious second the best we can and do Kind gestures. Children always appreciate kind gestures. If it turns to be like money or something like that, that's always appreciated too.

But it doesn't have to be any gestures to show that you care. And be careful not to hold those gestures over your child's head. When you do something out of kindness, it is not a leverage point at an argument for a later date. It is a kind act that you do out of compassion because you want to and that's the reward in itself and not you being able to hold anything over anyone else's head.

Do what you can to see them so if they're far away and you have the ability to get there, then do what you can to see them. If you can't, then that's okay, but I mean, try your best. It's when people really like it when you can go and see them, and a lot of times, most of times, parents are in a better situation than their children financially. That's because they've had a lot longer time to sort it all out than the children, and the parents got to recognize this.

So don't make anything about money. It's never about money. Life is about relationships and love.

When dealing with your children, don't make anything about money as far as your expressions to them. Obviously, teach them how to finance and things like that. But don't make this love thing about money. Make it about care.

these families to be good families we got to care about each other never so expect sorry support the dream support their dreams so you got to make sure that whenever they come up with these idea ideas that they want to be this person or this person or this type of person or do this or do that then you got to support these things their minds will change many many times but that's not different for anybody we're all on journeys and we're all changing what we do and where we're headed but each each step of the way we need to be encouraged as to what we think is best from our own life experience educate so educate yourself to not only your own life but your the life of your kids educate yourself to life in general educate yourself to history and dedicate yourself to the the life that the child has so all the interest and the troubles are now also your troubles and your interests so take on the lives of others that are around you embrace those lives and and don't just live out your own life to live outside yourself if you got a big family I want to explain a bit of a time bomb that you have so if you have a big family and you have problems with integration with a few one or more of those family members and they're just not communicating effectively to any of them then you have a big problem on your hands and you're asking for trouble and that is just something that is going to end up with bad results if you don't take care of it so these individuals that don't effectively communicate with their their siblings there is a problem there and you need to to remedy that quickly otherwise you're gonna have other results like me so don't influence over your child's style or the way they want to be don't don't try to dominate any one particular style or our fashion or stereotype or anything like that try try to let your child make those decisions and let them wear stupid things it doesn't matter we're all going to learn we just be be supportive of what they do and and if you do that then you're hopefully they'll become the best people that they can be from their own experience by and you encouraging that experience in a healthy direction so it doesn't mean you have to like these things and you can it doesn't mean that you have to say go yeah awesome that's awesome that you do that but you and you can mentor and tell them what you really think but you don't don't put down laws and regulations about stuff like that it doesn't matter hey dude we talked about not hitting your child so what what methods think can we use to discipline so we got to look at punishments and really analyze punishments um and we got to create these punishments based off the individual that's in question so each punishment needs to be different towards the person that because each person has different values and holds close different things and and we need to think about these things and what would really be a punishment so what would really teach teach your child the the best depending on their own particular psychology so we got we got to learn these things and then we can we can teach him better methods so let's take away something that your child really does care about I am I'm not saying do that because I'm not I'm skeptical of that I guess if I ever have children which I doubt then then I'll have to make some decisions about that but at the moment I just look at it don't lie don't lie this should stand true to most situations don't don't lie to your child don't don't say anything that's going that that is intended in a different way or or could come back on you later be honest I do network network both yourself and your child so network yourself into all the things that you like doing and maybe your child will like doing some of those things too and and also network your child into areas that they like to find other places to that could assist your child's networking so then he can develop communities himself as well and you should have already by now develop communities yourself that are that are headed in the direction that you want to pass on to your child so look at the child's interest. Don't dominate your own interest over that. Just always make sure you look at your child's interest, not what you think best for your child. What their interest, and interest comes from it's interested. You know, what are

they interested in? We need to figure out that before we can find out their interest. Their interest isn't necessarily to have food on the table and shelter above their head. We've got to look at interests.

And then you can also discipline the most effective if you see these interests and know these interests too. And you could sympathize and empathize with them if you had to go under those disciplines and were them as well. So we would make better decisions about how we were to do that with. Do not coddle your child.

Back in the day, I mean this was probably only 150 years ago or so, back in the day, I mean that's really typically nothing in the big scheme of things. But it was the census, you had to be counted in the census, you had to be a child, I think it was over the age of eight. And that was because they could become chimney sweeps and so they didn't really care. know they had a lot of children a lot of them died and and then the ones that didn't die became human beings I'm not saying that's the way to go either but we we've overcompensated from the bang of capitalism by by coddling our children and making them over loving them over sheltering them over protecting them don't don't do that your child you brought the child into to your life to enhance your life don't don't make it live your life so the child's responsibility this whole thing's been about the parents responsibility and the child's responsibility is to find out who they are and this is their responsibility that's it you got to understand that they did not choose their own existence. You have forced this upon them. I cannot no longer exist because I didn't

want to exist to begin with because my parents forced my own existence on them. And that rings true for every single individual out there. So it is your own responsibility as a parent to look after the existence that you created through your own selfish desires. Don't say, oh, it wasn't, it's bull crap.

Those were your own selfish desires to have that child. And if anyone has a child, then you've got to admit that. So then you brought a life into the world that had no choice in the matter. And whenever they struggle with things, then you also need to struggle with those things because this life has come from you.

each conscious second of the remainder of your life you the parent have these responsibilities so choose your next step wisely and whether you pass or fail is up to you



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



02-My-Reflected-Death-18-The-Price-Is-Right

How much is the free power that brought you this production worth? What value can we place on it? Fight Club is, you do not talk about Fight Club. Second rule of Fight Club is, you do not talk about Fight Club.

Third rule of Fight Club, someone yells stop, throws limp, taps out, the fight is over. Fourth rule, only two guys can fight. Fifth rule, no fight at a time, folks. Sixth rule, no shirts, no shoes.

Seventh rule, fights can go on as long as they have to.

And the eighth and final rule, this is your first night at Fight Club.

You have to fight.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



02-My-Reflected-Death-19-Lecture-9-Society-4-Us

Here I am looking at a beautiful view and I don't think my camera can catch it very well. This was what was so significant about the other video I Can Do It when I was going.

Because we're looking on to the capital building of Australia and off to the distance, just right out there, you can see a big flag. I'm not sure if you can really see it, but it's a beautiful view. And that's what's so significant about the spot that we're at right now and the lecture that we're doing. So, we're going to talk about society for us.

Because we're always sort of asked throughout our lives, you know, what are we going to do for society? But we forgot to ask about, hey, wait, what can society do for us? Isn't society built for people?

And thus it should be a model to develop these people and help these people. So we should be taking advantage of society. So we're going to talk about these dynamics through this lecture.

First, I want to say that I'm changing this. This was originally made around 10 lectures, but around lecture 5, I started to notice that I was going to need more because I have more content to give about this subject to explain it most effectively. And that's just how it works. Things change.

And as you notice, I'm always modifying things. I'm not going to stop doing that as long as I'm giving. When I learn better things, I always go to those better things.

So we talk about society, and let's think about it on how it's structured. Okay, so we have these rigid structures everywhere. We have our systems that have to have a number attached to our name, and then we become that number because the system processes these numbers. and you get on a database and you have all your contact information and information about your person in the hands of someone else who is then administering your life.

But we have these rigid structures and we get it with companies and everything. We get it all around, you know, take out your wallet and have a look and you can see for yourself how connected you are with your environment and the environment that people create which then becomes society. But if we stand back and try to look at what we should do as a society, if you've noticed we built these rigid structures and a lot of that was built from the modernity and we'll talk about that later but let's look at how we function so what is our nature and why don't we live in accord with our own nature instead of trying to build these rigid structures so we need to look at it from an organic model so how does our organic body work when we have when we're cut what happens well everything goes to the area of like your energy goes to the focus area and and your body works really hard to fix that one area but our systems aren't structured like that. Our systems don't, they try to cut off those areas. They try to ignore those

areas. If they don't see it, then it doesn't exist. But our organic nature doesn't do that. So why are we living against the way that our nature is going? So why do we work for

society, why can't we get society to work for us and be helpers for us to become whatever it is that we want to become, but we've taken it the other way and now society is the one that tells us how we should live a life instead of us telling it how we want to live our lives. This has to do with capitalism, everything is linked and it will go on. I think you will probably be noticing by now that we are getting a lot of different connections here and everything is going intertwined everywhere. Okay, so how can society then enable its population to be as happy as possible and being as happy as possible is doing what you really want to do in life and I'm not talking about because this this should be driven towards healthy people you know what is it that you really desire and the whole capitalistic thing says I desire a lot of money a lot of money a lot of money a lot of money and I see that everywhere but that's not what is instead why don't we look at what it is that you really desire to do try to find that spend time trying to find that and then and then once you find that you compassionately commit yourself to that that particular area and we can get much better results at the end of the day so why don't we look at how to make society enable all its people not not not just most of its people or the collective or the people that will follow or people that fit certain criteria, but all of its people.

And how are we going to do this, well, we can do it through integration. So we need to figure out where there's disintegration, we need to figure out where there are problems, we need to have people on the lookout for these problems, and we need to figure out how to integrate every being into the best possible place that they would like to be and enable them to be able to help them along to get to where they need to be. And that's society's responsibility is to do this, to enable its population to become a healthy population healthy and flourishing population and I'm all for human flourishing but we are not flourishing and just because science might show that we are and we're continuing to learn certain perspectives as a as our consciousness goes if we don't look at these issues we are not a flourishing species whatsoever we are just we are doing things for the sake of itself so we we had we each have a responsibility because we're each a part of the member we're each a member of society and that means that each of us are going to need to be on the lookout for these things to and if we're part of a community that we think we would like another person or we would be okay with another person coming in on that is a bit of a stray we need to start doing that because I mean that we're all trying to get along and if we can't if no one look if we ignore people then then we're going to cause problems so then society's responsibility is to ensure happiness and it's to be like the good bacteria you know oh there's there's a problem happening here, the good bacteria go in and fight it off and say, yay, we did good. And then they check the systems to make sure that there's no other bad bacteria that's going to cause any trouble. So we got to do this through the whole system. Remember the

organic view. We got to look at everything, not just particular focuses that we have dedicated our societies to because that's not necessarily going to be the most appropriate method for the future. So we need to broaden our scope. We're looking at things very, very one-sided. We're not using our peripheral vision. So we broaden our scope and look at all

sorts of things. And let's look at this with medicine. So we need to write our scope and everything, any understandings we need to consider instead of just writing things off. We look at medicine and we have the physical and the mental side of medicine and these These are through an inductive approach, so one perspective of knowledge, which we'll get into next lecture, and big ants, there's huge ants around here, okay, so we get the physical saying, okay, an ideal person is like this, and then we're getting the mental saying, okay, an ideal person is like this, and this is from their inductive approaches based around their hypothesis that they think to be what they think to be a normal person.

So we're getting all these value judgments within physical and mental subcategories of medicine and surgery and all different perspectives and not just the medicine field but actually administering medicine to people. And this medicine causes a lot of other things to go strange in your system. So then they have side effects and those side effects could have long-term damage and we got a way out whether the side effects are are worth what it's doing to you and we don't consider these things because we're we're pushing medicine as the only um the only good uh and and as we've learned the medicine field is really good for immediate attention but it's not necessarily so good for longevity if we look at i mean people still die and uh and i guess we're always going to have that problem but that's our human condition if we can't learn to die then we're not really going to develop as a species as far as the way I see it and I know I say stuff like that all the time but that's the way I see it and I only have my subjective interpretation um to go on and uh and if I can't see anything outside and I'm looking for it every day I'm looking for the black swan every day and when I can't see it then uh and I've spent my life looking for it then I'm making my judgments And until I find otherwise, then those are my judgments from my own experience. Okay, but so we broaden the scope and let's say, okay, look at the mental side of things.

Instead, let's look at personality type indicators. And like the Myers-Briggs things, it tells you what type of personality you have. Let's do more investigations on these. Let's really learn how people work and worry about the individuals and especially the ones that stand out and are different.

Get things that can help, not only material so that you can learn about yourself, but also directions and possibility guides and career options, but not what we have. What we have is crap. We need like a lot to be able to help a person and not only that, by doing these, we're getting rid of stereotyping because we're going to be continuing to divide it up and we're always going to be looking for something different so and when something different comes along we'll be getting and we'll be developing these structures organically and then we can also look at all sides of the coin we can look at we look at science and look at all and and and different in philosophy we look at everything in religion, theology, whatever you want it to look, we can look at all these different subjects and divide them up. And this could reduce stereotyping. So people fall in spectrums

instead of being this or that. So everybody would fall in spectrums, not just the ones who tend to mentally struggle in life. And we can find that the ones that tend to mentally struggle in life okay why do they mentally struggle in life and this information could uh could help us find these things out and when we do it on love and an organic approach trying to help these people then uh and we'll talk about that in a second but um but yeah yeah so we can then uh do we can give personality guidance. So your personality type, I mean, and I think what we have right now is too broad. We need to develop the systems a lot more with this, but then we, and we could offer placement

and look for like work placements for these types of individuals. And I mean, we could offer these services to everybody. So if anybody wants to learn where their statistics thinks that they would be happiest, then they could do all this and then they could decide for themselves or not or however they want to live their lives. But our society can be ones to set up structures to be able to help people like that. So in turn, you would get headhunters

and like not-for-profit organizations that are government-funded that look for people that they could make a position for or that they could help make a position for themselves. And I'm talking about working very closely with these people too, giving them the time of day Because once you set up someone and give them their life's passion, help them guide them to their life's passion, then you have a worker in a very interesting field for the rest of that worker's life. so you're helping your society by doing this and so we could make these these like people so then people we get people that are good at finding people and then these people are good at networking people and and can offer someone's life to open up so instead of saying oh we're gonna give you money or we're gonna give you food or we're going to give you a crap payment and you go look for work or whatever. Work very closely with these people.

Really learn these people and then either find a position or make a position that could help this person achieve these passions that they have. And we need to really look on character there. Will this person be able to do this? But we need to look at time as well because the current schemes, we do have a few current schemes in Australia that can help someone start their own business.

But they're crap and it doesn't take much time and you only get like six months until you have to make good money. And it's a really difficult thing and we don't really get the support that we need. So we need to really help these places. And if they're doing really good works, then maybe it could help get some government funding or some government grants.

It's networking, and we need these people to be able to one-on-one interact, get someone that's their agent or something like that that's in the systems that can really help the individual then integrate themselves into the systems. And it integrates them into their own way so they can then be the person that they always want to be. And it opens up the scheme of everything within society if we do it this way. So we do all this with kind, caring, and compassionate motivations.

Because this is all really helping people. I mean, what Centrelink and other welfare-type offices do isn't help people. Go in there and look and see if people are getting help. No, they are getting a small compensation for being the scum of society, and they have to wait, and they get treated, you know, poorly.

And, I mean, they're not, it's not helping people. It's just getting them through. And that's if you pass a bomb on the streets who begs, and I want to say I don't beg, and I've never begged, and I haven't accepted a single dollar from anybody since I've been here, since I've been homeless. So I'm not one of those.

But if you see someone on the streets begging for money, you've got to ask, well, what are they going to do with it? You don't know. And that's a good, I mean, so is it ethical to give to them or not? Are you supporting a problem or are you going to be part of the solution?

Okay, so we got to question those things. Just because you give some money to a bomb doesn't mean you help the situation at all. Even if it made you feel good for a little bit, you got to really look outside that and look how you can actually really help these people.

Okay, because you don't know what they're going to do. And in almost every situation, I've seen people do bad things with the money that they get. So I really say be careful with that. Know the person that you're going to give the money to.

If you want to give money to him, talk to him for like 20 minutes. If he'll talk to you, he'll probably won't even talk to you. I mean, we're jerks.

Okay, I'll go on. So these networks then combine with personality types, and it opens the individual up to getting recommendations if they're, I guess, subscribed to it with people that they might um fit in with well uh so and you can put you know how how you do you like people who are like you or do you like people who are different than you or or um what what type and and you can say yes or no to this thing so this is like a system but i mean if you look at it from some of the dating websites i mean i've been on a lot of dating websites but i've never really talked to anybody on dating websites but I was always looking so I would go through so many different women and I haven't found a single one that seems to be worth my time which is really sad and I mean I've contacted people and they've only been rude to me like because there's been a lot of people that have gone okay maybe I would like to speak to them and they've always been rude to me back because the person that I am because people don't expect someone like me. But if we combine these networks with these personality types and we can get people set up in the world where they want to be and we're multicultural, we're growing, We're becoming cosmopolitan. We're being unionized. We're all brothers and sisters now. And next door can be across the world if we want it to be.

So, we can then network with the people that we would love to be with in life and share these lives with and from these passions that we have, we can set it up where we can be where we want to be and who we want to be with while also doing our duty to society which is invested in our most passionate desires, always looking how we can convert those passionate desires and help our fellow man along the way. And these should be our values in society. So when we let society, so we then, Society helps us to then help them, and because when we're looking at the best, when we drop the economical factor and look at the most, the best way that society could go, when we're no longer looking so focused on the dollar and looking at what the ability or the direction of a person, then they can then help that person and then that person can then help society and this gives our our society a sense of security because we're not working for the man anymore the man's working for us so we would get that sense of security about everything and we can learn to live with each other loving each other and then we get science and and I'm going to put up red bells so what this is what hurts us a lot and it's not because the content of science is because we have how we feel about science and and that's what I'll be going on to in the next lecture at the end of the day we we got to do it all all with love. If we do it all with love, then we can all live happily ever after. We

can make that fairy tale come true. But like I've been theming throughout this course is that we need to display this love within our individual actions in order for it to manifest itself within our world. Stay safe.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



02-My-Reflected-Death-20-Where-is-True-Value

How much is this $30 tent worth that has sheltered me through this production? How much is this can opener worth? What is the value of its operator?



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



02-My-Reflected-Death-21-The-Rat-Race

Imagine if we stopped running the race.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



02-My-Reflected-Death-22-Lecture-10-The-Indoctrination-of-Science

is your world flat? If we are to talk about science, then we need to talk about where science comes from, and then we go to philosophy, and philosophy is the study of things, and it's the love of things, the love of the wisdom of the things. And how are we to obtain that wisdom? Well, we need to have epistemology, which is then the study of knowledge, and what we know, how we know it, and why we can consider that knowledge.

And from this study of knowledge, we then get methodologies to claim truth value. So when we're getting these truth value statements, we've got to consider logic. And what can we consider to be a truth value statement? So we're getting into logic here. This is all the process of science.

So, I'm explaining to you how all this functions. So we get empiricism, we get rationalism, and we get idealism, and others like constructivism. So we get all these isms, and so we're, this is a logic breakup, we're saying so, how rationalism, well we're going to look at deductive method. going to look at the rational side of things and this means so we can have like okay Socrates here's a type of rational knowledge is Socrates is a man all men are mortals therefore Socrates is immortal, not immortal, immortal. So we get these logic-type sequences, and that was

called a syllogism, and it's one way to express truth value, so from a deductive method. And then we get empiricism, which is where science steps in, and that's looking at things from our senses and the experience of our senses and then trying to find truth value from a collection of many senses and so we then study our senses and how we come to know things instead of being able to know things before experience, which rationalism is before experience So you know something is true because you've shown it to be true.

And empiricism then demonstrates it to be true. With rationalism, you know it to be true because the way it's structured is true. And then empiricism will then study the actual event or the details and bring upon truths like that. and idealism is going for the ideal so think of the mind so the truth comes from the mind and we get these in logic we then break up a priori and and a posteriori and a priori is before the fact and a posteriori is is pretty much after the fact. So A4RI, we're looking at things that are true without us experiencing

them to be true. So they're true outside of our own experience. So if we think of a triangle, then that's a triangle whether we see it or not. And if we think two plus two because of our mathematics, then that's going to be four whether it's outside of our experience or not but that can be debated because um it's it's human knowledge but all this is human knowledge so uh we got to think about what we're looking at here uh and a posteriori is after the fact so then we're looking at um science and uh and uh things that occur and then our our understanding of those things that occur and those are two different categories um two different polarizations Okay, so then we come to the cave and the allegory of the cave from Plato and the Republic. Good book. So I think it's chapter 7 or chapter 9 or something like that if you want to go check it.

Actually, I'll include that in the reading, so don't worry about it, you'll read about it. Okay, so you're stuck in a cave and you're chained staring at a wall and behind you there's of fire and then your cap doors are walking around and they're casting and the events that happen behind you are being cast onto the wall in front of you as shadows so you're sitting there trying to understand the world and the only thing you understand the world to be is those shadows that are in front of you so then your job then becomes to break free from your chains and then then look around you and see that the shadow is cast from the fire and then walk outside and see that a whole new reality exists. And so we're getting an ideal reality that doesn't exist how we perceive it to exist. And this is where Plato's theory of forms and ideas comes from.

Everything is always linked. With philosophers everything they say pretty much is always linked back to something else that they were going on about before. So we get these different representations like the matrix that are also based around you there being a greater reality and you only have to open your eyes to it you know the red pill or the blue pill and and how what we gonna do if we're outside I mean how we gonna then respond to what has happened and so we get these ideal theories and going back to the theory of forms and ideals it's like okay you see a tree and you only actually you don't see the tree you see a part of the tree you see one perception of the tree you can never see the whole tree you assume the rest of the tree um so the the tree makes itself apparent to you by you assuming things that aren't necessarily perceived because you're only perceiving one perspective of that tree just like a cube you know you see a cube but you never see the cube you just see one part of that cube so we're getting those sort of things that are that are popping up to screw with their understanding of the world you know so what what is it then and to leave you with that for some food for thought because I mean a lot of things come from that. It has a lot of ramifications. These ways of portraying different ways to look

at life have ramifications and you don't have to necessarily identify with any of them but you can just consider what it is that's being said and how that brings any understandings, any further understandings into your own life and it's just stuff to ponder over. I ponder over these topics a lot. So this cave thing is my whole life. So we then have Hume, people like Hume, and it's a whole wave, not just Hume, but then he further develops science and empiricism by saying, okay, we have conditions and when this condition is met with this condition this condition then this will happen and let's see if that's true so let's then test it again and again and again and eventually we get some sort of reliance or trust in and what it's doing that every time you light a match with with gasoline it's going to it's going to ignite things like that you you know those from doing it every time you do it then you think that but but what Hume's saying is that there's so many conditions that are are involved there we can never truly say anything to hold true for this second in this second in this second because we never know because we can never understand all the conditional elements that are surrounding it because we are only limited to our own senses and uh and and that is that that's his argument so um but but Hume's misunderstood like Hume is the father of a lot of these um methods that have been created within science and um and the ways about going uh about learning about these things but um that see his whole point was missed um by saying when he was showing us how we can never understand things things fully like our periodic table will expand from the more things we learn how to perceive with our with our own experience which is our our senses um but we can never know the entire periodic table of everything um because we can never perceive all these things that like think of an extra an extra extraterrestrial like what what sort of sensory apparatus do you think that they would have I mean well you got to think about these things but why would they need certain things to live under different conditions how are these things gonna work then we get multiple understandings so we're getting we're I'm throwing out different understandings of knowledge here and there, so we're getting, okay, this is right, no, this is right, no, this is right, but our problem is that we're not seeing it in its entirety, we're only looking at certain aspects of it, and we have this problem throughout all of our lives.

um but we got the question you know is the world flat and uh say yeah the world's flat you know you'll uh you'll get to the uh end of the world and then drop off uh and we had representations of people what people thought the world was and uh and other people thought okay maybe um maybe the world is flat and then you just turn on the other side if you go through so i don't know there's a lot and throughout the seas and stuff there's a lot of different theories on that um but we see then um and we also got you know the earth uh revolving around the sun that was very controversial no the uh everything revolves around the earth because we're the center of of creation because god made us specifically for for uh that's not and that's all god did ever specifically for him and that's all God cares about is us and uh and then we get these people questioning it like Galileo, Copernicus you know and and we get thinkers like uh Descartes and um and Newton and they're they're breaking up all of these um these these uh facets into details that can stand more true than previously thought to be understood and uh and then we get uh an inductive framework that's focused on part of our system. And so we've managed to take all the ideals from these thinkers and then systematize them into our world. But in the process, we've focused in on one thing. And I'll explain this because our history, the way it works it conditions the people that we are and we can't forget that so this inductive framework has has caused us to take microscopes on things and how does that affect our lives well then we go and get and become specialists so we're all specialists in something we're all learning one particular field of one thing and and that can be their lives but because you got to learn that one thing as much as you can and then everything else rely on other other parts of the structures of the system so don't learn about how to fix your car or fix your sink or tile or floor because those are all specialist jobs and we'll let the people who do that for their lives do that and most of the people don't because they're always going from job to job so we don't even do that very well but we were all we all tend to think we're specialists in some some areas and I'm no different okay so um but we focus on parts and I focus on everything but I focus on certain parts more than I focus on other parts I try to focus on the problematic parts so so we get modernity happening, modernism, and industrialism, the whole big boom, the capitalism thing, so now we're getting the printing press and things like that coming that are increasing the media distribution to the world at lower cost and easier accessibility, so then we we get a lot of boom in thought and so then we get a lot of new technology and then this new technology helps us become more efficient and then we figure out how to improve this technology and then we do and then people lose their jobs and then we learn how to sort of reprocess them into other jobs and they're all and we're all in that system and the systems just you know cogs running but but it's it's profitable and it's gaining in it I mean there's the exponential factor and it looks really good to us so we continue on that path so we're all getting in these specialist careers and and it drives our lives it gives us our daily bread and not just that we and a little bit more so we can work towards different things. So we're constantly trying to become

more than we are but not necessarily in healthy ways because we do it in material and land ownership and things like that to try to be part of the ruling class instead of part of the loving class, but this is how most people's day-to-day systems work, is they wake up in the morning, they go to their job, or they might have a different schedule than that, but if you're employed, then that's what you're doing, or you have a child, or you're figuring out how to live from the government, and you're doing something like that, but most people have jobs and most people are doing these lives every day and i i did for quite some time and i couldn't i couldn't continue um okay so we're we're immersed within this system and how is this system to continue on the way it's going how is it to continue with this exponential growth and we we see with oil you know we're squeezing up the oil apparently we only have like 20 years oil left and um that's what i heard uh and once we squeeze it up but we're we're banging it we're really still we're still drilling everywhere we're still using cars that that pollute our environment we're still um doing things that upset our environment i mean we see a little bit of progress but it's not enough to really do too much um so but but what can keep us focused What can be that carrot that's on the head, the carrot that's on the head from the Alan Watts video, what can be that carrot to keep us going in the direction that they want us to go? and that would be pop culture. So now we can create these celebrities that people can follow their retarded lives and they can give us a little bit of entertainment and then we can... I'm talking about the details, the stupid things in their lives and then we can talk about it and then we can gossip and then we can role model ourselves on their lives and the lives of the television shows of the people, the television shows of the companies that want to get their, everything's getting a message across.

So everything you watch is getting a message across and you've got to question what that message is. So, and you're getting all these messages from everywhere and they are building the person that you are. uh and these pop culture systems encourage you to continue to be lazy and and unthoughtful and cruel and and selfish and aggressive and uncaring and not loving at all uh because this this gossip the gossip thing isn't and and most of what even people say oh i don't gossip is like well you do you kind of do and and i i really try not to i don't think i do i don't think i do at all um but if i if i do if i caught myself i'd stop it but uh but that's it's not the most people gossip and um look up the definition of gossip and then then alter your own uh your own understanding of it okay so then the the uh the systems uh the systems start working for the sake of themselves um they're only just working because they're working the systems are there to be implemented so let's implement them and uh and this creates a type of security by By keeping everybody on leashes everywhere, we feel secure in our development for the sake of itself. We think we're developing, but we haven't looked at all the factors.

We leave that to the specialists, and the specialists are paid well, have their status, want to make us think that that we're doing well and and probably don't understand the outside factors that are relevant because they're only focused on one particular part and if every particular part can only be focused on one particular part then then everybody can not know what anybody's doing and we can all get along just fine by by destroying our systems by running them to the ground but but it feels secure and this is where herd mentality comes in and and when people come together they can be very dangerous and and we've come together and are very dangerous right now but and I've done studies on on herd mob mentality and all that um and and the witch hunts and all it's some crazy stuff some crazy stuff but but it gives us a sense of security and we got i mean we got stalinism and um and uh we also got nazi germany i mean we're getting this crap happening everywhere um and we're still doing it we just have conditioned ourselves not to think that we're doing it um so so all of this coddles people and so we become because we're always we're getting our food without knowing where food comes from we're getting we're getting you know our exercise equipment without really even knowing where that comes from getting our houses without really knowing how the process works or what material how the materials made for the houses and and we're getting all these things we go shopping and our world now instead of being nature and what what's around us is is is now one of price tags and, entirely price tags and product for demonstration, product or service for demonstration and up for purchase. So we're getting, and so everything we need is now in this false reality that we have created called society and then we forget about nature, which is where we come from. We're living in something that is produced entirely by us. And people become replaceable through this whole thing. So now we don't

want to hire people for who they are, we want to hire people for position. So people are no longer working their lives to be who they are they're they're working for a position and then we'll change positions and we'll change positions and i mean at least nowadays they didn't used to do that um but we're getting we're getting fidgety because we've been we've been done like this for so long um people people no longer really care about about people like employment um isn't looking at people they're looking at that that growth factor and and when we do that we say okay well if this person got sick we got to make sure that we can fill in for this person or if this person died or if this person bailed out or if anything happened with this person we got to figure out how we're gonna fix it whereas before before we had these systems developed as we do if someone got sick or something happened, and a person, I mean, there might not necessarily be someone to step in, and people just had to live with that, and I mean, what's so wrong with that, you know, we can then understand that people are people, and people are not always reliable, and that's just the way our nature is, we try to do, or we can try to do the best um that we can but we can't always if we say we're going to do something we can't always do that we can just try our best um so but but being replaceable then makes us not feel very good about ourselves because uh because we're not we're just doing a job that any other monkey can do even if you're a specialist any other specialist can uh do what you're doing so so you're not very important in the law in the big scheme of things so then you don't feel very good about your work and your work comes out mediocre, just like everybody else's, and then you train yourself to be just like everybody else's, so make your work very confined to your specialist field. Society should minimize discomfort because we see this discomfort, and it doesn't help society. It hurts society, so what should society do with the problem in front of them or they should try to remedy it through all methods that they have so that way the social structures can function better. So how are they going to do

that? How is society, this abstract that we call society that embraces so many different factors, how are we going to fix it? And the question is how are we going to minimize discomfort? And so the answer is that we have to do it through individual action.

So we can't rely on any one or two companies or any other companies or businesses or anything to do these deeds. We have to individually act on our own accord to get rid of these comforts. So we're not now pushing the responsibility on these companies or these businesses or anything else. We are pushing them on ourselves.

Where are you going to help? You could fund, but you can get into the problems yourself. You can find out the best place to provide funding. You could find the best causes, what you think to be the best causes, and you could research about those causes and how those causes are being dealt with through the organizations that you choose to invest with.

And if you can do something yourself without using organizations, then do that yourself. When you see some pain on the street or something, I mean, why is your heart closed?

You're scared? You're scared because you watch this TV and the news and see all these horrible things. But we're still humans. We're each still human.

and uh and these things that you're being exposed to again and again are are frightening you of the world um and i have uh managed to stay alive on the streets uh as a homeless person for most of the past year even more than that um so in in the roughest places that you can think of i mean we're we're pretty solid made creatures and uh and if you forget that and start to be frightened of everything that's around the corner um then you really have to stick your head up you have to um say i'm going to do something about it because if i don't do anything about it then no one will do anything about it uh and that's that's the case and we see that and if i want anything all all this this entire site everything that has been done all this material has come from me um i have spent the hours doing this the the countless countless hours over the last six years um getting all this worked out for you to receive what you are receiving now so we gotta we gotta spend the time to do these things so we gotta think about the whole alan watts thing with the carrot tied to the head in front. We're just walking, always trying to get that carrot and never actually being able to get it. And who tied that to our heads? Well, are we going to stand up from the herd? Are we going to no longer be sheep? And that's the question.

There are some Wikipedia articles included in this lecture's readings, and I had to think about this very carefully whether I wanted to include them, but Wikipedia can sometimes be wrong or misrepresent things, and we need to understand that. But Wikipedia is communal, and I'm all about open sourcing education, and Wikipedia is a very good first source to go to before investigating a topic, because it can give you many perspectives over that topic about where it might lead you, and it can give you a very good general overview before you walk into the subject. are the details of the subject and use Wikipedia for sources look at its sources and then and then use those sources those sources are good and then you can you can verify what they're saying to those sources as well so use all your resources that are available to you but don't quote from Wikipedia or anything just use that as your little guide and it is a very good guide. Suicide is a problem. We see suicide happening throughout our history and we see it happening now too

and it hasn't improved significantly throughout this time. And we seem to disconnect ourselves from the topic of suicide and try to just put it over. We tend to look away from it and we need to figure out why this problem happens if we are to fix this problem and we've been exploring these topics from different angles and we can start to now see some links with uh... society and its oppression and when I say its oppression is its push for the person that it wants you to be that it thinks that you should be to a member of that society. So if there's different people that come up from time to time, then

society doesn't accept them. Or they don't get along with society, or they have problems with integration into that society, and because of that, society then rejects them. And pop culture tells us this is okay so that's all good so if we gotta figure out how to fix the problem of suicide we got to figure out how to fix the problems within society all right it's starting to rain and I don't want to have to replace my keyboard again so stay safe



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



02-My-Reflected-Death-23-What-Are-We-Saying

like you know yesterday we went to the movies and this is me Kristen Jessica Jacob Fernando and there's a few more people I can't remember but we then went and pay for the movies and we saw this movie that stuff happened where where they kissed and then they fought and then they and they loved and it was really really good so then we went we went to to Nando's afterwards and we ate from Nando's and it was really good and and then I got a phone call and it was my mother and my mother talked to me for 20 minutes about what we are going to have to eat and for dinner and that was that was really good and then you wouldn't believe what Rebecca did oh she came out yeah she's a lesbian I knew it all the time yeah yeah but then after that we went by the pool and we took a dip in the pool and that was really awesome but my top came off and I had to really quickly go like this and then and then get back on so no one saw anything I don't think anybody saw anything but but then we were all exhausted and the Sun was going down so so we all went home and then then I went to sleep and and then I went to work and now I'm at work talking to you about what happened yesterday isn't that nice



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



02-My-Reflected-Death-24-Lecture-11-The-Cassandra-Syndrome

Welcome to Lecture 11. Everything's been coming together. I'm in the final stages of development and production, so I hope you've been enjoying it, and I hope this has brought some insight into your life. Today's lecture is the Cassandra Syndrome, which we're going to be speaking about understanding and misunderstanding.

So I want to speak about how I've dealt with this in my past and how it's developed me into the person that I am. And if we look at my childhood, I was always struggling with communicating and articulating what it is that I wanted to say. So I focused on learning different methodologies in order to learn how to communicate effectively with other people. So I then focused on rhetoric and different types of expression which I could convey and then get the response that I was looking for. I've never gotten that, but I've always tried and that's what I've

spent my life doing. I've studied linguistics and syntax and semantics and how to use language effectively, how to put meaning in your actions and your words. So looking at the philosophy of language and how we are to employ expression and be understood and not misunderstood. So So it was all searching for conveying meaning and I've tried a lot of different things to try to express my understandings in the most effective manner possible.

And this led me to develop my body, mind and spirit because all my body, mind and spirit has an integral role to play in the development of expression. I need a good voice and I also need to look healthy to be heard, I would be heard more if I had a good voice and looked healthy than if I didn't. So I was looking for these ways to communicate and I ended up finding that if I develop myself then it will happen a lot more, which I don't know, I don't know. So then I then express to the world my understandings, which is what you're getting now in this production.

I mean, this is all a result of my life training, but we still can't communicate. We still have problems communicating. You don't understand what I say, and I understand what you say, and I can, I can, when you say something and I've heard it many times I can understand your line of thought and when you say things over in different ways I can understand your line of thought and I can track down why you say those things and I can determine a lot about your character and your personality through just hearing what you say and then track back where what you said came from and why you think that way and I understand what you guys say probably a lot more than you guys understand what you say so it's not that I am misunderstanding what you say or at least most times maybe sometimes I do but uh but why so why why can't we communicate together why why are we on entirely different levels well I studied communication a lot and tried to figure out how how how we are to best communicate most effectively communicate and I got into networks networking a lot and learned all about these systems and the follies in the systems and how to to fix up some of those follies and and develop those systems so constant development of the systems and instead of using other people's systems and creating my own systems that work better for me and I then gift all my own gifts to the world everything that I have in my spirit in my soul in my mind and in my body is then given back to all of you to everybody and that is my gift that is and it's everything I got every breath I have is pushing these these important topics to give to you for free and this is sharing my own abilities with with every individual out there on the world who in the world who wishes to to learn which should be all of us so I had to figure out methods to grab attention so So to try to make, try to upset the system because everything's so typical, everything's so processed, everything works in a certain way. So I not only looked for things that didn't work like everything else, but I also, but I also tried to, I also made distributions, different types of media that form the same functions. So grab your attention. And sometimes I do this with slaps in the face to humanity.

And I've learned that off a few different philosophers. And that's how I learn a lot. When you slap me in the face and say, look at what you're doing, over time from a lot these slaps I woke up and and now I'm trying to do the same thing but there there's slaps of love all of them are slaps of love and I'm not necessarily telling any lies either so if you look at it and consider what I'm saying then you you'll it's the world we live in so I developed this and and that's where I gotten to you know culture jam and trying to jam up the process and in in the process of jamming up the process I was hoping to obtain comrades and new friends out of it but that hasn't happened and I've spent so long doing this I mean I get people along the way but but they're never interested in in what it is that I do I don't I don't have anybody that watches or does anything that I make that I know it's all you people on the internet that I don't know that are watching these things and letting a course like this go on I mean good good job for being a human I know a lot of you are watching this after the the fact but a lot of you are not and and you're just a lurker that has losing your soul so I take these details and I make them as like bread crumbs to lead to me so I'll distribute a lot of different types of media and get a lot of different audiences reach a lot of different audiences a lot of different types of audiences and then hope and then the people I'm looking for I hope to go okay that's interesting and then and then look beyond what the article or what what the video or whatever so then click my name and look at me and then look at what I do and then you have a whole range of choices to to further investigate me or further investigate these topics that you are interested in so it's not everything I do is painting onto the world and it's hoping that the other painters will recognize my own painting and and then become receptive to allowing me into their lives and I'm not looking for it just anyone so I want to make that clear because just anyone hurts me I got to protect myself and uh and i've you know your your words are so painful uh they they are and it's all because you don't understand what you're talking about and you don't want to hear that you don't want to understand you don't understand what you're talking about but i'll go on so as far as me physically if i'm like right there beside you or whatever um i i am very very gentle i i i respect everything and everybody in every place that i'm at and uh and i'm very spiritual too so i will um i will do some of the kuji in or or anything like that um and people will then judge based off that, and they'll try to use this labeling theory to pinpoint me to something, and it's like most of the people, the first thing they say is, where are you from? And it's like, well, okay, where am I from?

Well, I'm not really from anywhere. I'm just a traveler, a life traveler. I'm a citizen of the world, so that's a difficult question, and any time I try to answer this, People just want to write it off and just go, well, you're nobody then if you're not from anywhere. And we need to step back and look at these things and modify our questions to become better questions.

And then we can convey more meaning in our expressions from asking better questions. and where are you from isn't a very good question considering we're living in a very international world and where someone's from doesn't necessarily represent who they are. It can have a large effect, and it can be, but it's not necessarily the case. So to try to make first judgments about someone with these stereotypes, then it's not going to be the best way to start a relationship and you probably won't get past.

If someone asked me that as their first question, which is most people, usually we don't get past a minute or two of speaking and then that's it, never see them again. there's a lot of names that I'm always meeting people I've met so many people in my life and and I just I don't even bother remembering names anymore unless they pop up in my life from from time to time because there's just so many names now and I know that most of those names are irrelevant to my own life which is sad because I don't want it that way every person that I come in contact with I want to be a friend and I want to love them but they don't want to love me so I'm male which is a big thing I mean females have a different life an entirely different life with different social structures so since I'm male then then I'll tend to be let to do whatever I want without out people caring um so then i do i do what i and uh and then i'm without community and uh because you guys don't even want me in your community but i'm young and i i look young especially when i shave i look really young so then i get uh people people putting me down because of that and uh i don't have any group connections to go you know who you with um Well, no one. It's like, well, then, what nationality are you? Well, it's like, not really any. Well, what about this? It's like, well, nothing. I'm not connected to anything. And does that have to be a problem? And everybody says yes.

I guess I am very profound and metaphorical, and I do speak in metaphors often, but metaphors have more truth value in them than the literal statements. And if we can only understand the literal, then we're missing a huge spectrum of the world around us. And we need to be okay with metaphors and really try to find the insight and perspectives that metaphors have to show us. I guess I can be confusing and complex because I do go through a lot of material and I'm thinking these things out.

often and I try to verbalize them when I get human contact so then I can get other opinions and perspectives on what I'm saying, especially intelligent human contact. But that's so rare and I'm most of the time stuck in my own mind. I'm very reserved and I'm very reserved because I don't, I've been hurt by so many of you people you've done some terrible awful things to me and and it makes me frightened to to come out to to you and open up to you because because when I do and I'm not saying that I don't do it because I take leaps of faith all the time and but when I do those it always ends with bad results and if we think about the human impressions you know after so many impressions you're going to be conditioned to think that the same thing is going to happen and remain true, but that's not necessarily the case, and I have to push myself to open up again, but then it always comes back in my face. I alternate topics often because my mind is building so many topics I got categories or I actually have I had topics all through my mind that that are constantly building the more material that I put inside of it and then eventually those topics start to reveal some major insight and then I develop those topics and then they can become courses and there is countless of these floating through my head so often I'll be on one topic and then another topic will spring into my head and then if it's important enough for me to remember then I will alternate over to that topic and cover that while I still remember it and then go back to the other topic but sometimes it's also screws up with my train of thought and it's more difficult for me to come back to that other topic but in the end it doesn't matter because I get out what I I need to say and then I can build these topics and as you see as this course goes on I can then I can put in things I forgot or anything like that in other lectures so it makes it where that's okay and easy but a lot of people don't like that and I guess I can understand that but that's the way I function and and I can't I can't do anything different and I it's a good way to function in perspective but as far as the way you guys see it I can I can understand how you might not be receptive to that so I'm very meaningful in my actions I do everything with love I'll if I want to give you my website I'll make you a crane or a black swan or something in with origami and and then ride it on there or or I'll choose you know the perfect pens to put up something or or I'll I mean what I'm what the production that you're getting now you can you can tell I mean everything I touch is with love and it's very meaningful everything I do is meaningful everything every scar on my body is meaningful everything that I think about is meaningful because I've invested my life into this meaning and I have to live a meaningful life. This picture that I'm painting onto the world is me and I'm

doing it to the best of my ability. I'm the actor and I'm trying to put on the best play that I can while I still live so let's look at the mental side of it let's look at meanings and science and religions so within science we have different types of hypotheses and then those those are formed into into possibly principles if the hypothesis is good enough or they obtain conclusions that push science in a certain way and religions have parables and different types of stories that can show us deeper insight and most of the time metaphorical insight if we only stand back and look at it but the meanings have been corrupted and they've been corrupted by trying to be systematized so instead of saying this is a story say hey it's an absolute so let's make it into a dogma then and this is a problem with communication because I recognize all understandings and I'm learning from all these understandings and I'm trying to take the value that these understandings can give me and when most of you are into this understanding or that understanding, I say most of you and if I want to go on my experience, I want to say all of you, but I always look for the black swan. So you're framed in this this certain perspective of understanding and I can see your thought process I can understand your thought process behind that understanding but there's an entire world around you and your house is not reality you need to go outside your house to understand what reality is and then look around your your wavelength is limited from this conception from this hey this is the understanding so science is the understanding or religion is the understanding

and we communicate on entirely different wavelengths because i am talking about all perspectives and you are talking about one perspective so you get confused when i talk about perspectives that upset your one perspective and i can see how that could cause problems within communication but what happens is you end up missing the black swan you end up missing the the topic you end up missing the point that I was trying to say you end up missing what I was saying and what it means from what I say and you misjudge and jump to conclusions you misapprehend the entire thing and this is funny because I was the one that grew up and didn't understand anything so I I spent my life trying to understand everything, and in the end, we never aligned, we never integrated because I misunderstood, you guys apparently understood, but I was learning and continued to learn until I understood, and then when I understood, I realized that you guys didn't understand, and you were just talking crap the whole time, so you misjudge without the background conditions to something. So you will say, okay, this person, they did something like that. Let's look at them down. But we have no background conditions about this. And we can see this like in TV, we get a villain and then over time that we learn

the reason why the villain is the way it is. And then we can empathize or sympathize with that villain. So we learn the background conditions and then our judgments clear themselves up, our misjudgments clear themselves up but our problem is we're too lazy to learn the background conditions so we go around misjudging so many things in life and missing so many things in life so then you create someone like me someone who is an outcast of society someone who is homeless someone who is passionate someone who is intelligent and someone who is extremely extremely lonely and not just that i frighten people people are frightened of me i i am a scary individual because people do not like to talk about these subjects and uh when i am the one to bring up these subjects then then many many times not all the time but most of the time uh people will will retreat it will run so uh but these are the meaningful topics these are what our human condition is is uh is aligned to struggle with these are the topics that we as a species are meant to to take on um these are our dragons and if we don't learn to slay our dragons then our dragons will rule us, will rule our town, our society. And all I have been doing this entire time is just learning, learning the topics about oppression, building myself into the character and the person that I feel that is best to be, trying to love everybody I can, the best I can. I'm trying to be the best person that I can be, the best man that

I can be, if love ever finds its way to me. And I've been looking for so long, for so long. And the more that love is not found, the longer that I cannot find love and struggle to find it the the chances increase of me committing suicide so this is a very important topic I I'll talk about stuff that I wasn't planning on putting in this lecture but I finished this quite quickly I ever hear a lot of people talk about suicide and I do this not intentionally but the places that I go to to get things like free bread and and clothes and blankets and stuff like that are crawling with people that have had events like that happen in their life and and they talk about these events and and a lot of times it's close ones loved ones and and I've had some loved ones that have committed suicide in my life and and I hope they're in a good place now and I I can see I can see why they did it but people are always questioning why and they they don't seem to know why someone committed suicide and they feel really bad about it so then they try to assert reasons oh they were struggling with their finances here or someone just screwed them over or something here. And they try to, I guess, even create reasons why their loved one would commit suicide. And this is the problem. We should have been asking these questions when

the person was alive. And when they're dead, it's too late. It's too late. I mean, with me, Now you can know, if you choose to know, if I commit suicide, you can know why by watching this course.

And this course will stand strong for the rest of my life, and it will act as my suicide note when I do decide to commit suicide, most likely, and most likely will. and the reason I say that is because I look at my past I look at my present and then I can have insight into my future and we can do this you know if we look at our human history and then look at our human present we can also make educated guesses as far as the way our human our human future will go and an individual is no different and I I've been spending my life searching for these for love for this thing that has meant so much to me that I've never been able to find and and I don't see much hope in finding this and I'm sure this course will do absolutely nothing but I have to I have to cover my bases and one more one more lecture I'll tell you about my psychology a bit I guess I've been eating a little bit I have been very reflective and I've never worked so hard in my life this because I'm on a time limit because I don't have much money now I'm about run out and and But not just that, I saw before that I wasn't going to have that. So I've been working my butt off on this course. I mean, every second that passes is dedicated to getting this course done.

So I've never produced so much in such a short period of time. So I guess my head is very mixed up around that as well. And once I finish, then I'll breathe for a little bit, and then I'll decide what I'm going to do from there. But I do have some thoughts.

And as this course goes on, as this course finishes off, I hope that you can start to understand the problems that we are actually talking about. and understand that the only person that can fix these problems is you.

God bless.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



02-My-Reflected-Death-25-Icing-on-the-Cake

What is true value? My hypothesis at the beginning of this course was inaccurate. Do possessions make a person who they are? Are there money or the property that they own or the vehicle that they drive or the clothes on their back or their wardrobe?

The class in which they socialize or the food in which they eat or the education in which they have achieved or the affiliations in which they have access to different areas of the world. Are the positions that they hold in their jobs and their status in the community or popularity? Are any of these things what make a man? Are any of these things true value?

And after this course, I have come to understand that the answer to that question is no. None of these things constitute a human being. And what does constitute a human being is love. And that can be loving or the desire to love.

And what makes us breathe, what makes us continue to live and continue in this world despite the hardships that we incur is love. and whether we have it or not is irrelevant to our nature because the mere desire for it tends to get most of us through every day. Love is true value. Everything else is just extra.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



02-My-Reflected-Death-26-Lecture-12-To-Love-or-Not-to-Love

To my eyes, there is nothing more beautiful than a community of black swans. Welcome to lecture 12. This is the last lecture of my reflected death. I hope you have enjoyed the process of learning these topics, these issues, and I hope you have gained better insight on how to remedy these topics.

And these topics can be difficult, and we need to figure out how we can take action in order to resolve the problems. And we're not doing that. We're just sweeping those problems under the rug, but they're going to stay there. And not only that, the people that are swept under the rug are going to get trampled all over and end up like me.

my soul is pierced I am dying my heart bleeds out I am losing oxygen from my veins love of love is pointless without its practical application which is phronesis love for the sake of itself without any manifestation of the world world is not what I'm after and not what I've ever been after. Love needs to manifest itself within the world to be recognized and throughout this entire production I have come to understand that what makes a man is actually love and food and finances and things like that don't make a man at all. It's love. And when I say man, I'm being gender neutral, for we are all mankind. So this results, not getting this love manifested in the world, results

in isolation. And then you end up with people like me who don't talk to anybody or have very few people that they talk to and those people that they do talk to are not people that are accepting them for who they are but instead just really using each other for a physical body for a breathing individual and and we need to accept everything from people but I'll get on so this isolation disintegrates so you know dis integrate so we want integration but this isolation does the opposite so we get then get people that are are misunderstood and and these are the people are swept under the rug and and they're no longer part of the real world they're under the rug and we need to stand back and look at the way we function as humans and company is the most important thing in our life for the company that we place ourselves within is going to change our direct everything about our lives so we need to figure out how to get into the right company for us to develop the best we can as human beings and with me I am misunderstood unless someone stands back to understand me but we don't stand back we want to judge and then move on and if we do stand back then we'll just tend to tend to observe and not interact or not become a part of and this is this is a big problem missing missing the black swans there's black swans everywhere if we only open our eyes to it and and the type of black swan that I am is of course different than the type of black swan other people are but if we look at these people that we have labeled with schizophrenia and and bipolar and other types of things like schizoaffective and other diagnosis then I'm sure that a lot of these individuals are actually very very talented individuals who who aren't necessarily what they're claiming it to be because it's a category that's all All it is is that we made these categories and then we placed people in those categories. So these people that we develop stigmas about will, so they get missed and not just that. Because they get missed then they get worse, their condition gets worse and they end up with more problems.

And then you can stigmatize them more because they have more problems and those problems are because of you. So everybody misunderstands me. People will take something I say and remove it from its context and not investigate what the meaning is and then take that as an absolute. So we're always trying to grab to these absolutes without looking at the entire picture.

And that causes us to misunderstand. So you might have traveled to this lecture from YouTube and then you're watching it and then you don't understand something I say, so then you're going to try to grab onto some absolute and think I mean this without knowing the entire picture. And this is a course, which means you're supposed to develop these understandings, which means you can understand what I'm talking about, but I am sure most people don't do that. I know most people don't do that.

I have entire access to see everything that goes on my website, including real-time access. So I know who is out there watching these things and looking at these things, and I know from what countries they are, from what cities they are, from how long they stay on pages. I know all these things, and I can see how people react to the content that I give, and so often they'll say, okay, well, this lecture is supposed to represent everything about the world from your perspective, and that's not the way it is. You have to investigate these details to build pictures.

You can't look at a pillar and say that pillar is the building that the pillar holds up. need to investigate the other pillars and the foundations of the building and and the structures around the building. So why would we learn about society? Well it's because we live in it and we're living the consequences of our actions right now. And an oppression, this oppression that society

that society enforces is is where we get deviants from so people are oppressed you know imagine a bird in a cage and he's like I want to get out there I want to get out there and this bird might develop some traits that aren't necessarily so healthy because it wants this freedom and and you're you're not giving it to them so uh so i mean these are the reasons so so then the bird's gonna deviate from another bird that isn't in a cage and this is obvious but we don't we can't apply these these similes and metaphors to our current situation because we're idiots okay so then deviance develops into labeling theory and this is where we can stigmatize people and set people as understand people by placing them into categories and and these stigmas happen on all sides so we the people that let's say me you look at me say oh this guy's been diagnosed schizophrenic so he's schizophrenic or or this guy's been, this guy might be schizotypal, so he's schizotypal, and you don't even understand these. It's most probable that you don't even understand what these terms are. But you have a perception in your head about how to treat someone like this. And this then develops the stigmas on the other side.

So then you treat me less than human, and as a result, I then build a perception of you.

And that is because you're the one that's oppressing me and being cruel to me and disregarding me as a human being. So then I develop stigmas about you. And these things are going on between all sides. So if we can imagine like in sports we have different teams and then you develop stigmas about the other side what type of person the the opponent is and we need to understand this so we can go beyond so then we get like a forced collective sense of health what is healthy well this is healthy and why is this healthy because we have these statistics to back up that this is healthy and these statistics tell us That's what is normal, which is what manifests itself in the average being, a human being, considering the structures within society, and then we can treat people, treat people, for these health issues, and many times these health issues are just peculiar personality traits that are within people you know individuals we're all different but these these personality traits then become a problem and we got to fix it so how are we gonna fix it well we'll drug you up we'll mess with your mind we'll mess with your body will will give you lots of side effects that probably outweigh what the medicines doing and we don't even really know what this medicine is doing we create an understanding of chemical imbalance and we we don't even know what this is we assert these these uh these chemicals and we're we don't know we're we're we're theorizing and then we're trying to make a practical application on the theory without looking at all the background background conditions that exist so then we look down on these types of people so these people that then get compartmentalized into these these certain categories become the undesirables and then we look down on these people and it makes it much easier for us to overlook these people because they're no longer human they're no longer like us but instead they're they're different so we can then treat them less than human and this gives us a justification to do it and we're not realizing this like if you if you haven't ever investigated these topics and you this is your first time you're probably going you know whoa man society is a lot different than what I thought and that's because you've been conditioned to think like that, to think that society's structures are, even though they're not the best, they're legit. And you've got to really step back

and look at what it is you're talking about. And you've got to do that so you don't overlook things because what you want the best life that you can have, you want to be as happy as possible. How are you going to do that? And that is with your scanner. That is your

built-in radar. And you got to look at what it is that's in front of you, who it is that's in front of you, what the problems are, and how to overcome those problems using your radar your senses that that you have been blessed with to to find out how to achieve these desires that are deep in our heart so all of this then we get hostility and it creates hostility and not only creates it breeds it so now now we got lots of different divisions and we can all hate each other and we can further divide classes I mean people say that we're we're getting out of the class system but we're not we're if anything is getting worse because we're taking these categories and further subdividing it and making some conditions seem worse or some ways of life seem worse and and we're constantly growing apart I mean you don't people don't even say hi to each other now walking down the streets and and and we're all wanting what's in the other person's pocket and these these things that we we do on a day-to-day basis they have their consequences and we get cultures and religions and and sports and and all these different types of groups that end up conflicting with each other and it's like even if they're a part of the same group they can't even get along and I'll use an example as for the native Australians there are a lot of different tribes and a lot of these different tribes hate each other and I haven't done the research but I'm sure a lot of that is based on misunderstanding But we do that. It's not just within these tribes. We do that too. We are causing further controversy to each other by creating these groups and then identifying ourselves within these groups and then overlooking everything outside these groups.

so ultimately what happens is love breaks down and uh and when i say society does not love it does not know how to love it cannot love um so when the people when people love and then society keeps on pushing people to not love then eventually people follow suit and we get a whole breakdown of what love is. And we don't even understand it. We feel it, but we don't understand any of the dynamics behind it. And people, you know, I look for love and I question love and I'm always trying to learn about love. But this is not shared. This is

not a shared pursuit between anybody that I've come across. And a lot of people think me crazy because I'm happy to ask the question, what is love? And I've done a project on this and I think you've read it if you've done the course. But you can follow that up if you're interested. People don't understand what love is and that's because society is

not geared towards uh towards loving and you are conditioned by society and as a result you then stop loving and love becomes you know it's not it it's so abstract you'll never you just use it in your terminology and you might be very careful with it too because you don't want to say you love someone when you don't but you really don't understand what you're talking about Okay, so then we get communities separating. We get lots of different communities, you know, you see it in churches, if the church, you have gossip that happens in the church, and then you get controversy in the church, we see churches split, and I've seen, I've read about churches that split in like four different ways, and you're getting all these different, and there's lots of bickerings, And then you can create this labeling theory and then you can treat other human beings less than human beings. We're seeing this repeat everywhere. So suicides then get worse because like Durkheim, we're reading about communities and these close-knit communities like Jewish and Catholic communities, they are very close-knit and these communities have lower suicide rates.

But when we're furthering dividing up these communities and we're losing the sense of love to each other and care for each other, each other's interests, you know, a lot of people say, yeah, I care about you. No, you, like, what are you doing to care? Care is an action. It's not something that's passive.

And we need to do these actions if we're to care. So then you get homelessness and you know you get ghettos popping up that aren't very safe and the crime rate increases. And you know murder, slavery, people say oh slavery is a thing of the past. No it's not.

You have not obviously done much research and learning about slavery. We live in a slave society. We just like to call it something else because we've been conditioned out of that slavery because when we think slavery, we're thinking, you know, put them on chains and ships and put them in cotton fields and stuff like that, but that is a type of slavery, and we are living in a different, modified type of slavery, and you just don't understand that. So we get massacres too, and we still get that today.

I mean, even in Iraq, I've seen video footage of buildings that had lots of kids in it, right? Kids running around everywhere, in and out of the buildings, and then a bomber plane comes along and boom and everybody's dead i mean that's a freaking massacre and this was done by the usa i mean what world do we live in look around and we get exploitation so we exploit each other we exploit uh systems especially if we're if we're tightly integrated in those systems then we can really exploit those systems uh because we we get the more tightly integrated we're within the systems then we get more power and that's where you get these people that the aristocrats that are really controlling everything and maybe you realize that maybe you don't but you probably don't and and we get these structures structures that make someone who is an important person somebody who is a somebody into a nobody and and we miss the black swan okay so we got capitalism here and we're looking at the exponential growth and and you've read about that if you've been following the course so so we're trying to maximize everything without even knowing what the end result of it is and if you've done studies about about Nazi Germany then you'll you'll understand the issue of expedience which is it's pretty much growth for the sake of growth you have a means and it ends and when your when your end is the only thing that matters and your means of employment towards the end is unimportant then we can do horrible things to each other so but this exponential growth then is is is wanting to the the graph to always go up and up and up and up and and and we strive for that all the time and we have had a quite a significant period um that has had a good exponential okay good i mean it's not a good or bad thing but it's had a rise in exponential growth um for a long time. It's not really a long time in the long scheme of things, but it has, I mean, it's people, it's like people's generation. So we've come to understand that this exponential growth is something that can keep on going up. And that's not how it works. It's something

that goes up and down and up and down. But we push our people, we push everybody, and And that's why capitalism is so, you know, everybody work as hard as you can so you can then get as much as you can. And therefore, you're doing, you're growing the most of it. Look at the structures and then compare it with your systems.

Sorry, look at the structures and compare it with yourself. There's all these representations that we can use and these metaphors to understand who we are and where we come from.

So, at the end, it's about the black swan, you know. Well, is there something different? Is there any inconsistencies in what I'm looking at? Is there any changes?

You know, is there something different or that stands out of the normal? And let's look at what stands out of the normal. And maybe it's not worth pursuing, and maybe it is, but just for the fact that you are able to stand back and look at it, then we can open up our human development spectrum and really create a new golden age where we can not only love each other, but be happy together.

Okay, so what would be a future approach to these topics? topics. How are we going to do that? I mean, without practical application, we're talking pointless material. So what are we going to do about these topics? And we got to stop

being so short-sighted. We got to look around. We got to learn how to fix our eyes so we can see around us. The only thing that exists isn't what's right in front of us. We got

all this outside that we can utilize to improve our lives but we're not doing that and i can see it and you can people you could say i'm being critical and harsh but i see it everywhere i've probably met more people than than most people on this planet i probably um i probably lived in more places than most people on this planet i i have um i have traveled around the world and back many times and i meet people consistently i'm always meeting new people and if you you you're you're okay we don't want to place our eggs all our eggs in one basket we want to distribute them around uh and That's not what we're doing. We're placing them in one basket and we're saying, you know, this is the way it's going to go. But there's many perspectives to look at it. I mean, we need to look to one side of the butt, be able to walk around the cube in order to make our decisions.

So, ultimately, if we push these sort of comprehensions, then we can gain many understandings on the subjects.

And then this will bring about greater awareness. This is the conscious revolution, which a lot of starseeds seem not to understand what they're talking about. but this is the conscious revolution that people talk about and which I mean like most people don't even understand what that means because most people are not conscious but this you you know I'm being metaphorical there I'm not being literal okay so this creates greater awareness which then we can breed out our ignorance i mean everything takes time and everybody's not going to go and and do these things but when we get you know one person doing it and then more people doing it and then more people doing it eventually this will breed out our ignorance and something that will help this process along is what i'm doing right now we have the internet wow it's such a great thing, it's a communication highway, and we just haven't learned how to use it correctly yet in order to fine tune our own psychology to direct our interest in healthy means of mental distribution. So we can then network, and we're doing that now, but we're doing it in a capitalistic brain work and we're trying to to get what's inside the other person's pocket and we we advertise a lot on the internet instead and it's there's not a lot of places that you can get quality content like my website but but like a so my website then is all about education so I provide free education to the world. So that means any person in this entire world who has the internet and a communication

device can take these courses and educate themselves and then broaden the possibilities in their own life because of the insight that the courses have brought them. And I'm not limiting courses to philosophy or sociology or history or anything like that. That's my perspective I'm saying these courses could take over everything if we get passionate people behind these computers and when we get passionate and this is community education so when we get passionate people that are behind these computers then we can get quality products and we can get these products done with productions you know we can get them done with love and care in particularity which overrides our current university system because they don't care about you. They just care and you just really care about getting that piece of paper and they just care about handing you the information, spoon feeding you that information. So we

don't really grasp these topics and I can tell you that because I've talked to many people who've taken courses who still don't understand the ramifications of the courses that they were taking. But when you get passion behind the person expressing the meanings, then you get an entirely different situation. And you get it done with love. And our university systems don't love. They are systems that are created by the systems that cause all

these problems anyway. But with community education, we can go beyond that problem. We can provide free education to the world and we can develop as a species. So, we can develop this as, you know, because these are still systems and I develop systems, but we can develop them in an organic fashion.

We can be very particular to all of the parts. We can have a holistic sense about what it is that we're dealing with and when problems arise, we can examine those problems and then make modifications to the systems to overcome those problems. There is no small problems. Every problem is a problem that needs to have modification to overcome the problem, but our systems don't do that.

Small problems are squashed. we're not on an organic level we're on like a structural solid and rigid level but we need to look at an organic type level look at our nature and how are by how we respond biologically where our environment is in its nature because its nature is also very similar to ours if not the same so we got to learn from all these things and then how these uh get windy blowing my laptop around so if we learn from all we can um from an organic method you know you get a cut then let let your body focus on healing that wound um so it whether it's small or large that is not uh dealt with particularity from the body will turn into an infection and then that infection can cause many problems and even result in death our own lives and then everybody else's life so why do I do this right now because I care about my own life something similar I mean same direction why have I been in this direction my whole life because I care about my life so we need to look at the oppression within each of our lives and then fight for that oppression for our own survival and in doing that we care for others as well with similar issues so but in doing this as well we can care for others we we can because we look after ourself we then look after the whole and and we can change this whole if we only know how if we only um fight we only step up out of the systems that oppress us and uh and give them the middle finger and that's what i'm doing right now i mean i'm taking i've taken on all of society and here i am insulting you probably most of this course with intentions to wake you up to the world that you live in.

Okay, so in doing this, you know, like I said, we care for ourselves. We create an organic solidarity as humans.

So I can then look at the other parts and appreciate the other parts of the system for what they do. And then when I am in the situation to assist those other parts, if I can see a problem then then I will and why because this helps the whole system function better and I am part of that system so it will help me function better for helping others so we're getting you know a strong sense of community coming back to us and and we can do this it's just going to take time and it's going to take individual action so we can help each star to shine and and we there's a whole bunch of stars in this world if we can just if we can just enable the conditions that are necessary for these stars to shine otherwise we're we're they're gonna fade out and and they're going to not not be the person that they should have been for all of us so in this then when we do this when we help others achieve their their uh best that they can achieve and as when we look at it when we step back and look at it as a whole then we're uh we look the the human species the human race is what is actually shining and we are all shining from all the people that we can get to shine and isn't that much of a much more noble pursuit than what we're doing now and how do we do this so we got to show care and meaning in our actions these words we use these words on a day to day basis yet we we have problems understanding how to actualize them or maybe we think there is no way to actualize them but we because we don't understand what the words mean and we got to learn how to truly care and how to show meaning in our actions and how to how to remove the parts of ourselves that that don't have any meaning and and I say this because when you don't when you remove meaning from the equation then then nothing matters and everything goes and then we can can perform horrible acts to each other without without even considering the the circumstances it's raining i'm gonna i gotta keep going okay so at the end of the day uh we we have to increase an awareness and we have to do this on our mind for our mind uh for our body and uh and for our spirit for our soul uh and we have to walk. We have to walk the road. We can't keep sitting in our houses and staring at people outside. We have to actually get out and start walking the streets. And we have

to do this. We have to start walking with our body, mind, and spirit. It's a journey and everyone has their own and you have to start walking it. So the ultimate question then is uh to be or not to be and are you going to be are you going to not to be and uh are you going not to be and your answer to this question is the only thing that's important and and when you choose to be and then other people choose to be and when you stand as a role model for these other people to also encourage them to be, then we are developing as a human species.

But if you cannot be, if you are not to be, then don't get in the way. Just stand back and live your life without causing any problems, without causing any further problems if if if you're not going to help then uh then stand back i mean if you're if you're not against me then you are with me uh but you don't but if you're if you're in the way then you're against me and you know what most of you are against me um and i hate to say that but that is the that is the fact uh and and i i really like to i wish everybody was with me you know i i love all people and you're only against me because you don't understand what it is that i'm saying i mean i i have logic everywhere and everything that i'm saying connects somewhere else uh and you don't understand this so uh so that's why uh that's why you're getting in the way and you're obnoxious and arrogant and ignorant about these topics these topics of social progress and we need to learn how to progress socially otherwise we're going to keep getting problems like like me and not only that is when you get problems like me and you don't care for them they're going to cause infections and ultimately they're going to cause more problems and we got look at these things otherwise uh we're we're going to be going down as a species i mean and you say like i say these things but but do you care about a human life like think about it do you care about your life so we got to help each other to get where we need to be

how are we going to help each other to get where we need to be well we've talked about that and uh And from all of these things we've talked about, we can then create a new golden age. Start a new golden age of love and care with each other. And we can live many different types of lifestyles. We then get opened up to being able to live the lifestyle that we find best.

You know, instead of having to live a certain type of life, we can live whatever life we want. And it's not revolved around winning the lottery, which most people, it is. I'm telling you what I see, people. And I see you guys, you're always talking about money and winning money and getting money.

And these things aren't matter. Okay, who are you with? What are you doing? And where are you?

these are some of the topics that matter having more money in your pocket is not going to accomplish anything except maybe lead to your own destruction and we need to learn how to integrate we have to learn how to become a world citizen instead of a citizen of this or that instead of a part of this group or that group we have to be you know we're all brothers and sisters and we have to learn that. So we can all become the best around the company that is the best for us, around the place that is best for us, based around our own particular psychology, and with all this we can integrate and become the happiest people that we can be, the kindest and most compassionate people that we can be and the most loving people that we can be. So I'm going to talk about Durkheim a little bit in sociology. This is a little bit off topic but I did want to mention it since this is the last lecture.

There are some studies with Durkheim that shows that things like weather and comfort, of comfort can play a part in suicides, in suicide rates. And he found that, you know, summer and spring, like comfortable months, there was more suicides. And I want to explain this a little bit because I understand this very well. And when you're not comfortable, then you want to get to a comfortable spot in your life so then you can carry it out.

And the reason for this is because when we're not comfortable and we want to kill ourselves, it's going to cause more discomfort. And why would we want more discomfort when we're already at a point that we want to kill ourselves? So then we end up waiting and then we get into a comfortable spot. And often when we get in these comfortable spots, then we no longer want to commit suicide because we're in a comfortable spot.

Or we're not ready or we just can't do it because it's too comfortable or something like that. But I want to tell you that with me, I have lost all sense of comfort. I'm not comfortable anywhere. I don't care about anything or maybe I should say I am comfortable everywhere that that might be a bit more articulate a bit bit better I mean maybe both sides maybe both polarizations but but I have I don't care about food anymore I can go long periods of time without eating I don't I no longer care about cold or hot you know I go through both extremes I no longer care about shelter i mean the only thing i care about in this life is love and uh so under any conditions i'm happy to do it now because i'm comfortable i don't care none of it matters okay but as for me i am finished with this life i hope you enjoyed stay safe and god bless



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



02-My-Reflected-Death-27-Final-Cigarette

Today is the 26th of April, 2012, and today is the day that I finish production. So this is my last cigarette, and you'll find out why. You probably already know. But talk about the production a bit.

You already know how it happened, because that was the prologue. I've been thinking of doing something like this for a long time and I've had a lot of ideas go through my head about it and I just didn't have a structure to it. I was developing a structure and all the things I was doing, I was actually developing a structure and uh before before this uh this production and making like long essays and stuff like that and uh it just didn't fit it was never right and i wanted to make sure i did it right and what better way than to go straight uh straight to the problem take the bull by by its horns and this came out right this came out right and like the last production there's little mess little times I messed up and um and there's I mean there's a there's quirks in it and uh and that's okay that's okay I take uh I mean I got all my messages across that I wanted to get across for this uh production for this course and that's what's important uh I haven't been sleeping very much I mean I might have been I think about one hour last night I didn't get any the night before The night before that, I didn't get any either, so I haven't been sleeping much, but if you know me, that's sort of me anyway, and I function perfectly fine without sleep, except when it gets like a week. When I haven't slept for like a week, maybe I don't function fine.

I haven't been eating, haven't had an appetite. I've tried to eat like eight little bits here and there just to try to get something down my stomach but I haven't had an appetite at all it's the end it's the end of my life welcome to the end of my life so what I wanted to get across and in this I mean this is the final chance I have to talk about things so I really want to get it across that you have a collective responsibility because you are part of collective and what you need to do is you need to make sure that you need to ensure integration and I'll talk about this using an example from my past when I had people that I knew that were acquaintances I I got invited to parties and when I was married Jenna had parties and and she had friends that had parties and stuff and i was invited but i was always the one that would go back to no one talked to me so i go back and um and sit you know in the back corner in the dark or something smoke a cigarette or something and nobody talked to me i just stand there or sit there i usually hang around fires if they had a fire i hang around fires but uh yeah i've never i mean occasionally i do get someone you know talk to me but i mean i'm talking like really occasionally and and it's just like a quick thing so you gotta realize you're at a party some people go to parties to communicate with other people if you see someone that's at a party and they are a loner there is a problem what do you do with the problem well if your society then you let it get infected and just and then kill it and then it kills everything but uh but if you're a human then you gotta fix that problem you gotta look at what that problem is and you gotta you got to encourage integration so let's use this scenario around the world um you're anywhere anywhere you are and you see and you are a part of that collective community so at a party you get lots of people stand around talking and and then there's someone that's in the corner it is your obligation to go up to that person and see if you can integrate them in in the community and this this stands true right around the board of life so if you're in the community that is uh chatting with each other then then you need to help the people that aren't chatting to integrate themselves need to encourage encourage acceptance within diversity I mean we can see this with racism and sexism and and in different types of people and and we we need to accept that that people are interesting these diverse things are interesting I mean I had this I've gone on a lot of dating websites and I've never dated anyone on them. I've always just looked for them and everybody's always been really mean to me on them. Well, there's this one girl who said, no, I don't want to have anything to do with you because sometimes I like to talk to people who don't live in the wilderness. And I was just thinking, you know, I don't say these things to these people. I mean,

I'm a nice guy, but I was just thinking, you know, how many people have you spoken to that live in the wilderness like what is wrong with us seriously isn't it going to be an interesting conversation any way you look at it if you speak to a guy who lives in the wilderness if you can't think of a conversation topic then uh to talk to about with a guy that lives in the wilderness and there is something really wrong with you there's something really wrong with our whole species and we got to Fix it, otherwise we're going to die.

So you've got to step back and look at people and try to understand them and try to understand why they do the things they do. Once we understand why people do the things they do, I mean, we all do things for a reason. We all have a reason to do things. And when we start to understand why people actually do things, then we can go past the diversity.

We can go past the differences. We can accept and love each other for who we all are and who we all can be. It's no different.

So this production has gone on from the 10th to the 26th. So that's 16 days of production. And I've been working my ass off. I have really, really been working.

And I have never worked so hard.

Yeah, all the hours in the day are utilized, and night, and night, and when I'm not, when I'm sleeping, I'm thinking about these things, and then I wake up, and I go, from a dream, sometimes I've had, I've had a lot of, I mean, even over the past few weeks, I've had dreams that have given me material that I can include in, as content in these lectures, or, I mean, this course. So now, tomorrow, I am handing myself over to mental health services, and I've been through this before, so I know what to expect, and last time I wanted help. This time, I know that they can't help. Their systems aren't structured, they're not set up to help.

I know their systems too well, and they're not helping. What they want to do is they want to change you. They want to make you into that ideal person that I've been talking about throughout these lectures.

And I will never be that. I'll never be that. I can never be that.

I mean, I do make my choices, but I got to live with myself. I got to sleep at night, you know. And if I am going to live, then I can't go against myself.

So I'll explain to you a little bit how these things are set up. Um, so they're going to take away all my stuff, but I'm only going in there with a bag, a laptop, uh, an MP3 player, and an iPod, um, uh, and I won that, that was really cool, my, my MP3 player broke, uh, like, a few months ago, and then I, I won that at some, uh, university event or something, and it was really stupid, it was like a questionnaire thing, uh, and, uh, there was, it was like uh there was some star some singer i didn't know who it was and they're like did she sing 20 miles per hour or 100 miles per hour and i was like well i was thinking about it's like well 100 miles per hour is really fast i think they would probably sing 20 miles per hour so i answered that and everybody else like no 100 and it's like but but uh so so and i usually do terrible at those things because uh i don't know anything about pop culture or sorry i i choose not to learn about pop culture i uh i know how it works i know what they're doing but uh but i don't care about those things those things aren't something that interests me at all but uh back to this in the institute so they're going to take everything away i also have uh a kindle um so for reading ebooks i have um that might be it actually so i'm gonna be going um to i'm gonna be going in here with you know pretty much nothing um and i mean that pretty much that's what i have i have pretty much nothing uh and then they're going to take it all away and then they're going to stick me in a room and watch me and I mean they don't really watch you they're not staring at you they just let you do whatever and then they try to find inconsistencies in your personality and they do that by trying to make you go crazy I mean imagine being locked up in a room or like a venue and having to stay there and have nothing to do and that that's the way these things are structured and And then what will happen is the doctor will spend a little bit of time with you. And I mean a little bit. I'm only talking about a little bit of time.

And this is probably after a few days. You've been there for a few days, and you don't know what's going on. They won't tell you anything. You don't have access to the Internet.

You have no access to the outside world.

And they try to track down your family and stuff like that. so they'll do that but uh but then then they'll so so after i talk to the doctor uh which i won't talk i mean i'm i'm mute after uh after this net this next uh shoot i'm mute i'm gonna and that's that's it until until i hear until i see some black swans then um then i'm not i'm not speaking but uh so they're going to then uh look at me they'll probably have a 10 minute look at my website or so and and then they will diagnose me with either schizophrenia or schizotypal probably schizophrenia because they're very limited to what they can do if you're schizotypal which I I'm actually closer to schizotypal and I have schizophrenia I mean I'm not schizophrenic I'm not schizophrenic at all but um but they can control your whole life if they they diagnose you with schizophrenia. So that's probably what they'll do. And then they'll put me on some medications that will make me feel absolutely terrible. And the side effects of the medications

will be really terrible. And I'm going to try to refuse those medications, but it doesn't matter because they're going to force them on me like they did last time. I mean, that's what they do. That's what they do. And then after a while, you know, I'll have access

to the floor, which is a big room that a whole bunch of mental patients walk around, do odd things, and they communicate with each other, and they try to make each other paranoid and create these games and stuff. I mean, what are you going to do? You're bored as anything, and that's what the floor is like, and then they feed you. They actually feed you good food but it's always at certain times and it's not very much and they basically just keep your body going and I mean the food's kind of like very kind of processed.

And then you get these packet cookies that are only like dough, not dough, yeah like cookie dough and um and you so you get like probably i think it's two yeah you get two snack periods um between so and you get and you get breakfast um lunch and dinner uh and that's it they you can't you know eat around there's nothing to eat um and what else can i say about this um Oh, and then every week the doctor will see you again, spend between 15 minutes to maybe half an hour, maybe a little bit more if you're lucky. Never with me, but I've heard people that got more than that. And then they'll try to, and they ask questions like, are you hearing voices? there any hallucinations or they say are you seeing anything strange and uh and there are questions like that and it's stupid questions it's like well one thing we all see things that are strange i mean you can take the you can understand these questions on any level you want i mean you say are you hearing voices well okay no i don't hear voices but but there's voices in that that you know you have your own sort of auditory dialogue going on um in your head and you might have different personalities that you can conjure up with your imagination to demonstrate these personalities and have fun with that in your head or something like that. But these things are

bad. So, I mean, I don't go through those things. But I can understand how someone would. It was not a uh and and still like there's voices you know it's internal dialogue what's wrong with you um and and then uh you'll so i'm gonna get put involuntary straight away they're gonna look at me and slap me with involuntary so i can't go anywhere and uh i mean they they don't allow smoking at all Which is really kind of strange because most of the people in these Facilities smoke and the reason for that if you've done your research is because It's because these these problems, you know that they have Like there's smoking is linked with schizophrenia Bipolar schizoaffective. I mean we have a lot a large scope of different

different types of people that are are coping with their issues with smoking and then they take that away because it's a government facility and they have to worry about health but their priorities are all screwed up I mean we're we get people that are suicidal so what we're gonna do we're gonna take away their cigarettes but that's not gonna be a big problem for me because I I quit smoking last year for like five months, and it's not a big problem. I know how to do it now, just like cut it off and then stop. The reason for that though, there's a book, and I know this is a bit of a side note, but there's a book called, it's Alan Carr, Easy Way to Quit Smoking, and that's a really good book that will help you quit smoking. I mean, it's probably the best out there, or one of the best out there.

It has a higher success rate than anything else that we know. But then we like to put people on drugs. I mean, it's all about money. Look at money.

If you want to learn how to look at the world and what's happening on a better level, then look at people. I mean, look at things that happen and things that are pushed on you, and then think about money um and and every time you're going to go back i mean except this course this is this course is something that's a black swan it's it's not something that's typical at all um so we gotta look at at these things that um yeah i'll go on uh but the okay so so then last time i was locked up for five weeks uh i don't know how long i'll be locked up for this This time probably a lot longer because I'm not going to speak and I'm not going to, I'm going to be a very difficult patient because I got me to worry about. I mean, I got my soul to worry about. I don't give a crap about their opinions because their opinions aren't worth a crap.

They've looked at a very specific area, instead of using it as a tool, they've identified within it, and they claim that as an absolute truth. And how can an absolute truth be something that was created by a human, which is a finite creature that makes no sense? And even worse than that, a collective human with no face. These systems were built through a lot of different hands.

We think about the board of directors, you get a whole bunch of people in a room to make a decision, everybody's going to decide differently, and then you're going to have to all settle. You're all going to have to settle. There's not going to be anybody that gets what they want. real smart you know make it where nobody gets what they want and that will that will settle the issues so I'll be there and be drug and they'll probably put me on drug after drug after drug and and probably try these drugs to try to get me to speak or something like that and and I don't know I mean they they do stupid things because they're they're not working on time they're working on on you cracking that's what they're working on because when you'll crack when I mean you get put in in a confined environment with with not much external stimuli and and and then have people watching you all the time it's is it's not a very good environment and that's what they do is they try to make you crack and they try to break your spirit and they definitely that's and they try to get you to conform so we'll break your spirit until you conform with what it is that where we're pushing on you and and they're going to try to integrate me back into society then so I don't know let's say it takes three months let's say it takes six months I'll I'll be meek to a certain extent I mean I'll be a difficult patient but I'll be meek and you know I'll do what they they force me to do as long as it I mean I'm not going to speak and um and I mean if they tell me to because and they have these stupid lessons um that teach you something how to deal with stress or how to deal with this or do, and they're all stupid, and they have these little stupid games that they do, and I mean, and these are, every once in a while, it's a really terrible place, I'm telling you, it's the worst place I've been to before, but I don't care anymore, and I'm not going to continue living this life, so they're going to have to support me, so let's say three or six months later, I'm out, I'm drugged, maybe I'm talking a little bit, but not much.

I'm on disability, and I'm writing, and I'm writing notebook after notebook, and that's how I'm going to live my life. I have no university to think about. I've withdrawn, you know, if you remember the prologue, I've withdrawn. I have no job, and no job would even hire me.

I have no money, absolutely no money.

Actually, I got like, I think, $42 in my bank account or something, but I haven't used it, you know? I haven't been doing anything. I haven't spent it, so that's how that's still there. But that would be good because that will give me one more month of Internet for my phone, for my Internet, because I only have an Internet phone.

It has no number attached to it. But in saying that, I'm not going to have internet anyway because they don't allow that. And they have no freedom of information. And that's probably the worst thing that I struggled with when I was there.

You might earn rights to stuff like your Kindle or your MP3 player. I'll probably get those back eventually. Not computer. That computer is staying in there.

But, so I'll get those things eventually if I, for good behavior, if I have good behavior.

And then I can start studying more, but that's not going to affect, I mean, and I'll have a notepad too, and that's not going to affect my work because I've got a lot of stuff in my head to go through.

But when I get those things back, that will be really good because then I can start, continue to do my research. so that's the life that I'm going to live and I'm not going to care about any of it anything that happens is whatever that's how it's going to work I have no future to worry about because there is no future for people like me because you secured that you ensured that there was no future for people like me So I will live out your fantasies of how I should be, and that's my fate. And that is all considering if I don't kill myself before.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



02-My-Reflected-Death-28-First-Blood

The blade of society cuts across my heart as a result of your actions.

I long for your love and acceptance, but you forever move me along or hurt me.

I love you, but not how you treat people.

There is your blood. How many times will I choose to bandage the wounds that you inflict upon me? because your hearts are locked and I have no keys fuck you society



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



02-My-Reflected-Death-29-Dearest-Juliet

My dear love, I wish this letter would be on a more positive note, but the world has broken my spirit and I am fatally wounded. I am going to a place that you may or may not be able to follow, depending on how the events unfold after the completion of this heartfelt letter. Please do find out my fate For if I am still breathing There is nothing in the world that I care more about than you Where have you been, my love? I have traveled from castle to castle Defeating the dragons that protected them In search for you I have searched for your sleeping soul So that I might place upon you a gentle kiss To wake you from your slumber I have left breadcrumbs all over the world In hopes that you might follow them to me I have only ever been looking for you You are my other half That Zeus so arrogantly split But I have failed The seconds are passing and each one without you is ever so painful find me so that I can make you my queen we can rule this world of sleepwalkers with compassionate and loving hearts this existence is ours for the taking because it is the role that we were built for we can sit together on the porch of life and swing it away while watching the busy comedy of society.

We can hold hands and gain the strength of 100 men because together we complete the divine transformation of perfect love.

Let us walk the road of life together so that we may enrich the bodies, minds, and spirits of every creature on this beautiful creation of gods that we label earth. Do not waste time my dear for time is of the essence and if you are to discover that I have already parted this existence then I am sorry. I gave this life and all its particulars everything that I had within me And in return, people have bled my heart dry. My existence has been overlooked by everyone.

The daunting odds of finding you haunt my mind and turn my body into liquid.

Where have you been, dear Juliet? My time of need was long ago. If you have arrived and only found my lifeless body, do not follow the tale of Shakespeare. You are more precious than anything or anyone else in our massive universe.

You are the light of the world and are not burdened with the same social structures as your male counterpart. counterpart. You can live a healthy and beautiful life without me by your side. You can shine your light to the world, and the world will love and appreciate you for it. Never forget, my dear

Juliet, that you have been and will always be the apple of my eye. It was always about you. Make haste, my love, for the blade of darkness may already be caressing my skin With the purest forms of agape, philia, and eros Wendell Charles NeSmith



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



02-My-Reflected-Death-30-A-Life-Not-Wanted

You won society. You have destroyed a man that has only ever loved and wanted to be loved. You have broken a man who has spent his life in altruistic ways to give to you everything that he had. Every step of the way I get shown by society that you don't want me.

I go from place to place looking for acceptance and I keep on being moved on. Your systems keep pushing me into the lower class and I refuse to accept a place there because of the unhealthy ways in which they communicate.

So I get pushed into the margins of your society and end up nowhere.

I've given everything that I had within me to you. And I thought a lot about what I wrote on the finale under my legacy. and even though I don't desire to continue to give you content, I still have it on my heart and as long as my heart beats, I'm still going to give you everything that's within me even though it's against my better judgment. I have some big plans in the near future, probably the next two to four weeks I'm going to be writing a book, and I'm going to be giving that as a gift, but not only that, there's a lot more that I'm going to be opening up for everyone.

I'm going to be handing over my intellectual content to everybody, my intellectual property to everybody so this will give you guys the ability to use my intellectual property to sell it and make money for yourself and you can know that you're doing a good thing too because spreading these messages is exactly what the world needs in order for us to even have a chance at any type of sustainable future. So I'm going to be making a license for my book and all the intellectual content on my website. And if you can manage to, even these videos if you wanted to rip these videos and and then sell them then then that's okay so you're going to be giving everything everything I have over over to you all and and I know you don't appreciate that and you won't care and and you'll probably do nothing because you're most of you are too lazy to get off your asses anyway, but this is my gift, and it's one of so many, many gifts I have given in my lifetime, and your gift is to flick me to the side, to persecute me, and to act like I don't exist, but I'll live with that. I have no job. I'm not an employable person. I'm one that has it on his heart to stand

up to all oppression. If I see wrongdoings, I am required to stand up to those. I'm not an employable person at all. People don't want types like me. When I say types, it's

It's only type, it's one, it's me, and I have no income, I'm not in any systems to give me money, I don't beg, I'm not in university anymore, and all those people are dumbasses anyway. I have nothing left that's in my life that's worth living. And I've so tried to take that razor and cut the practical application, strike through it in my arm, and I've been able to do that because I'm such a beautiful creature and God holds my hand back. So I thought about, you know, what could I do?

am I good at? And I'm very good at fasting and I can fast for a very long time. And I can get over, I can control the appetite that, I can suppress that appetite for as long as I desire to. So I will be hoping to end my life in this manner. And I can think of no

better way to die because I would not have to raise a hand to myself. That would be the most virtuous way for me to go. But I need to be fit to write this book and this license. So I'll do that after.

I don't have anything else to go to. I know in this time that I'm going to get my hopes up on something, something's going to happen and I'm going to be like, oh this could change everything. And then, you know, it's not going to, like it never does. My hope has been wasted.

I've been a man of faith my life, and even though you see sometimes that, oh, this could really work out, it never does, it never does, and I know I'm probably going to end up stopping the fast because I see something that looks like it might be able to fix my life, it'll come back to exactly how it's always been, and then I'll do it again, and maybe I'll do it quite a few times, but I'm hoping eventually that two or three weeks into the fast, that combined with the freezing cold of the nights in the wilderness will finish me, will top me off. But I got a lot of work to do. I got a book in me, and this book is going to be released in audio format, in ebook format, and it'll be made as easy as possible for you to be able to print and redistribute this book in whatever method that you see fit. And I'm not going to go in, I got ideas about how I go about the licensing and what the limitations are but basically it's just it's my name that's on it and but it'll be it'll be elaborated and upon and the licensing information made made clear so a lifetime of traumatic experiences have developed my consciousness in the way that it is now and even though I tend not to be depressed I'm lonely I'm so lonely and I'm never in your systems and I can't get in your systems because I don't have money and now I have absolutely no money and and I to get from place to place I go by your shops and and I see you all spending money and it makes me sad because, because you forced me out of that life. I really do hope the best for humanity and not just humanity, I really hope the best

for you, the one watching this. I hope that you learn to see through your systems and become a good person. And maybe you are a good person, I don't know, I'm not the judge.

But, look at yourself. Objectively look at yourself. Go through these videos, learn yourself. And when you do, then you can learn what it is that you need to do to change the world.

And people say that one man can't change the world. And by man, I mean man or woman, mankind. kind, but I'm here to tell you that only one individual can change the world. The collective consciousness has no conscious, so only you can change the world.

That one man, as we've seen throughout history, that one man has changed everything. And that one man can be you if you just step up, fight for what you believe in, and endure all the subjugation and oppression that occurs as a result of that. I really hope the best for you and I hope the best for our human species. I hope we are able to go beyond our problems and go back to flourishing.

And what we're doing now isn't flourishing. Building for the sake of building is not flourishing. Our exponential growth is not flourishing. Making more money is not flourishing.

We're the ones that made money. We make it so we can make more of it. There is paradoxes all through here that make absolutely no sense. It's absurd.

It is absurd. We have forgotten how to utilize the dollar as a tool and instead we have identified within it and that's not cool, that's not cool. And it's that dollar that you look at and I'm behind that dollar. You have that dollar in front of your face and I'm right behind it.

Learn to stick that dollar, throw the dollar away, another one will come your way. So a 13-minute video, I guess that's going to be it. Whether you think 13 is lucky or unlucky, or if you're not superstitious, or who cares, I'm going to end on a 13 note. So go save the world. God bless. And stay safe.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



02-My-Reflected-Death-31-Prologue-The-Last-Stand

Prologue. The Last Stand. A man who only ever wanted love and acceptance makes his last stand for true value. He decides to give the biomedical model of medicine one more chance by forcing their ears to listen. But things never go as planned for our hero.

Introduction Email This email did not end up going out, because their systems had no room for such things. To whom it may concern, your people have done nothing but cause extreme hardships in my past, so I am being careful. Not even a year ago, you extracted me from the freedom of the beautiful wilderness and involuntarily incarcerated me for six weeks, the worst period of my life. You put me on drugs that made me feel absolutely terrible and refused to listen to anything that I said.

I was continually treated as if I was insane and not, therefore, worth listening to. That is less than human. Every time I tried to explain things, I was cut off. I will not even put myself near the danger of an occurrence like this again.

Different clinics have been attempting to get their hands on me over the last year, but they have difficulties tracking me down because I live in the amazing wilderness that our society overlooks. Remove your preconceptions about what a person should be and listen to what I have to say. I don't value all the crap that your society pushes on its people. The only thing I value in life is love and your systems have only shown me its polarization.

Do not treat me like I should value the things that everyone else does. I could care less about most of the mundane events of my life that your systems have attempted to focus on with me. Want to help? Find out who I am and what I do care about.

Open your ears and mind for this session And don't push your cookie-cutter image of society's archetypal person on me. Find out what I value, and then you can find out how to truly counsel an individual like myself.

The first session is mine. I am attending this session, just not in the way that you might think or desire. I will force you to listen to my words, or I walk. You will follow my instructions and allow me to conduct this session, which will take a little over an hour of your time if you rush through the steps.

If you take it slow, maybe an hour and a half. If you do not follow my instructions, then you will not have me as a patient. Do what I say and open your ears for one session and you get the chance to counsel probably the most interesting person that you have ever encountered before. Fail and I walk and you lose your chance. This session will be internet based, so get a computer set up with

internet and speakers and rid yourself of all potential distractions. I will only accept your full attention. If you are unable to comply, then I am gone. There are no compromises with this session. When you are ready to begin this session, email me back with only the

word, begin, in the body. Don't say anything else. It is not worth it until after the session.

I will be in a remote location, monitoring all activity on my site to ensure that you follow instructions. If you do not, then I walk. After the session is complete, email me your assessment of me. Then wait, or get back to your job, or whatever. This session will be conducted

here, www.nesmith.net. Do not start until you have emailed me. Ensure that the email is sent and not just sitting in the outbox.

Do not claim me irrational. My entire mental health history has you people subjugating and oppressing me, showing absolutely no concern about the person that I am. Your systems have tried again and again to conform me to what you believe is healthy, all the while overlooking that it is not caring about the individual that I am. Let us see if you have the heart and brain to help someone like me.

Yours truly, Wendell Charles NeSmith, www.nesmith.net, Psychology, Session 1. Welcome to my first counseling session. Please sit back and enjoy. These topics do not have to be a chore.

They are our lives.

Always listen to audio versions and don't just read the articles. I want you to hear the passion in my words.

Step 1. Mental Health First Appointment Failed You will be introduced to my life. You will come to better understand why your systems tear apart my life and what you are up against when dealing with me. This was created just for you.

Step 2 Dear Suicidal Friend You will be introduced to my condition that I battle. This will also offer you insight into many conditions outside of your individual, mind-driven, empiricist approach. There are many sociological factors which condition mental states that your discipline tends to ignore. Get comfortable because this is the bulk of the session.

Step 3. The End This is the end of my course, The Meaning of Life, and will give you insight into my personality and explain to you what I do and why I do the things that I do.

Step 4. The Mark of Humanity This is the last reading and a short synthesis of my course, The Meaning of Life. Not everything will be entirely comprehensible to you unless you take the course, which you are welcome to do in your free time if you are interested. If you did, you would stand as a warrior to be able to treat me.

I do wish to mention that I paint with my words. Taking anything that I say literally is misapprehending me entirely. We live in a world of metaphorical shadows, and if you have not found this out, then you really should take my course. Just because I do not perceive the world like everyone else does not make me delusional.

I have spent my entire life learning about the real world while all around me wasted it watching television. Socrates said, Ought we to follow the opinion of many and to fear them, or the opinion of one man who has understanding? Crito by Plato Do not condescend me. I have worked hard to get to where I am.

Step 5 www.nesmith.net Explore a little around my website. Look around my course. There is 30 hours of content there. My articles section is the home for my most significant writings.

Check out my archives section, which is filled with massive amounts of content. The section, Monks Sing, is when I first started living in the wilderness shortly before I was incarcerated. The sanity section was while I was locked up. I gave all the articles to the psychiatrists, but they preferred to write me off as crazy instead of reading my work.

Click around and see what I do with my life. There is an abundance of content and much of it could open up new areas of study if people only had the ears to listen. I have been developing this website for a long time. This website is my full-time job.

But I must admit, up until around two years ago, the content was immature.

End. To end this session, I need you to understand that at any time I may end my life. And if you are going to be my counselor, you need to accept this without attempting to oppress me with any forms of subjugation. The law against suicide is absurd.

The people in this world are extremely cruel to what they do not, nor desire to, understand. and they have time and time again shown me that I am not welcome to breathe the same air that they do. Yes, I am frightened of people because I know what the blackness in their hearts are capable of. But this does not stop me from trying time and time again to find people who will love and accept me for who I am.

This is why I wander around the world. I have reasons to be frightened of people. Their ignorance, which causes their arrogance, lashes across my back on a day-to-day basis. Aristotle said that one who has no loved ones would not desire to live.

I do not desire to live. But every day I search for love so that I might have a reason to live. One day, maybe soon or maybe not, I might give up and cut across the tattoo, Phronesis, Practical Wisdom, on my left forearm. To die with meaning is the only way to die.

To die in this manner would paint my life exactly the way that I have lived it. and my body would probably never be found, and no soul would realize that I am gone.

Thank you for your time. Email me with your assessment. I am nearby, waiting for it.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



02-My-Reflected-Death-The-Marks-of-Humanity

The Marks of Humanity, July 12, 2012, by Wendell Charles NeSmith.

Welcome to Athedon. This is now our new utopian society. It is as fast as the turtle, but always wins the race. It is not said to be this or that, but instead develops from within and reaches out into all of society.

Among its beautiful and never-ending gardens, you will come to understand its nature, which will persuade your feet to align within its circle. because you will come to understand that your nature derives from it.

This will result in your passion, desire, and dedication to exist as and within the highest form of it understood and actualized into your existence. When our errors have been identified and methods to correct those errors have been conveyed, who then holds the responsibility to make a better future? Are we as humans doomed to wallow within our sins, or do we have the ability to go beyond them? Are we going to reject what is strange just because it is new?

Are we going to continue to live out the lives that our government enforces upon us? Are we going to continue to indoctrinate the masses, or instead, teach them how to think for themselves? What is our responsibility when everything that we need to achieve our Athedon lay in front of us, but only in pieces? Are we able to go beyond our follies by evolving with beneficial change?

Are we always going to be confined by the straitjackets that our governments entangle us into?

This morning I met a girl and the first thing that she said to me was, I love you. It is only when each individual and as a result the collective freely expose their hearts in this manner that we will ever be able to free education.

Those are the necessary conditions for this evolution. We can ride this wave out or build corruptions into it. Our next actions will determine the course of our future and potential human history. When every human being in this world has virtually an unlimited amount of knowledge at their fingertips, available in many receptive and convenient formats, we forever change the direction and practices within our cultural makeup.

The facilities and intuitively dynamic interfaces provided to students can enable their own minds to expand as far as they have the dedication to take it.

Time becomes of little relevance as all of the methods can be integrated easily into individual schedules and lifestyles. And those who entirely dedicate themselves to it will have the opportunity to feed any intellectual, emotional, and spiritual desire. This will eventually result in building a society where the character of an individual is judged by their abilities and not their social order. The most important and controversial issues of all time will be placed back on the table and we as a society will be prepared to solve them.

The bigger picture will slowly be revealed as we develop stars within these systems who invest into very specialized areas. Our words will once again be contrasted with our actions, and we will all find out whether we can practically apply our understandings. We will exist together in our nature and become part of the divine creation. Each man and woman has now been given the keys to their dream car.

Now we must learn how to drive it. If we are careless in our actions, then we will ultimately cause our own destruction. We have been given the transport required to reach any destination that we so desire. How much time will we invest into building a perfectly integrated system?

How many driving courses must we take before we are confident to travel on the road? Will we throw away human decency and cause chaos upon our new world that encapsulates an infinite amount of potential? Will we ignore the need for traffic regulations to guide us along our way? Or will we build effective and caring structures to direct individual and collective potential towards healthy forms of mental distribution.

The world we live in is huge. There exist so many different types of people and a lifetime of exploring would not be long enough to comprehend them all. We have now created a virtual world that can help us locate and communicate with those who function most appropriately with our own particular psychology. Technology has tumbled down the walls of our limiting structures and all the necessary conditions are now enabled to reach our potential.

We are now able to spend our lives searching for the right people and as a result, those who do will one day reach all of their potential. Our friendships are no longer bound by the distance of our location, but now we are given the ultimate tool for humanity. Each major technological development is fine-tuned and eventually effectively integrated into our society. We first use natural resources to pass down our interpretations.

We then invented the printing press that enabled knowledge to be distributed cost effectively. The need for communication during war brought us to our developments in electronic highways of information. And from this corruption we slowly shed the dead skin and transform it into a virtue. We iron out the problems of this new technology and as we do this our interfaces improve efficiency.

As we learn the new systems we become accustomed to how it all works and as a result we learn how to become better people. We develop holistic understandings with how it all works and are then encouraged to interact in a loving mentality to support and lead its development and direction. We live in the year 2012, and the world is ending. A new world is about to begin if we only allow it to unfold.

We have learned the theory on how to create a utopian society. We now only need to figure out how to put it all into practice. We might start with education to achieve our enlightened perspectives, but the means and the ends are two different equations. To lead our future to our desired outcome, we must figure out a path that will get us there.

And on this road, we will travel many directions, but in the end, we will prevail or fade away out of existence. And the road to love is not an easy journey. Love will always conquer all, but we will choose whether it will include humanity. What road rules will you create and follow to ensure safe travel for all on this highway?

When we are shown the theory of how we could change absolutely everything, then what do our responsibilities become? What about when this theory is put into action and exposed as the gold that it could one day be? We now have a newborn child who could change our entire society. How will we treat this child?

Will we deprive it of nutrition? Will we deprive it of love? Will we ignore its existence? How will we treat our fellow humans when the truth has been revealed?

Now let us spread the good news in order to raise awareness about free education and as a result let us watch the beginnings of our new utopian society. Let us all learn to read between the lines so that we can all write our own stories. To fix the world we must first fix our minds. To fix our minds, we must first fix our hearts.


༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
https://republicka.life
https://kkk.education
CC0 PUBLICKÁ DOMÁNIA
ALL LOVE RESERVED
AMORIARIACKA IS MY NATIVE TONGUE
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
