༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
💜 What Is Love? 💜
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻

July 12, 2012


Wendell yet again inflicts suffering upon himself when he offers his heart to a girl that lives across the world who does not want it.

We have dared to take the bull by the horns by asking the popular yet unanswered question, "What is Love?". What are past conceptions of love and how did they bring about our current understandings? How are we to love our friends? How are we to love our partner? How are we to love all of human existence? How can we apply ourselves best to meet all of our responsibilities to others while also loving ourselves? You have stumbled upon a course provided by an individual who has spent his entire life studying and attempting to practically apply love into all of his actions. Through our amazing journey we will learn, feel, and experience what it truly means to love. And after we get through all of the pain and suffering, we discover how to free education and are left with the required framework to build a utopian society.


------


03-What-Is-Love-01-Introduction

Is he crazy? Is he going to do it? What a topic. What an amazing, brilliant and infinite topic. What is love? Where could we start with such a topic? Am I mad for trying to tackle something amazing such as love?

To even dedicate an entire course to its conception, could this even break the ice to reach us to get closer to that love? Can one perspective effectively give an understanding as to what this love is? If you know my work you'll know that my courses arise from me doing something incredibly irrational and then incurring all the suffering that comes along with that choice. I give my heart to everybody to put myself into the worst case scenarios so I can learn these scenarios in and out and then give a receptive presentation on the true core issues behind these topics. And love is one of those amazing topics that will resonate throughout

your life from beginning to end. So we have an entire life here that we can learn all about this amazing thing called love or we can spend it wasting ourselves away in front of crappy television. So I hope you enjoy this production. There will be lectures and dramatizations throughout it.

I hope to entertain your bodies, your minds, and your spirits. I will put my entire self into this production and you will see the heart that resonates behind the words. You will begin to get an understanding about where I come from as far as love. This course is not going to take you through all the different past conceptions of love, although the readings themselves will take you through quite a few. But I thought about this a lot and I've learned a lot about

about love through theory and experience and attempting to put that that theory into practice into my own actions for a long long time so I'm getting an interpretation off these other people who did the same thing with their lives trying to best get to that love so I hope you enjoy there was a lot of thought brought into this and and the objective of this is to is to win a heart and to show a broken heart from the mistreatment of people how it can truly love because securing our hearts and not taking that jump when that jump is so uh so suitable will have its ramifications uh there will be many different themes portrayed throughout this course um and you'll you'll get a gist of them as time goes on this course uh okay so i'll explain a little bit about what brought about this course um so my first course like was was brought about from from living in a in a trailer and then having to go live in the wilderness so there was a transition there and then my second course was to examine all of the aspects that I could understand about mental health and what our systems are doing wrong within mental health and in this course I am I gave my heart to a girl who could fulfill all my most passionate desires and and she did not return that sentiment so I'm in love with a girl who doesn't love me but but she's interested so I am going to win her heart to show her what it really means to be a man, to be that man that she needs to be, that she needs me to be. And that's what I'm being right now by sharing a course with the world about my understandings of what it really means to love. And we got a lot of different facets in here. We got love of humanity, so love of everything, love of people.

got love of a friend how are we going to be the best person possible for other people and then we have love for that special someone that romantic love so these are three Greek words are going to be thrown around a lot through this is we got agape which is love of humanity eros which is romantic love and philia which is love of a friend so we got a lot to talk about through all these different conceptions I want to say that I planned this many times and thought about doing it in different ways but I thought that the most effective method for reciprocation to be understood would be to feel through it and you would notice that I'm very dynamic within all my past works I am progressive I find out what works best and and move through it so you can see what i'm seeing so this will just be feeling through this topic of love in all different directions and then presenting to you some of my own understandings and found truths in life about this amazing topic so i would like you to now open your hearts to me so that i can serenade them with the message that i have to give okay i hope you enjoy this presentation and in the end of each day at the end of each production throughout all the difficult times that it takes my mind my spirit and my body to be able to build these productions for you all of it is for you and I think that you would know who I'm talking about I have very strong opinions on getting the right people in your life that you need around you and and throughout this course this epicurean type philosophy will pop up and and I believe that we need to search for the right people who are most suitable to our own particular psychology and then once we find them then invest ourselves into them fully so they can also invest themselves into ourselves so we can both dynamically grow together in a world that doesn't care but we can help them care and so we we got to start trying to build these these relationships up because life is all about relationships and to say anything else other than that is to lose perspective of what is going on around you if you don't care about people then there's something wrong and and you should probably fix that because that's an error with your psychology and we got to observe these errors with our psychology and then develop methodologies to overcome those particular areas and as philosophy is an ever fine-tuning sharpening blade so can you by examining the errors of your love that you have to give and then correcting those errors to be a more upright person and then you would be able to give all of your love that you have to give uncorruptingly unconditionally to every single individual on this planet and and through this this process you can be the best person that you can be and you can live without regrets because you are forever becoming and that's what I that's what I preach I preach the Superman I follow in Nietzsche's footsteps so enjoy the production God bless



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



03-What-Is-Love-02-Ok-Cupid

The topic of love is no different than the topic of God. To learn how to love is a lifelong journey that will bring us to the most taunting and glorifying journeys of our lives. But the love we label to be Cupid is blind. fills itself around. It grabs for the impossible and is stifled with compromise. Cupid's childlike

and innocent portrayal is only a disguise. For Cupid is the strongest warrior of them all, for his arrows never miss and will move mountains amongst men.

Many wars are and will continue to be fought in its name and misinterpretation. This love is our destiny. But in order to achieve the hope at the bottom of Pandora's jar, we must first work through all of its noxious manifestations. To truly love will offer us the best life possible.

Let me tell you my story of what I have come to understand what it means to truly love.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



03-What-Is-Love-03-Lecture-1-My-Love-Your-Love-Our-Love

The topic of love. Oh, where to start with this? Okay, there's so many things involved, and I've read so many things, and thought about so many different perspectives of love, so I got a lot in my head, and it's like, well, how am I going to start on such a subject as big as love? And I think within any subject, we need to come back to its core and what it really means.

We need to redefine what it is that we're talking about. And in order to find out the core, we have to look within. So first, we need to look at our own love. So how are we loving? How are we choosing to love?

What is it that we're choosing to love? and what are the ramifications of what we're choosing to love and and what are the ramifications of this black swans I love black swans they're my favorite can you see them I know this camera is crappy there's some black swans hello black swans oh they're liking me they're liking me they're coming over I don't any bread actually i might have some bread for you uh i'm doing a lecture all right whatever there's your black swans see the black swans are there you just gotta look at them you just gotta look around open your heart okay so talking about love and the black swans awesome that was good timing okay so we got to think about you know what what is our love causing so so however we feel about certain subjects will have repercussions as to our own psychology and our conscious awareness that we choose to employ how we choose to employ it and how we choose to employ it towards other people and we got this otherness happening because you got yourself but from yourself comes out your love and then how you treat other people then shows what a reflection of yourself so we got a lot of different aspects to worry about and and that's just talking so from from within then manifests what comes on the outside and not only that that then has an impact on the whole so so all of the world from you doing the actions that you do will have other actions that that are reciprocated from those actions and and you develop your own existence within within what it is that you love and so from yourself goes to other people and then those other people then become the whole of humanity so we're dealing with first, I'll portray it as, let's say, first romantic love. So we're looking for that one that we can entirely give ourselves over to and then also return the favor. And this investment into each other will ultimately lead you to having the best life possible. That is if the two

psychologies fit together so even even this search is giving love for a romantic other and it depends and how we search will depend on what type of love that we have to give so if you're one of those people that go to a nightclub all the time that's a reflection of your own love and I'm not discrediting any of that I just want to say that the actions that you take to find this love are reflections of the love that you have to share. So what love you have to share is manifest in your world. And so then that's into love of a friend. So then everybody that comes along. And within romantic relationships, if we want the best

possible romantic relationship, then we need a friend first. We need someone who will be our super duper best friend, BFF, best friends forever, and we really need someone that enjoys our own psychology, that we also enjoy their psychology, and we can invest each other into those other psychologies. But you have to learn how to be a friend, and in order to learn how to be a friend, you have to learn how to be there for people, and you have to learn what decisions you should make regarding these people. I mean, should you be able to lie for these people? Should you be able to do things that you might not normally do to

protect this love? Or how are you to protect this love? Because our actions will suffer the consequences of our actions. So if we protect this love in an unhealthy way, then that will result in the world that we live in and we're going to have to deal with that at some stage, but what so many tend to do is let that fester and just put it on the back burner.

But we need to deal with these issues if we are to find the love that we truly desire. So we got to spend a lot of time on learning how to be a good friend, learning how to be there for people when they need us, learning how to be an ear and not just a mouth, learning how to really listen to people and interpret what it is that they feel and then try to help guide them on the most healthy route possible. And this is what friends do for each other, and we'll read a lot about some of these different things. In Aristotle, we'll read some Nicomathian Ethics over this course.

So there's a lot of different things that we're going to be going over, but in being this best friend, then we can learn from people the best. We can learn what it truly means to be a human. And then we can figure out methodologies to employ that can best help this fellow human being without causing them to feel inadequate or problem-ridden. I mean, we're all humans here, so we need to learn how to communicate in an effective manner to be able to go beyond the problems within our own psychology.

So, we're dealing with a lot of subjects here, and I guess this lecture is really just going to speak about an overview of some of these topics that we're going to be diving in over our time. And I'll tell you how, I told you a little bit earlier how this course started about, But I'll tell you again, in a little bit more detail, is that I found a girl online. And those of you who know my work, I've been looking for someone who most appropriately fit with the person that I am for a long, long time. And I'm very picky.

I have a whole lot of requirements, and I don't look at women that don't fit those requirements. And the girl that I found fits all those requirements.

And in love, you have to stick your neck out there for it to be a true loving relationship. And this course is meant to heal her heart and show her what real love is because she's been mistreated in love in her past. And I want to heal that. And this course is an attempt to do that.

And maybe from healing her heart, she'll open it up to me.

So that's the background behind this course. I am trying to win a heart.

And some things that I've noticed with her own heart is that it's very closed and it's very closed as a result of this mistreatment but but she can't she can't love the best that she can love with this type of heart so hopefully this this this course will encourage it to bloom and be the heart that I need my other half to be because right now it's not and I want to help that heart get to where it needs to be so she can truly learn how to love and and once she does that then then we can live happily ever after loving ourselves the world and everybody in it to the best of our abilities we can combine our passions and and really make a life for not only eat each other but also ourselves and and I guess this gets me into the topic of loving ourselves so we're talking about about love from the the core perspective well I gotta love myself so let's look at what myself is what is myself this is a very good question well let's talk about what myself is let's let's talk about all the little little eccentricities and all the little flaws that somehow make us beautiful and and not only that let's talk about the dark corners let's talk about the the places that that we might not necessarily want to go to but we need to talk about these subjects and learn ways to overcome them if we are to get rid of them out of our lives. So to love we shouldn't place boundaries around it and to say that love is this or that is to entirely misapprehend what love truly is. So this this course wants to really try and dive in and and open up to what it really means to love. And I say that in an overview way, because we got eros, philia, and agape, but it's all from a core, and that core is agape. And when we

line the rest of our perspectives of our hearts, you know, we got emotional, we got intellectual, we got physical, we got spiritual, we have all these different perspectives that we can understand love and when we align them all right with with what love what it really means to love then we can best love the people around us and in this will ultimately cause difficulties and hardships because you're exposing your heart to others and and that's what I done I exposed my heart to her and told her that i loved her and um this is because i've been looking for this one and that's what all my work ultimately is uh is hoping for and um and then she's there and she fits all the criterion that's required um then all the other details don't matter like everything else we can work together to to come to and overcome together and we can help each other get to where we truly need to be so this this it's a commitment that so you you got to make commitments you got to make you got to do things that are uncomfortable to love in the purest form possible but that that discomfort makes us uneasy and and once we once it's not reciprocated then we are entirely exposed or actually we're exposed right when we we when we when we demonstrate the love or when we talk about the love we expose ourselves and and this exposure is one of the themes that will be talked about through the course because in order to truly love and know what it means to love and to be able to feel as a human being and know what it means to be a human being we have to expose our hearts and unfortunately this does mean that it's going to incur a lot of suffering and time and time again people will stop all over your heart but the thing is that their stomps is conditioning that heart to be something more than it is and that's through love so even though that heart might end up damaged that heart is still the the strongest heart that that is known to mankind because we are not putting limits on any of it so to to truly love someone and give yourself over to them is to give them everything and and that's what I have done and even though it's not reciprocated there's still interest there so I'm going to do everything I can to be the knight in shining armor and show that I'm exactly the man that she needs and she's very private in her life and I hope to change that she tells me that you know it'd be foolish of me to expose my love to to the world and she says that because of her experience because her experience has developed coping mechanisms for her to to deal with the rejection and problems that occurred within her past receiving and giving of love. So it's understandable, but we're developmental creatures, and we're meant to learn and continue to be better. And the best way to love is to love with all your heart, and that is to everybody. And even though I've given my heart over to this girl, So my heart is given to everybody, but through her, I can share the best love that I have possible with the entire human population.

so she's not I don't think she's going to be too fond about all of this being on the internet because uh because it's all exposed and and this is the heart that I'm showing her that she she needs to step up into and that's the exposed heart because the exposed heart truly knows how to love. And my heart's been exposed for my life and that's why I end up in bad situations and that's why I end up with people hurting it often because I live with an exposed heart. But I am convinced that this is the best way to live because even though it hurts so much to go through these things at the very end of the day you will end up with better results your life will be better for it so I expose myself and my entire psychology to her and she's going to see both the good and the bad from me she's going to see everything because she has me on a line now and it's an unreciprocated line. She knows that she has me and she's seeing what I do and this is what I'm doing. But in the process then there's a lot of things going on with my

psychology because I'm now exposed and I've dedicated myself to her but she's not convinced one way or another yet so I'm I'm in the deep end I mean I've taken the leap of faith and I'm falling and I'm falling for her badly but but she's just she's still standing up on that cliff wondering if it's worth jumping off to to follow me to see if what I have to offer in life is a is is worthy of what who she is and she needs someone that's worthy and I'm going to be that guy. So being homeless for a long time now and really by choice because I want to see all this suffering so I can learn from it and become a better person out of it. But I'm not planning on staying that way and if she opens her heart to me then that's going to change everything. But needing to live under these situations, you've got to worry about how to get food, you've got to worry about what wilderness you're going to sleep in, what mountain you're going to stay on, what you're going to do with your time. You've

got a lot of things to worry about. And a big thing is food, and you've got to track make sure you get enough food you've got to get your daily bread and I'm always the last person to to accept things so so I'll I'll stand at the end of a line happily but and at the end of each day I end up getting my daily bread whether I get the best bread possible or not is irrelevant but once I see what I need what once I see what it is that my heart's desire desires then I grab it because those things won't always be there so I won't push in the way to grab it but when I know that's what I want when I know that's what's best for me all of the details about its flavor or or how is cooked or what what's in it or anything like that is irrelevant because the the core of everything is is the same it will still give you your sustenance to continue breathing the next day and this is how I live my life is I I look at the world and there's so much in it that I don't want to touch and I don't and I stay away from it and and violence and aggression really gets to me, and I have problems coping with it, so I avoid all the situations that might ever end up there. But unfortunately, the lifestyle that I live, I see these things all the time. So, I mean, I can't really do a lot about it, but choose not to go to the places where those sort of events happen most often.

So I see what is best for me and I grab it because the thing is that that is not going to be there forever and we have to have faith into what it is that's in front of us. If it appears to be what we want, what we need, then we need to grab it before someone else does and and this is this is what love is is highly connected to is uh is once it's there you know we got to take that leap of faith the kirk your guardian leap of faith though he says you know you're standing at the edge of a precipice and you're looking down and you're not sure where to jump you want you and you're scared of jumping you're frightened of jumping you don't your natural instinct is to step away but you look down and you go well i could jump any direction whatsoever and the and the direction that i choose to jump is going to have an outcome of how i fall and uh and metaphorically if we want to look at this into love as in the jump into love looking down on the infinite you know um god is love or love is a representation of god or i mean we're talking about one of the same type subjects, one of the same thing, and we got to look at that infinite, and then we got to pick a point really carefully to invest ourselves into and throw ourselves off with faith, understanding that we're going to incur a lot of trauma as we fall and we're going to hit a lot of branches on the way down but but from the position that we chose to leap our bodies into at the very end we we have to have faith and hope that that everything will work out best for our own particular psychology and that's what we always got to look at is the long scheme of things the test of time um but but saying this this is hard for me too because I live very in the moment everything is about right now and I've spent a lot of time becoming that meditation has has really directed me straight into being in the moment and being in the moment can have its ramifications as well even though in Buddhism we're striving to not cling to things just let everything be and you know I practice these things but but all of this makes you live in the moment and when you're in the moment then you you want to cling to what's in front of you so you can you can pry yourself away from those material possessions and and those things in life that are more superficial but at the end of the day you you can't pry yourself or I I can't prime i haven't been able to yet pry myself away from that clinging entirely uh because so i want you know what i see if i see it and i know i want it and it's not taken yet then i i will throw myself into there and uh and have faith that it's all going to work out for the best and if this relationship doesn't work out for the best if this doesn't win her heart then my heart is secure that my heart did everything that it could to enable the conditions for the best possible relationship. And I will move on to the next potential girl who would be more suitable for the task of looking after me. And I'm not making any, I'm not saying any different.

The task of looking after me is a big task. I might not care so much about the physical, and I might be very, you know, stay away from materialism, but I'm very emotionally needy, and I'm very intellectually needy as well. I have a lot of aspirations and a lot of dreams and I want someone else to hold my hand to actualize them and I wish to do the same for her dreams. I'm looking to combine two of the like into one substance and the metaphor that I've been using with her is I have a glass heart and she has a glass heart.

But inside that glass heart is a substance, and it's that substance that we've created our love to be. And we could take those two substances and combine them into one. And we could then help ourselves the best we can. We can learn to love ourselves the best we can.

We can learn to love everybody else the best we can. and we can learn to love humanity and help in the best way that we can but all of this does not manifest its possibilities until we first turn within we got to look inside we got to look at our own hearts and the condition that's in the manifestations that it results the fruits of our labors how people act around us how people people perceive us to be we got to think about these things, how we choose to comport our bodies, minds, and spirits in this world, we've got to think about these things because without us, we've got to work on ourselves first before we're good to anybody else. So if I'm not good for myself, then I'm no good for anybody else. And a relationship is not a very good idea. Maybe a friendship that can guide you along, but a romantic relationship

that if you haven't worked on yourself inside, then you have to, then you can't help others. So I'm trying to enable the conditions that can help this girl to open her heart for it to bloom so it can be the heart that I need in my life. and I'm going to show her that I'm the heart that she needs in her life.

But back to love of humanity, because at the end of every day, it's all about agape. We might have to work up, so we have to go through friendships, then relationships, romantic relationships, close relationships, acquaintances. We have all these things that we have to work up to to be able to get to agape, which is love of humanity or God's love. It's the love that we're trying to tune our bodies, minds, and spirits within this beautiful world that we've been blessed with.

So at the end of every day, agape is what needs to manifest as the end result of our actions. And so we get the test of time, which will show you different perspectives, like different courses that I offer and that I provide.

But so the fruits of that test of time will show the love that you have to offer. um and we got so many different perspectives to look at and how we choose to offer our love what love that we give to other people who need it and other people who reject it but still end up needing it um and and i see this every day and especially with me a lot of people at first reject the love that I have to give, and then when they start to understand who I am, then they open up. And over time, there's a lot of people that I help, and there's a lot of hearts throughout this world that I've changed, but in saying that as well, there's a lot of hearts who have completely rejected me, and a lot of that is my family. But that's a different topic.

This course will be going through my love. I'm a philosopher, and I was going to be going through all these other people's philosophies, which you will with the readings, but I'm a philosopher, and I've been thinking a lot about this from a lot of different interpretations of love, so you're going to be getting my philosophy, which has been shaped and molded by a lot of other people's philosophies and my own experience and this is a refined perspective of what a certain one subjective perspective of the world is and my interpretation and it attempted to be articulated to the most effective method to the world. So our first reading of this lecture is going to be Plato the Symposium. If you'd taken any of my other courses, we would have done parts, we would have read parts of this, but I'm going to throw the whole book at you.

It shouldn't, it won't take too long. It's not a long book, but it's a really good one. And there's a lot of perspectives thrown out here, and let's just consider these perspectives. And the aim of each of my courses is practical application.

So even though we're learning a lot of theory and we're going through a lot of different topics. Each step you need to be thinking about how you can turn what it is that you're learning into a practically applicable process. And then you can also breed out any errors in your psychology over time to be able to best give your love to the world. And then And over time, that will help the world best give you the love that you need and your perspectives and understandings will change.

Love is an ever-changing, ever-forming, ever-developing, ever-growing, beautiful, infinite conception, abstraction. It is amazing. So let us learn how to love for the rest of our lives. When we think we know what love is, that is when we misinterpret love and then we cause a lot of problems as a result.

Hitler had a lot of love to give, a whole bunch of love to give, but his love excluded. Let us learn how to condition our hearts to include all and hopefully I'll win the girl at the end of it. God bless and thanks for listening.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



03-What-Is-Love-04-The-Secret

I reveal to you, world, a secret, I give it all, I become yours, the word tattooed upon my heart astralizes itself into my existence, and I reveal not only everything that makes me but also everything that makes humanity. What will you do world with such information? Will you turn your blind eye? Will you, will you further discriminate more than you already do?

Will you reject the one who presents to you everything? How will you treat your fellow human when your fellow human has exposed himself entirely to you? Will you spit on the ground that I walk? Most of you already do.

Have my greatest good to live, and my greatest good is to expose all. World, you will know who I am. You will know everything that you desire to know about me. I will keep nothing from you and from this you will judge.

But I await the day where we look at people like me as gems, as people that can care, we can care about, that we can open our doors to, that we can open our minds to, that we can open our hearts to. For people like me will always exist. People like me will always remain hidden and confined by the limits of society. People like me will always be misjudged.

Will you be one of those people who misjudge? We have the possibility to create a new golden age. We have the technology to improve the minds of every person on this planet. And we have all the raw materials that it requires to create a loving and thinking society.

But how will you treat me when I reveal to you my deepest and darkest secrets? I love you humanity. You are always imprinted on my heart.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



03-What-Is-Love-05-Lecture-2-Deepest-Darkest-Corners

going through this love we have to go through the dark corners of our minds we have to experience what it really means to be human being exposed to the harsh conditions that go against you living in that exposure and staying true to your heart when the world around you tells you differently. This course, I'm not going to have any outlines, this entire course, I didn't have any of the last ones. I'm not going to do any outlines for lectures. I'm going to do it all by heart.

So this is a first for me, first course that I'm going to be like that. I've done lectures where I didn't have an outline, but I never did a whole course, so let my heart direct this course. But to begin this lecture, we're going to be looking at the psychological walls, our psychology, what happens to our psychology when we love, and what can we do with it, And not only that, what does the negative manifestations that our psychology, that are manifested through our psychology, what can we do about them when they come out in love? and love will bring them all out. The best way to expose your problems to figure out how to fix

your problems is to suffer through those problems. When you have fears, the way to go beyond those fears is to throw yourself into those fears. It's to look the bull in the eyes. So that's what I'm going to be doing throughout all this and I guess I do that throughout all my courses but this time it's going to be all just coming straight from the heart there's no outlines here so we got this psychology here and it's doing crazy things to us making us feel things that aren't necessarily considered rational to the world but but our hearts leading us and we're following our heart even though others might look down upon our decisions as a result of what our hearts so desired.

But we run into problems. So we get to talking with someone else and everything seems to be going good, but then we run into a wall. And that wall is an unhealthy coping mechanism that was built to serve a particular purpose throughout your life to get you through something so it has value, but in the end, it's still a negative manifestation. And when you have other people in your life who are smart, then they can pick up on these things that you yourself either haven't picked up on or haven't had the people in your life to be able to work on those problems.

And having the right people in your life is the most important thing because when those problems arise you're in the best situation to resolve those problems so this entire course is an open heart an open mind and an open spirit and I'm going to expose myself for everything that I am good and bad and I'm going to expose myself to the entire world and I'll tell you a little bit I don't I I don't think this is going to work. I think she's packing up her bags and getting out of the door because, metaphorically, we haven't got anywhere near that stage, but I think she's slipping between my fingers. But I'm going to continue this course as my heart has pushed me to and give all the love that I can to every one of you out there whether it's received by her or not. Ultimately this is going to lead me to that one anyway because the other is going to have, going to connect with these understandings and now they're available to the world. But my heart's on

this girl, and she's already picked up on some negative manifestations that I've used to cope with certain things throughout my life, and I'm receptive to alter those, but I don't think that she wants those sort of things in her life. I'm very receptive to alter those. I haven't had people in my life to help me refine as a person ever. I mean, Besides learning from everybody along the journeys, I've never had people that were spiritually, mentally, and emotionally, or even physically, equipped to be able to handle someone like me.

So I hope this is for her. I hope all of this is for her. I'll tell you her name. It's a beautiful name. It's Maria.

I'm not going to tell you about her though, I mean this is about me, if she ever wants to share some of her heart with the world then she can do that, but you're going to be getting my side on this whole perspective, this whole thing, and it's to the entire world. And I'm not going to be excluding anything, and I want to show Maria my heart for who I am and I want to show her how she too can love or should love and this is by being entirely exposed and I'm going to entirely expose myself for exactly who I am and I will probably get a lot of you guys then disliking me or having negative things to say about me and I will incur all of those negative ramifications because my greatest good is to have everything on the line and this is physically, mentally, emotionally, spiritually. There's no secrets with me and that is to the entire world. I'm not a man going to carry secrets around, even if these reflect very negatively on the person that I am.

I am who I am, and I've done the best that I could with what I've been given. So, let's talk about my psychology.

Well, I'm very emotional. I feel through everything. and uh and then feeling through it thinking through it all the time um doing that you develop both empathy and sympathy for everybody and uh and you see hardships and you see bad things in the world and and it makes me sad it makes me really sad i feel for every individual out there but the world doesn't really care about people like me and they'll put me through a lot of pain to even be able to exist and that's done a lot on me emotionally and always needing these emotional meaningful connections and not getting them and sort of being pushed out of society because of my strife for these connections has left me with a lot of issues. And I have a lot of abandonment issues, and I have a lot of rejection issues.

And that's because all throughout my life I've been both abandoned and rejected by so many people. And this hasn't done well for me. And it makes me sad every time. Every time I get really sad. I feel, I really do feel when people leave my life. And usually it's a misunderstanding that could be resolved if they only wanted to talk about it, but we don't like to do that anymore.

So I had to develop coping mechanisms. I wasn't going through all these hardships. I wasn't supported. And I started to get a very low self-esteem. I wasn't liking myself because no one else liked me.

It wasn't that I thought I was a cool person, you know, and I thought I'd be really cool for people, but other people weren't liking who I was. And so then I have to change things and play it up and slowly, but surely people start to like me more and more. But I had to play with things, and there's a lot of methods that I've developed to be receptive that might not necessarily be healthy. and these are exposed quite clearly to her and she points to narcissism and I am I have narcissistic tendencies not necessarily physically but I am a pretty beautiful creature but as far as as mentally and emotionally I do feel that that there's that the people in the world have missed something big and I try to to express this the best I can and unfortunately from what I found with my tweaking of everything that the best method is to to be awesome be super awesome and this combined with all the material that I'm reading in philosophy with existentialism, and following in Nietzsche's footsteps, which preaches, you know, the Superman, how to be the best human that you can possibly be, me learning how to do this, me practicing, me trying my best to be the best human that I can be, I then grow my ego, and I've had some ego battles, I've had a lot of ego battles, I mean, my ego would be, my ego is good considering what I've been through. And I've done some amazing, amazing things in life. And I shouldn't

be alive today from those things. And maybe throughout different, I mean, throughout my courses, you'll be able to hear about some of those things and you'll continue to hear. I mean, i got a lifetime that's full of uh of amazing stories um that are true uh so it's there's a lot behind the face that you're getting here uh so she she noticed that you know i'm a bit arrogant a lot of the most people don't have anything to say and uh and i don't like that i don't like that at all and I try to get them to get to use their brain to think of something to say but this makes me feel better than other people and and I know I shouldn't feel better than anybody I mean I'm a human just like every other human on this planet but but I have to live this life I mean look at the life that I'm living I mean most of last year and a half I've been homeless and uh and uh you know living out of a bag i mean this laptop's on top of a bag right now and i'm in a tent in the middle of the wilderness with the light here explaining to you the darkest corners of our minds of my mind um and i mean i i have to be able to cope with the things that are in front of me not being able to get enough money to support myself um you know striving to be accepted in society and to be able to give my gifts without feeling like I'm taking from it. I mean, it's been a hard process, and I've developed a lot of different coping mechanisms to get through to where I am, which I'm really at an awesome stage of my life right now because of everything that I've done.

um but but through that process then you develop some problems and she's noticing these problems which i i consider good but she's she's scared and i mean i see the problems that she's developed too and this what this course is trying to do is trying to open her heart where her heart's been damaged um but i don't know i don't know uh okay i'm going to explain something else to you that's really hard for me to get off my chest because it won't be received well with the world. But I am entirely open and I'm giving everything. In my psychology, all these problems that are there, that I know that are there and I have to work with them every day, I don't think we should hide those problems. So I'm going to talk about something that's been difficult for me over my life. I struggle with being attracted to innocence.

And I really need to make it firm that I'm not talking about a sexual attraction. And this is the problems with our current society is they don't understand these things. They They think, you know, attraction must mean sexual attraction, and for a man of this age to be attracted to innocence, that's a bad thing. And it's not about a sexual thing. It's an aesthetic thing.

Innocence is so beautiful to me. Purity is beautiful, and I like to look at it, and I like to admire it. But talking about different things like this is something that's not allowed at all in our current society, especially from a man that's my age. So this is something that I've had to put over with her, and I'm not going to start a relationship with any lies.

But this is not anything that, don't make this what it's not, because it's not that I want to have sex with children, it's not that at all, it has never been that, and I would never do anything like that, but I am attracted to innocence, and when I find an innocent girl who is awesome in every way, that's what I'm attracted to. To rock my world, I mean, she's so awesome in every way, and she really could. But I've had to cope with this over, you know, my life. Like this, you know, you see, as a child even, from the ages you know seven or so i started to enjoy the aesthetic aesthetic peel of innocence and anytime i mention artwork or something like that that has that has that innocence in it that i like so much um people people think that's odd and uh and i don't want to get labeled as a pedophile because that couldn't be further from the truth but i i do love children i don't i don't love anything bad. This is a hard topic for me to talk about. I'm sorry I'm fumbling all

over it, but growing up and trying to appreciate good artwork and innocent people that like their innocence has been a hard thing because it gets looked down upon in our current society.

Okay, so I talked about the hard thing. So also she wants protection. She wants to feel secure and she doesn't think that I can do that because I'm constantly playing with the world. I'm doing something random here, then doing something random here, shaking it up, seeing what works and then it doesn't work, try something different, try something different. Look at it from different

angles and try to figure out the best solution without conforming to the confinements of our own structures because that's something big is I look around and I see all these structures and these structures are ultimately causing our suffering. So I try to develop different structures that that don't have these limitations so I mean if we conflict about something instead let's let's think about the whole situation from a different perspective and that's what I've tried to do with her but I mean there's only receptivity is only can only go so far and I've tried to to encourage her to to be that person that that could look examine the psychology of the person that's standing in front of you and and then and then you know talking about it but being tactful how you talk about it and then what you could do to fix that so then you could employ different methods to solve the problems of each other's psychology for the rest of time and that's what I've been really hoping for from her but I'm not she's too scared about it all and plus the lifestyle that I live I'm sure that's pretty scary too and and she's She's scared about me not being able to be reliable for her, and she's scared. Look at the life I live, look at the life I live. She's scared of a wild animal, and I am a wild animal.

And I can't be anything different, but I can be a reliable wild animal that will secure a heart for an entire lifetime. we got to look at our psychology and we look at the love that we give my foot it's dead okay so we got to look at the love that we give and how we give it think and think about these it reflect over the conversations that we have when we were trying to give love but it failed so when I try to give love with my words I mean I back them up with actions and that's another thing that that she says I don't do. She says she sees words, but I have so many actions that I'm backing it up, and every single day, too. It's not a one-off thing. It's every single

day that she's getting these actions, and she's getting big ones, too. But she wants to see that that I'm consistent and and I don't I so often think about dropping things you know oh this isn't how this isn't going how I wanted it so let's drop it and and and you can't do that in a relationship otherwise I'm gonna end up being dumped exactly like where I am I mean we if a relationship has to be progressive but I feel like just cutting off communication and then and then and then coming back and I know it wouldn't be a good idea and and it wouldn't work and but I feel like doing it I mean this comes with suicide I think in extremes and I don't know I mean this is the way I'm built you know my life's terrible okay what am I doing I kill myself oh bad stuff happened when we do kill myself. I mean, there's something wrong there. That's not, that's not a healthy trait. And I

think in these extremes, and I'm able to create beautiful artwork because of this. I mean, this is what you're getting because of these, this way that I think in extremes, but it's not necessarily healthy and I could fine-tune my psychology to to get to avoid these these unhealthy traits and and these unhealthy traits could could like the results so let's say the results of of a of a course you know they could be they They could be fed in other methods, in other ways. So you can get your artistic food, your food for your soul, in different ways to be able to create artwork like this. It's like a drug user, you know, let's say a heroin user.

They know that when they're sticking it in their veins that it's just going to give them this temporary relief. That whole world is something so amazing, so they still stick it in their arm, and they know that they're going to want it again, and then end up doing the same thing. And they know that it's going to cost them money and a lot of problems in their lives, but they still do it.

But what we can do is we can look at other drugs, and I want you to think about this in an allegorical sense. so uh so what's the problem what's the drug that we're going to use to solve the problem so i'm not always talking about a substance here but a method to overcome the problem um so so you got to find that drug but what other drugs are available so you got a heroin user and you say okay you shouldn't use heroin anymore get off of it but we can satisfy that desire at least to some extent in more healthy way so how are we gonna do it well let's look at at pot you know marijuana that's a much better drug okay let's look at LSD that's a much better drug let's look at some of these legal drugs let's look at teas and coffee different herbs you know let's look at the natural world let's look at medicine natural medicine let's let's look at things that could improve our existence and get rid of those problems that were negatively manifest. Same thing with alcohol. I've gone through alcohol problems, but not anymore.

There's no problems, absolutely no problems at all with alcohol. And that's because I learned to get what I needed somewhere else in a better way. And eventually, you might not even need the dependency at all so you can work your way out of dependencies through other types of dependencies to get you to where you need psychologically and that's what we're talking about here is the psychology you know this this crazy dark dark phenomena in our heads that that travels to to negative areas and then manifest itself in our existence from the way that we act and and the way that I act um is having an imprint on the world and it does all throughout my journeys you see a lot of my journeys because uh because I paint on my world and I paint in many ways I paint on my world in my existence when I'm actually existing and I paint on my on the internet you know I'm I'm a painter in so many different ways and uh the world notices this and and thinks me a very interesting person for it and I like doing it I really like doing it and also it acts kind of as a biography for me and not only that it shares a lot of really important information that that could really help us if we only listened and and we do have the years to listen. We just got to make that choice to open those ears up. And then we can start thinking

about a lot of these different subjects in a different light. So, you know, suicide. Let's talk about suicide. Why does suicide happen? And what can we do socially to repair this phenomenon?

Why are people arrogant? And why do people think they're better than other people? What can we do to repair this phenomenon. Why are people unstable and what could we implement to create stability or give them the ability to be able to create stability for themselves? I'm talking

about all dark corners of our human psyche as a collective as well. So let's talk about pedophilia. Let's find out why it happens. Let's find out why people would actually go to the extent of raping a child. Let's find out what emotions it

is that are causing these pedophiles to do horrible things to children and then Then let's find out why they get those desires and what we can do to improve those desires to better, more healthy distribution methods. So let's look at what drugs we can use as a society to help our problems that are found within it. And we can redirect our psychological issues to healthy forms if we only look for these healthy forms. But here we got the internet and we can distribute comprehensive university grade courses over the airways of the fiber networks and reliably have a platform to host an entire university that connects students with teachers.

And then we can learn about these subjects in and out, and then we can develop ways to overcome our human problems. And we can do it with love because instead of saying, oh, you're a criminal or, oh, you're a pedophile or, oh, you got this problem or this problem, you're mentally ill, you know. Instead of labeling all these things, then we can start to understand why these things occur and then we can implement methods to overcome these problems as a collective through community education. oh okay talking a lot talking a lot so let me just rethink oh okay let's talk about or other dark corners of my mind and my love I I'm a very needy person especially emotionally and and this causes me a lot of times to cling on to to things that aren't necessarily healthy and we can see it in my past as well so okay so my ex-wife you know what what do I do is I create co-dependencies you know I I give something entirely to her and and and then forget about it myself and that's not necessarily healthy so I'll create through through this relationship, I'll tend to try and create these codependencies. And that shouldn't happen.

We should be equal autonomous individuals that can stand at our own two feet, but also be the best person for the other person. And we should probably learn all these details both inside and out on both spectrums. And we got two people. When you have two people whose passion and their heart are in the same direction, then each one can share and teach the other person. And you have a lifetime buddy that will constantly help you improve

and to be the best person that you can be. I know a lot of these subjects go in and out. Everything's entangled. Love is entangled in everything. But then we got to look at what

isn't love and how it got there and what we're going to do to change it and and and alter it make it bloom and I hope I hope this this course blooms many hearts out there and I hope we can learn how to be more open with both our hearts and our spirits and our our minds and and be able to open up about these difficult topics and tell really what we experience, I mean we're a certain way for a reason. And if we look at those reasons on why we're a certain way, then we can erect solutions to then fix those problems. And this is what I do with my psychology this is what my time is invested in and has been for quite some time and I do I'm always breeding out bad things but always in breeding out the bad a little bit of that bad slips back in or maybe a little bit of bad from a different place slips in but but in saying this at every single step we become more refined people. And this is the love that I have to share and it's been corrupted through a lot of bad experiences that I've had and I notice these corruptions and I try my best every day to get them out of my heart because I don't want them there.

But it's a process and that's what love is. Love is always a process, so if we can't invest in that process, then we're no good to anybody. But we need to be good to ourselves before we can be good to anybody, and in love we need to expose ourselves for the people that we are because we will suffer the consequences of our actions and if we do not expose ourselves to our lover when we finally get to be with them then that could cause problems because if they don't know who you are before you get to be with them then they might not like what they see and we will all suffer the consequences to our actions so let us be open in all things and let us travel to the dark corners dark corners of our mind body and spirit i hope you enjoyed this lecture stay tuned for another one um we got some schopenhauer readings and i think i'll stick uh something else in there too but i haven't decided that yet and i don't care you'll you'll see it and you'll get to read it but i got a lot of good stuff and I've been just deciding what should go where so have a good read I hope you enjoy them



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



03-What-Is-Love-06-Two-Step-Plan

Two steps forward. One step back. Two steps forward. One step back. Two steps forward. One step back. Two steps forward. One step back. Two steps forward. One step back. Two steps forward. One step back.

Two steps forward, one step back. One step back. Two steps forward, one step back. Two steps forward, one step back. Two steps forward, yay!



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



03-What-Is-Love-07-Lecture-3-Pain-Junkie

Oh, my goodness. What have I done? Well, first, I've screwed myself up for the next few lectures, which were planned, but I've kind of let the cat out of the barrel, or however that euphemism goes, I don't know. I've kind of opened Pandora's box here and I have to go with what is felt.

Thanks Hart for leading me this way last lecture. And it's hard and anytime you have to deal with these difficult subjects it's not going to be easy and we need to look at our own psychology to figure out why these negative traits manifest themselves. And I guess I've really only touched on my psychology so far. And here you were thinking this was going to be a course that just gave you conceptions of love. No, my courses are all felt through. So I can most effectively share with you the

message that I have and my message is always the same but put in different ways but let me go back to this you know so it doesn't things don't come out how I want them and if you know me I'm pretty convinced that I can fairly accurately see the future and I say this because I look at the past and I see the development of the past and then I can make fairly accurate guesses that have time and time come to pass regarding the future and but they don't always my predictions always are pretty spot-on but the only problem is that how they come about and what happens to achieve those predictions and actually the details of those predictions, those are what's off. So my heart and my mind is always in the right place, but I'm striving for immediacy. I'm striving for security. I haven't had that in so long. And as the lecture goes on, you'll hear about that. But I got a lot of problems

with my psychology. I'm a pretty messed up guy. So I'm going to talk about it a little bit. My life is lived on the internet to the most degree and this causes me to have to choose different methods, different ways to convey and paint my life on the internet.

I am only a puppet master. I disassociate and I'm attracted to disassociating with the body and the mind and letting the spirit rule over those and uh... and this has led me into suffering so i hate suffering i hate it so much but but what i do is i look for that suffering and i learn all the details about that suffering and then i make a stupid decision to throw myself into that suffering so i can learn that suffering through experience and then I went from what I learned then I got to play with different ways to to convey this meaning and like a culture jam is where my heart is at to upset the flow of the normal that's around

and so I'm always playing with the extreme so what you might get from me real time might not be what I'm meaning. It definitely is. There's a core, it's a perspective of the meaning and that's why all my lectures are set around perspectives. But I want people to see beyond those perspectives. I know how people come across me. I have statistics for everything

and there's uh quite quite a few people over my life that um that have been influenced through my website and through my works uh and i can see what's popular and what's not and i'm working on all different methods i'm not just working on youtube i'm working on archive.org uh i'm working on a lot of different distribution uh mediums you know gutenberg liberbox i'm i'm all over the place And I'm just trying to fine tune things, you know, if I don't like it, I'll scratch it and then I'll start from a different perspective and build that up, don't like it, scratch it, start from a different perspective and then build that up until I actually start building up something that most effectively conveys that meaning. In my life, what this actually causes a lot of times is people to misinterpret what I'm saying and because we're always so so focused on identifying with that thing and we'll have a reading about that after this lecture but we want we want that and and I can't give that I can only give perspectives people have called me throughout my life ethereal and and I guess I am I'm a bit hazy but But once you stand back and look at the fog, then you can understand how that fog functions. And that's what I try to get people to do. That's why I focus a lot of my studies on misapprehension and misunderstanding, misinterpretation.

So you're getting all these different perspectives. But you're getting it from a broken mind. And this is the way my psychology works. I take something, you know, play around with it. I'll misconvey something and then someone

will get upset and then I'll have to try to explain to them what I really mean. And especially this doesn't work well with, I guess, talking with Maria. She sees my ego and my ego is a big thing, but my ego has had to become that to be receptive. And not only that, is that I am a demigod, I am a superman, I have been blessed with supernatural powers to bring you the content that you are receiving right now.

But my message, which if the core of the message remains misunderstood, then you will never understand why I do those things, and why I say these things, and why I act in these certain ways and that message is that every one of us can be this in our own particular way so I'm not excluding anybody actually quite the contrary I'm trying to include everybody and and this is my way of doing it these courses that you get is my way of trying to help mankind reach enlightenment on all levels but the way that you get them are not necessarily psychologically healthy I mean look around all right here we go I am in the wilderness okay if if the miss snake miss poisonous snake decides to to come come and visit me and share with me their poison there is no one that is going to come to my rescue I mean I don't even have communication methods to to allow me to do that I mean I can send an email if I have battery left on my phone. I don't live in the same world that everybody else lives in. This is my world. Welcome to my world is a very interesting one.

I'm not confined by the 9 to 5 jobs and those sort of things, and I've actually pried myself away from those. Okay, I'll get onto the same topic. We're always talking about the same topic. But what Maria explained to me is that she needs someone humble and she says, you know what you need to do to prove to me that you're my man.

And this gets my ego up, I get arched up over this because I'm thinking, I've spent my life forming me into who I am, I've dedicated the last two and a half years entirely not only searching for my other but also becoming as pure as I could so I could find, so I could be the best person when I find my other and then I think I find my other and it turns out that I'm not good enough for her and that gets my ego arced up I'm like well you know I've done so much work and to be honest I want this journey to finish this is a hard journey I'm ready for it to end but she's right she's she's absolutely right and that's that I'm not I'm not the man that she needs right now and this course is intended as the drug for me to be able to become that man that she needs and she needs a stable man in her life that can offer her security and if I analyze my psychology to figure out exactly why I'm in these situations and this will give me methods to try and overcome these problems and then start the process to fix these problems, then it can change everything.

But we've got to look at the core of the issues and with my psychology say, okay, well, Wendell, why do you choose suffering? Why do you go through these stupid things? why do you put yourself in the situation where you can be homeless? Why do you put yourself in a situation where there's no one around to be able to help you who actually cares about you?

And you putting yourself in these situations make it where people don't want to be around you to care about you because you're doing such odd things. But then at the end of the day, my fruits speak to hearts. And so the suffering that I go through on a day-to-day basis then comes into a receptive format that I can share with people and it does speak to hearts. How am I going to continue on the path that I'm on without throwing myself into suffering?

My name is Wendell NeSmith and I'm addicted to pain. And I'm not addicted to pain for its own sake. I'm addicted to pain to try to remove pain from not only my life but also the environment and the people that I'm around. And the best way to learn how to overcome something is to face it directly and then we can bring out the manifestations, negative manifestations, learn from them, and then become better people as a result.

And that's what I'm doing right now, going through all the particulars of my psychology that makes me crazy, you know, that you've got three courses to prove how crazy I am. And each one, you know, they're not just courses, you've got so many writings, but I strive so hard to be the best person that I can be, and if that isn't enough, then nothing ever will be. And everything within love is always a developmental process. So being stuck in this, or not stuck, being involved in a process with another where you can lead each other to healthy and reciprocated enjoyments, then you can be the best person for each other. But in order to do this, we have to support that other and we have to

really show care and particularity with our actions. And a lot of people say some really hurtful things to me, and I take them very to heart, and I think a lot about them, and even though my ego might strike up at first, they're seated there, and they're there for assessment, and they will get assessed, and a lot of times what you people say is crap but there is a lot of times that you have gold to say as well and i will will find that gold and over time become a better person for you so i like this pain so much i hate this pain so much so i put myself through it what can i do not to do that why do i do that so okay uh what makes me think, you know, okay, I'm going to give my love to this girl and then show her what real love is. Um, very early on in the, in the relationship as well. So, I made that decision and I, because I noticed her heart was, was, was, uh, had some damage done to it and I wanted to heal it. And, uh, and she's so innocent and she's so, um, caring and

loving and but the problem is is that she can't open up and she's scared of she's scared of taking that leap and and who wouldn't be with someone like me I mean I might be able to entertain you day and night through my own pain through the interpretation of the pain that I have come to understand and what we can do to fix it. And then keep on throwing myself into other painful situations like the one I'm in now. And I am a free spirit. And a free spirit is one who lives and walks their own philosophy, lives, breathes, and walks. And I do that.

and uh and what this entire thing is trying to do is this entire course and not just this course all three courses combined i mean there are structures being built here you got uh you got links for so much i'm trying to give so much to everybody um where was i uh with love i don't even know where i am now okay let's just um this is what you get for me doing it by heart let me talk about a different perspective okay so uh what what makes me think i want to commit suicide there's an extreme because i'm working on extremes i'm playing with the world i'm a puppet master i'm i'm pulling the strings on my body to give you a certain presentation and hopefully you will be receptive to that manner of presentation and I will look at your statistics when all the people that watched and liked the videos and all the people that didn't and I will take these to heart and I will re I will manipulate my message in a dynamic approach hoping to improve forever more and I am kind of fake these expressions are I'm putting them on But I'm putting them on with meaning and I'm putting them on with emotion and I'm putting them on to convey a certain message and they're important to me. So by me doing that, I mean, I'm playing with the world is I'm like, I'm a kid, I'm a kid in a playground and I got the playground in my mind and then I look at the outside playground and wow, this is an amazing playground. What can I do with it? You know, when I was young, I had problems.

I mean, it's not until, like, the last maybe seven years or so that I've actually directed towards a healthier form. But when I was young, I was like, okay, I see these strings everywhere. There are strings being played everywhere in this world. What can I do to try to play people?

So, I mean, I had a good heart the whole time. But I would do things that would try to manipulate people into being a certain way or doing a certain thing or somehow acting in the manner that I lined up for them in order for them to do something else that would cause a chain reaction that would get what I ultimately desired. And this was bad. This was bad.

I learned this lesson the hard way.

And it's sad thinking about those times because that makes me feel bad that I would do such things. but then I saw hey wait the puppets aren't the people in this world the puppet is inside and once we learn how to control our heartstrings then we can manipulate our physical mental and spiritual puppet to the entire world to convey something on a deeper level than the superficial interactions that we communicate on a day-to-day basis in this world that sees propaganda day after day and is indoctrinated into the own their own understanding of what society tells them to understand oh you like my rants you like my rants you're gonna keep getting rants from from doing it all by heart but this is what I see and I see this stuff because I live a different life to everybody else and I want to show I mean I'm not going to say your life that you live is a bad life or anything like that I'm not the judge of that you need to be the judge of that but what I do encourage you to do is examine your life truly look at your life look at other people's lives and then reassess what you have come to understand as being appropriate or good and then say well what is true value and that comes from the heart and if you're not showing love from the inside out then you have no love to give. And that's what this course is about, this course is about love and I hope throughout this course we can learn together to give love and I'm not going to say any different. course that I go through I learn a lot so I would do these if nobody watched them and out well for a long time nobody did but progressively more people started to recognize but I I would still continue to do these um one for that that hope that faith that the right eyes will one day see what I have to share and be able to open the door or the door so I can open the doors everywhere else that I am able to do as a finite creature. So I do it for that reason but I also do it for myself and each course

gives me greater understanding on the topics that I deal with because I have to process these topics through my mind and I have to figure out how I'm going to effectively convey what's been on my heart for a long long time in my mind without actually and putting it in a receptive manner and as I do that I see some inconsistencies so then I go okay well what am I going to do to fix these inconsistencies and then we go okay well let's look at our psychology and we're back to that same question again so why Why am I like this? Why do I have these psychological issues? Why am I a pain junkie and what can I do to overcome it? Well I am a product of my experience and I'm not going to claim any different.

I was abandoned a few times by important people in my life and I was rejected by a lot of of people, a lot of people in my life, and throughout my life. Most of these happened from misunderstandings, and not just that I wanted meaningful relationships, and I wasn't happy when people weren't prepared to give and receive meaningful conversation and caring words and this did a lot I mean this is what my emotional needs are and because my emotional needs weren't fulfilled that's why I am where I am and I want to say you know I've had quite a few opportunities to get accommodation and I assess those opportunities from the location that they were in and and and decided against it so I mean I got choice here too and it's working on all ways I mean this rejection that I get and abandonment there's reciprocation it's not like a there was reciprocation reciprocation and then it led up to something that that stopped reciprocation and and that's what it seems that I'm doing to Maria right now but i'll continue my heart my heart's here and i'll continue um so i get i get scared but i mean i don't have any security you know i took the the leap to melbourne without anybody around you know i haven't had people around to even care that i exist and uh and eventually that i have no security there's no security there when and I end up in the wilderness because I can't find good people around that I want to you know reside around or that I have an opportunity to reside around and most of the places that I could afford there would be a lot of hurtful interactions that happen mostly at night I mean, I've experienced these things, I know how they are, and I'm frightened of those. I really am. I just don't want to be around those things.

They really play a part of my psychology. I want us to all love each other, and when we have problems doing that, or when we get aggression into the picture, that can lead downhill, and I don't want to be around for that. So I end up in the peaceful wilderness and spending my life walking and charging my battery at libraries or wherever else I can find and walking and converting my books from text to audio format, listening to books, book after book after book, doing lectures, thinking of different topics that I could do in the courses. Those topics changing from events that occur in my life and then being thrown into a really passionate course.

And then after that, crashing. After I do the course, get all the little bits at the end, you know, crashing. And I mean, I go on cycles. And then I'll be depressed and I'll want to commit suicide, I'll want to kill myself, and I won't be getting the interaction that I desire, and I'll be looking for my next spot that I can go from Canberra, and I don't, this is my psychology.

But the thing is, is that we can't fix some of these problems without the social constructs there to support the resolution of these problems. So I've had to do all this myself. I wasn't supported with any of this. I haven't received a single penny from any of you. I have been

doing all this because I want to share these topics because I find them so important and And I have no ability to see why other people don't also find them important. But at the end of the day, I need to look at what I'm doing wrong. And then I need to make adjustments to guide me towards a more correct manner of thinking and interacting. So even without social constructs, I am still responsible.

All my actions I am responsible for, and I will incur all of the suffering and the pain of my actions for the greatest good. I will admit when I am wrong, and I'm wrong a lot, but when there's something that I really believe in. And this is love. This is what belief is. This is what God is. When we can

put ourselves in that, then we can grow dynamically together. So let's look at our psychologies and think okay how could these two psychologies work together um well good okay so i mean how could you fine-tune these psychologies and get rid of the things that aren't necessarily good okay well you know you work towards that and and so you're always going to get little bits and pieces popping back in but you can get rid of those as time goes on uh and but but the end of the day, you have a more refined product, and you have a product who has support and love that wants and cares, and a big thing that you'll be theming throughout this course is wants to protect. And if we don't want to protect, then we're not loving. When we we have a sense of responsibility towards that which is loved so if we're not stepping up to be the man or woman you know a human human that we were made to be that are we are responsible for from looking how we interact with the world and the ramifications that that has, if we can't step up to be the person who will take responsibility for their own psychology and start creating healthier ways to deal with that, then we'll never be right for anyone.

So even though I want to say that I am the perfect man for that special lady out there in saying that I can never be the perfect man, but I can promise that in each step, in each breath, in each morning that I wake, I will dedicate my time to more accurately reflecting that perfect man that you so need in your life god bless and i hope your uh mental apparatus is uh is holding up after this you'll you'll keep finding out how crazy i am i'm not gonna hide it so



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



03-What-Is-Love-08-Once-Upon-a-Time

Stories and scenarios often show us insight into things that might not effectively be able to be expressed through non-fiction and the confinements of our typical scholarly studies. So, in this video I'm going to be explaining some of the conceptions that I've come across, and mostly in story form, and when it's not in story form, I'll try my best to entertain you to make it more story-like, but I'll start off with Sartre, John Paul Sartre, and all All philosophers have a progressive philosophy, so you get these things throughout their works. But to begin with, we'll start with Sartre, with going through, talking with the other, and you find these walls that we were talking about in some of these other videos, and this creates conflict. So we run into problems within our communication.

other person wants us to be a certain way and and we want the other person to be a certain way so we're both so both parties end up trying to take and give different qualities to make the person who they want them to be and then these might end up successful and some of these might not end up successful but at the end of the day we have those qualities that we like about ourselves that are changing as a result of our lover and and we strive to to take back those those things that were taken from us so we're getting a constant conflict where where each other want want each other to be in a certain way so we need to keep this in mind when we're communicating because a relationship like that, which is pretty much every relationship in the world, we have to be careful with what we take and what we give and what we push on to other people.

And we'll step back into some of Sartre's old works and we look at what is it that makes a human, what drives a human, and he looks at the spirit, his perception of what he's asserting a spirit to be, and that's the directedness that a person has in life. So when you get up from a table after you finish your meal and you walk somewhere else, you are directed from your own life and your own perception, and you have a certain purpose that is causing you to go in a certain direction, and everybody's different, so what drives me is entirely different than what drives everybody else, and I'm not saying there is a good and a bad thing here, although there might be, but there's that drive, and that drive which keeps us breathing keeps us walking and that's our spirit and when we when we try to manipulate other people their their drive is going to fail it's not going to work if we're looking at inconsistencies and things that we we can fix up but but continue to with that drive then that that could work but when you want to train change the actual intentionality of a person then the relationship is doomed for failure or suffering and and that's not what we want so we got to watch out for that so then we get this this leads us on to Nozick and he talks about how we want to own that other and I mean we do we do I I mean, I see it in life. Whenever there's something that I care about, I want to protect it. And then this gives me wanting ownership over that so that I can protect it in the way that I know best.

And we want that ownership, but we want it on their own free will.

So if a magic potion to get the other person to fall in love with us wouldn't make us feel good ultimately, We wouldn't really want that. We want the other person to give themselves entirely to us so we can then give ourselves entirely to them. And that ownership, that wanting other people, and we're going back to Sartre, wanting other people to be ways that they're not, or not yet, can cause a lot of problems. And that leads us on then to Delaney and unconditional love.

And so what is unconditional love? Love without conditions, okay? So how are we to love the people around us? How are we to love our lover?

How are we to love humanity without conditions, without stipulations placed upon them? I mean, if X, Y, and Z occurs, is that no longer a relationship worth pursuing?

How are we going to judge this? And how, if unconditional love is really what's on our hearts, then how are we to manifest that love into our actions with every individual that is in our world? and then we get Uruguay who talks about about you know I guess ownership so we're still talking about the same the same phenomena so we go you know I love something so I love food I love I love shoes I love I love telephones I love whatever you love. We say that we're loving an object. I love pizza. So that pizza is what is

loved, and it's an object-orientated statement. But with people, we can't objectify people like that. If we do, then we're looking at the person as an object. And what Iruguay is saying isn't that we shouldn't say these words, but we should modify our understanding of how these words dysfunction to not objectify people and So instead of she uses the example that we should start thinking I love to you So giving love to someone you can't love to pizza. I hope you enjoyed that

You can't love to pizza you can't love to do anything don't you can love to is another human So when we say I love you our heart should be saying I love to you and this this does not say I love from you because then we're not we're not really seeking unconditional love and if that that's what we're trying to do I mean that's what this course is about I mean if you're not one of those people that are seeking unconditional love then I hope this course will help you help you realize the importance of trying to seek that love and I know we're all on a process and we're all on a journey and and it takes time and it takes a lot of effort to to manifest this love into our actions there is a story that I want to talk about now from Armstrong and this has had a lot of impact in my life over the years and the way the story goes is that over the last really year and a half but the way the story goes is you have two characters you have Sonnen and Gemma and Sonnen's an adventurer and and Gemma is just the typical awesome girl that that you know movies portray but is typical you know is normal and not an adventurer but but Sonnen and Gemma fall in love with each other and in the person that Gemma needs in her life is not an adventurer like he is. But this love thing then gets misconstrued because of our desire for it to work. So we'll end up doing things and saying things that are against our own nature to achieve that. So the way the story goes. Sonnen goes out on his last journey that's going to bring security. And so he's

with Gemma, but he wants to bring security back to Gemma on this last adventure. And in this last adventure, he meets Maria. And Maria ends up taking his heart because Maria is the same, has a similar essence, intentionality that he does and fits with his character much more than he does, than Gemma does. So then he ends up realizing that Gemma isn't the one for him and it was actually always Maria. And this story has a lot of significance because

of the names, and if you know my history, then you'll know these names are significant. And I find meaning in absolutely everything, so there's meaning all around here, but that meaning always evolves and comes to be understood on a better level over time through the events that happen in my life. And I'll end this with a story of a dream I had last night. I had a dream last night. And it was, it kind of represents who I am quite well. It's not

necessarily a good thing. And it does show some errors in my psychology, but I'm going to share it with you despite that because I'm I'm exposing everything but I want us to look at this dream in a metaphorical sense and and try to understand the backings that intentionality that is behind behind this dream so I was at a university and it was a different university the one I haven't been to before, but those of you that know me know that I jump from university to university to university reading thesis after thesis after thesis, trying to find people who are compassionate about the topics they study and want to help the world in the best way they know possible and have the brains to actually do it or give their best attempt to do it, but these people are really hard to find, and I'm looking for people to join me in what I'm doing. I mean, not necessarily exactly what I'm doing, but everybody has their own journey. I'm looking for people that are ready to start theirs. So I'm at

a university. This one's a big one, too, but I come across, you know, just walking along, I come across my brother, and I don't think this is my real brother, but I understand this person to be my brother, very similarly to how I understand all the people of this world to be my siblings, but it felt like it was my brother, like my biological brother, even though it wasn't. But I knew that it was my biological brother, but unfortunately, they didn't know that, But I knew they didn't know that, and it didn't matter too much. It's like they didn't recognize me because of change that life occurs.

So we got to talking about, as we were walking to a certain area, which we'll hear about in a second, we were talking about one of the problems that were happening on campus over the last few weeks. There was a lot of riots and a lot of protests and a lot of people getting hurt. think even a few deaths I mean it's a dream so it's a bit hazy but this was a problem on on the campus and it came from a misunderstanding and I knew this misunderstanding very well but people don't listen I mean there's very few people who listen to my words I tend to get people that listen to my words you know pop up all around the world but it's only very few compared to the people that actually watch my works but there's so many people that will watch one part of my works and then judge all of my works based off that and I see that and that's okay I mean I'm not looking for those people I'm looking for the gems but I hope to touch the hearts of those people as as I go through my journey and you'll you'll hear about that more as the course goes on because there's a lot of hurtful people out there and and they make it known that they don't like me and Maria says that uh says that I think that people don't like me and I think about I mean I have evidence everywhere so um I live in reality I think I live in reality more than most people live in reality um but I don't understand reality to be uh the way most people understand it to be. And that's what confuses so many people. But that brings me on

back to the story. So there was this riot that was going on in this like one spot. And my brother said, you know, you seem like a person that could handle such things and resolve the problems. Why don't we go over there now? I mean, we're headed in that direction. Why don't we go over

there now and let's see what you can do. And I go, okay, okay, we'll do that. So we walked over there and there was a whole bunch of people in like, you know, like a mosh pit type thing. And they were thrashing the crap out of each other and hurtful. And there was two sides and you could

hardly see, you could hardly notice who was on what side. And I'm pretty sure that people on the other side we're hurting people from their own side and things like that but uh so I I look at the situation I assess it and I go okay well what am I going to do um also those of you not know me know that I am a martial artist and I disconnect myself from uh my physical and mental to reach that spiritual level that can just do anything and not even consider all of the things that are happening to my physical self, physiology. So what I can do is confuse people, and once I confuse them, then we can step back and we can talk this situation out. but in an event like that how are we going to accomplish this how are we going to shake it up and confuse people to for them to step back because they're all rioting they're all going crazy so I'm like okay well they think this is crazy I will show them crazy and and I went in there and I want to say the fights from normal people and fights from me is entirely different because my spirit's in that fight, and that's the only thing that's fighting.

Everything else is just a part of the synthesis. So I didn't want to hurt people too bad or whatever. I just wanted to confuse them. So there was a few targets that were the primary ones causing these problems.

So I went there and struck them in the cranium, in different parts of the cranium, not too hard not to like you know kill them or anything but to to knock them to the ground or to get them to the point of disorientation so they can step back and and they they're forced to step back and then look at what it is that that we're talking about so so i jump in there and all these big guys you know uh strike their craniums um some fall to the ground some back up and the whole crowd starts to back up because I'm not I'm not aiming for the whole crowd I'm aiming for these certain points that will have a chain reaction for the entire crowd so then the crowd ends up doing doing like a circle around or similar it wasn't really circle it's more like a half circle you know like that backing up looking at what's going on looking at these people who were their leaders. And then these leaders, I help them up, help them get orientated again, bring them back to their people, and then we start talking logically about these subjects. And then we talked it out. And we all walked away with a better university, with a better world, the more loving and caring world and and this is what I do and this is what I do with my work this is what I do with everything I everything that you give me I I try to knock you on your cranium to disorientate you so that you can step back in and reassess the situation and what is the situation what is it that we are talking about. That's what we got to learn. And once we can do that, then we can learn

to love and care about each other without being so involved in the topics that we're talking about. And in doing that, we become entirely involved in the topics, but we do it in a loving and caring way. And then we can resolve our issues with understanding what these issues are without any bias and discrimination. Let's open up all topics and be able to discuss them in everyday conversation. That's my stories. I hope you enjoyed.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



03-What-Is-Love-09-Lecture-4-The-Other-Self

My love, your love, our love. If you've been noticing, this course has been evolving. And that's to attempt to show you that love is ever evolving. And my love is ever evolving.

And my love is trying to reflect on what love really is. And I guess that's the whole thing. I speak the truth, but not with a capital T. but I point to that truth with the capital T and this is something that God's blessed with me with from studying for my life in different methods different ways I mean we can study through a lot of different ways and I've been learning about everything that I come across my entire life everything that I can I'm one finite being I'm but but I've been trying my best and so we started out with myself and I'm going to talk about myself a little bit more I I know I've been talking about myself a lot, but I'm quite an interesting person, and the philosophy that I have is, it comes from myself and my own experiences, and if you stand back and listen to what I have to say, then maybe you yourself could bring insight into your own love, and I'm not pushing on you any love of a certain kind.

I'm just trying to explore different aspects of what love could be. But as far as myself, treatment and respect, how people treat me has been a big thing in my life. People haven't treated me well, and I've misunderstood a lot of things in my life. I haven't gotten respect for anything that I've done.

and this has an effect on me and I get sad from it people will be cruel and just this morning someone commented on one of my videos about love with swear words telling me how crappy my videos were and telling me that I shouldn't label it under sociology and things like this hurt me what makes a philosopher? We've got love of wisdom. What makes a sociologist? We've got someone who studies society. What makes a theologist? We've got someone who studies theories of God. What

makes a psychologist? We've got someone who studies how the psychology works. And I do all these things yet some people a lot of people have problems saying that I am one of those and I'm actually many many things and people understand this when they step back and look at my message and what I'm doing but if people which most of people come across me through one video and when people say okay this one video is this person and that's everything they have to say then I'll get a lot of cruelty to me and and I guess I get cruelty to me too because I throw throw things out there in an interesting manner that is a bit in your face and people don't like that but but I've tried other methods without doing that and it's not near as receptive so I use what what works and people see differences in me. I'm a very different person than a lot of people. The choices

that I make are very different from what has been socially indoctrinated into most people. The life I live is not the life of everybody else. And that causes me to be different than everybody. And people don't like difference.

People are scared of difference. And Maria says that people aren't, that's That's my own imagination that people are scared of me and that people don't like me and stuff like that. But I have proof. I mean, I have my life.

I'm the one that lives my life. I know my life. And I think that the reality that I exist in is more accurate reality than most people. And I work very hard to try to help people enter the real reality, you know, get out of the matrix, the get out of Plato's cave, and that's what I do, but people don't like this and people are very cruel over it, and over my lifetime I've had a lot of cruel comments and very, very few positive comments.

The positive ones usually come from someone that comes along and looks at my work and then continues to look at my work and then emails me and says, you know, you're pretty cool uh and then we chat and then um and uh and i help people i do help people um i'm sorry i can't help everybody but you know slowly but surely as i grow i will be able to help more people and uh and i hope in that process that people also help me because i'm not without faults

and ultimately what i want is acceptance i want to be accepted by people and and being different and living a different life doesn't do me well with being accepted by people because people don't like that. This is the philosophy department at the ANU, the Australian National University, which is one of the top ten, I think it's one of the top ten, I don't know that for sure, in the world. I've been told. And it's the top for philosophy, and it's the top one in Australia.

So I talked to a lot of different people, a lot of interesting people, and I was talking to this one philosopher, and for me to get interaction with a philosopher that actually has the emotions to connect with the material that I'm talking about is really good for me and I really, really like it. And he was probing about my life and then, wow, Diogenes, all these different aesthetics and sages of our life, I'm following in the footsteps of, and Buddhism, and different understandings of how to live a good life, and he goes, you know, virtue ethics is coming back, and virtue ethics is, you know, a lot of the past, you know, with Socrates and Aristotle and Plato and I mean the line goes on but but we've you know gone out of that and we've we've been directed towards emotionally disconnecting ourselves from from the topics that that we're dealing with and he goes and he goes you know virtue ethics is coming back and that's exactly what you're doing and I go it's not coming back I'm bringing it back is it I'm bringing it back so and it really never went away it was just um it was just sleeping it was like punk punk's not dead it's just gone to bed and uh that's what you know we we got to stop all this crap that's going on in our world and how are we going to do that how's one person going to do that and through all these one people doing that then how are we going to do it as a whole uh so i'm finished talking about me for the time being and I guess I can never really be finished talking about me because I integrate in everything I do in my life so it's it's always about me to for for one reason or another and it will always be like that for everybody so don't don't run from that that's that's who you are as far as the other, so from ourselves to the other, then we talk about, we're looking at how communication works. And we got their own struggles and how people treated them and the coping mechanisms that they themselves have developed to be able to get beyond their problems and interestingly enough, or paradoxically enough, ended up creating problems of their own. And then we have all these, you know, barriers and reservations that are built up. And we must communicate

to get over these barriers and reservations. But what happens so often is one of those barriers or reservations will do too much, it's too much, I don't want that in my life. And that's the deal breaker. And then we're saying, okay, well, there's that one thing.

So instead of looking at the perspective from a different angle or trying to find out the core issue just because the way two people that presented their conversations through their communication, they run into each other and because they're unable to look around the world, because they're stuck in one spot in the world, then that's it and people make their decisions. And that's not necessarily good. I mean, is that love? Is that the love that this course has been pushing towards?

You've got to make these decisions for yourself. I'm not going to tell you what love is. For when we define love in one certain way, that's when we get acts of cruelty. That's when we get massacres.

That's when we get people treating other people less than human. so each person has their own personality and they had their needs that that might lack from their personality you know their personality is a certain way and it's that way for a reason and what needs are there and I'm not saying people go without needs I have a lot of needs that aren't fulfilled every day and I'm not talking about physical needs because I've like I've pried myself away from that, but I'm talking about emotional and intellectual needs, and they go unfulfilled all the time. But what we need, so the other person, what they need, and then looking at those two needs and then coming together and being able to exist, being able to fulfill each person. So we're trying to do that, or at least, I mean, maybe we're not consciously trying to do that, but that's what we are trying to do in any type of relationship, especially a romantic one.

And then our ability to be able to fulfill those needs. So let's look at those needs, and am I the person that can fulfill those needs?

Well, that's where you need to keep on having these conversations. Keep on trying to look at it from different angles and find out whether the other person is someone that can fulfill those needs.

And the ability to enjoy each other, that's important. You need to like that other person, and you need to really like them. You need to be infatuated with them, and not just a one-time infatuation. You need a lifelong infatuation.

If you want to have a good life, you really need that lifelong infatuation. You need that passion, you need that care, that love, and you need to feel like you want to protect what it is.

And from that, you can develop, or no, actually, so as we're doing this, we need to look at, you know, compatibility. So we got physical compatibility, we got emotional compatibility, we have intellectual compatibility, and we have spiritual compatibility. So we've got to be assessing these things as we're talking and we're learning each other because we should get all these things right if we're going to throw ourselves in to the last relationship that we will ever be in. Otherwise, it probably won't end up being the last relationship.

So, I mean, through all this, we're trying to get the other person to open up and share with them and connect with them with their own passions and their compassion and their concerns and their cares and what they worry about, what they think about, what they love, what they don't love. And we need to be able to open up in all, otherwise we're going to have these repressed spots that will ultimately either destroy a relationship or evolve into love. So at the end of the day, you need dedication, and this is a big problem, and we can see it all around. There's so many people in our world that say, no, you can't do it, you can't be the man, then you're gone, or you can't be the woman, then you're gone, or I'm just using you, you know.

I see it all the time, and it makes me sad, it makes me really sad that people just tend to use people for certain needs, not all their needs, there's just certain needs, and it's like a light switch, you know, I'll turn the light off and walk out of the door, and this doesn't create healthy relationships whatsoever. We need each other's loyalty, and I'm not just talking about as far as sexual relationships go, and I do, you need each other's loyalty as far as not being frightened that they're going to go sleep with someone else, I mean you should be the one fulfilling all their needs anyway, but I'm talking about loyalty within everything. You need someone to stand beside you and walk that battle with you. want to join teams and do what you both do best for the rest of your life. So you need

to be loyal to each other and you need to have each other's admiration. So you need to respect who the other person is, what they do. The person that they made themselves into from a lifetime of experiences, trials and errors, and dedication, who they are, if you want to love them, then you need to admire that. And you need to admire their past, their present, and their future. Otherwise, you're going to cause problems within the relationship.

And if we're not getting these things, if we're not getting these things, or we're not able to evolve and develop these things, then the relationship really is not worth pursuing because you're going to end up suffering. And I'm not talking about suffering to overcome suffering. I'm talking about suffering for the sake of suffering. You're going to end up in a situation that you're going to stay in unless someone leaves. And then you're

going to end up back in the same situation when you went to begin with. So, I mean, what's true value? And I ask that question a lot because it means a lot to me, that question, is true value. So all this with each inclined for self-development, so each wants to become a better person, not only for themselves, but for that other, for the world, for God, for love, to become a better person from a holistic perspective, not just saying this, but, you know, everything, then we can constantly improve for that other.

And if we have problems fulfilling certain needs, then we can work towards those needs. I mean, as long as those don't conflict with the person that you are, then you're not going to have too many problems to evolve into what the other person needs.

Like we were talking about in the other video with conflict, As long as you're not suppressing who that person is at their core, then it's all developmental. So, I mean, this is what love is. It's ever-changing, ever-loving, ever-caring.

And at the end of the day, we need to develop conflict resolution methods. So we're going to need to learn how to talk out our problems. We're going to have to learn to look at things from different angles. We're going to have to learn to put ourselves in the shoes of not only our other and not only our friends, but every human being, every potential, every possible human being on this planet.

But when we're talking about a romantic relationship, then we're going to go to the core. and uh and that core is is ourselves and uh how we can become better for that other um and this is how the flower blooms um i'm describing to you uh life or how i understand life uh and this is this is every day we're talking about love we're talking about every second every single second is what is important. And if we're missing that, then we're missing life. There's something in front of us. And how you're going to love what's in front of you is the ultimate question of all

time. So in doing this, we grow together. So both flowers can bloom side by side and be as beautiful to the world as possible, and when their time together is done, then the flowers can then fall off and go back into the whole of nature and then be decomposed and then come up eventually again as new flowers. And what are we going to do with these flowers?

Well, we have to cherish them. We have to cherish all the seconds that are given to each, to us, to cherish the seconds that are given to us to cherish what we love in this life. And we should cherish these beautiful flowers for when you cut a beautiful flower off or when you pick a beautiful flower or destroy a beautiful flower. There's nothing more than most of you do to me.

You're not encouraging for the best case scenario. I mean, I have a lifetime of courses that I could be providing you, but instead you guys want to be mean to me, and that's not the best solution. I mean, I could be giving you content for the rest of my life for free, and if we work together then we can best help me help you. And I want to help you help me as well.

I mean, we're all interacting. Love is all entangled. And when we cherish something, then we want to protect it. And we want to protect it with everything we have.

We want to be everything that is needed. And to finish this lecture, I want to talk about my situation with love right now. I think we're coming to a point that she's starting to realize that I'm not the man that she wants. And I think her stipulations as to what she wants in a man have led her astray from me.

And I think she's forgetting what she needs in a man. because what you want in another and what you need are two completely different things and I'm what the whole world needs and I'm not going to to say I don't have problems because I do have a lot of problems but uh but I give my heart and everything to the world and and I follow my God I follow my heart I I follow my friends and help everybody that I can because I love humanity and I wish to protect it with all my life and that is what I am doing because I see the innocence that is at the core of humanity and this innocence that I love so much, I want to protect it because we are at the core innocent creatures and we spend our life putting blackness into our hearts and when we get to the point where we can look at this blackness in its entirety and learn how to breed it out then we can develop as a species and this is my love to give to you. This is what's tattooed up on my chest and I hope you saw it well and you might notice that there's dead skin on there now and and that's what happens in every journey is once we once we commit to something and once we throw ourselves in for improvement and and once we're ready to take the necessary steps to become better people then we're going to to to see the dead skin it's going to show itself and we're going to be worried that uh that the dead skin is actually a bad thing but uh this dead skin is just part of the process and it's part of the process of love so when you have a heart there that's red and there's blackness in it then um then slowly but surely when we direct ourselves right we can we can push that blackness out of our skin and it will end up as dead skin and and then once it heals you got a strong heart on your hands



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



03-What-Is-Love-10-The-Serpent

The serpent comes to you in your most shameful of hours and your ego.

That person has just said something that goes against what you believe in yourself.

What will you do? How will you respond? I tell you, defend yourself. Defend your honor Make known who you are So that none shall ever make you feel bad about yourself Do not let people walk all over you Be the man that you know that you are This morning, Maria quoted my wise teacher Socrates The only thing that I know is that I know nothing, and I know this to be true, and I preach it every day, but can I apply this wisdom to my life?

Maria sees that I struggle with this, but I will forever work to achieve my greatest good.

World, I am your servant. I will try my best to be a faithful, loyal, and dedicated one. I am no better than you, but what I would like to do is take your hand and be equals together.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



03-What-Is-Love-11-Lecture-5-Love-Is-Free

my god my god what are you doing with me this course has really been freaking me out man uh i'm changing and uh i'm kind of scared of the future i've been through so much already uh in this course and uh i'm scared what it's going to bring i'm not able to plan out a single lecture because everything I say the lecture before and then the events that happen in my life to get me to do the next lecture change absolutely everything within the content of the lectures. And the lectures leading my heart bring out topics that are not necessarily comfortable for me at all. But I've been slapped in the face. The tattoo artist who imprinted upon my heart agape, which is God's love or love of humanity, he said to me, if it starts to itch, if it starts to have any problems, then you can tap it. But don't scratch it,

don't scratch it and from this it will get your heart beating correctly again so I'm tapping it I'm tapping it everything I'm going through is bringing out a lot of bad qualities about me and and I'm really looking into these bad qualities and thinking very carefully about them and how I really am and and things aren't so good with me but I'm changing that and and this course is really helping me do it I guess I'll start off with my situation with Maria and that is that all these things she's been saying to me I've been really thinking about and has to do with the ego the ego and we're gonna be talking a lot about that shortly but then I get defensive and about myself which I'll also be sharing with you why and and then I'll be trying to think of ways that I can overcome this this problem but we'll start off with I guess what What annoys me? Because once I can talk openly about what annoys me, then I can figure out why it annoys me, and then I can try to fix the core of those issues instead of prancing around the problem. I don't like band-aid solutions, and as far as these issues have gone, most of my life has been band-aid solutions. So let's get to the core of the issues.

I don't like it when you people, and see I say you people, there's another problem. Why do I divide myself from people? Because I am just like you, and I'll talk about that in a second. But when people are hurtful to me without justification, or people are very critical of me without giving me direction, logical direction, when people are very cruel and just want to hurt for the sake of hurting, when people say that I'm not a philosopher or I'm not a sociologist, I get arced up.

Because I'm thinking, you know, I'm in the field, and I'm studying these things both theoretically and practically, and then creating interpretations of how I think that we can solve these problems.

I am a philosopher, and I am a sociologist, and I will claim these titles. titles, and I have a lot of other aspects about me within other fields, but I don't feel confident enough to claim any of those titles, but I still do, I'm a learner of everything that I find important, and that's what I do is philosophy is the love of wisdom, and sociology is the study of society, and I combine these things to try to figure out how to bring out wisdom within society. But why am I defensive about this? Why do I care what people think when I'm doing what I think is best, what I think is right? And I'm not hurting anybody

doing it. So why does this bother me so much? We're getting to my ego. And then we go to, I really kind of do think I'm better than other people, and I don't know why, because what I preach isn't that, and I can't, I'm a hypocrite, that's all I am, at least in some aspects of what I say because I understand better than most that how people are a product of their experience. And I have been given the opportunities to overcome a lot of these

problems through my experience and my choices within those experiences. But everybody in this world hasn't been given the same opportunities that I have been. And there's psychological makeup is like that for a reason and I understand this and everybody doesn't have the capabilities that I do and I understand this but some reason I still feel better than people and I guess this is because people are cruel to me a lot and when you're cruel to me my coping mechanism is to is to play myself up so I can I can feel better about what I'm doing and I shouldn't do this I shouldn't do this at all and I'm so sorry for doing this I know I've been doing this um and I'm going to do everything I can to fix these issues this starts my journey into being a humble man and it's going to going to be a process so maria has uh has made it clear that she doesn't want to uh be with me and uh so i'm i'm half i have to i've been you know trying to figure out how i'm going to respond to this um she says she'll still be my friend uh but i made these videos like she the things that she pointed out to me um i made them for her uh or at least you know a lot for her i mean all of humanity and for me um i'm trying to see this whole course i've been trying to push to open the flower um so i'm trying to go from the inside out i'm trying to show how love functions um and the course hasn't been allowing me to really do that from everything that i have to keep going back to myself oh back to myself try to go out to other people back to myself try to go out to other people to humanity like your friends and then your loved ones and your family and i gotta fix some of these things because i've made some choices that my ego has screwed me up with and it's going to be a process it's going to be a long process so all of these things that are going through my mind you know the unconditional love all these things I'm studying all these things I'm reviewing some of my actions aren't where they need to be uh and and i can see this within within me and maria so after i i decided that she was an awesome person that i would love to spend the rest of my life with uh then i started to cling i started to go i want i want i want and and you can see this within my life uh you know i'm very for immediacy I'm very keen on immediacy, and that's because I've been learning how to live in the present. But I guess this is a stage that you do, that you have to get through to get that ego out, to get that wanting out.

So I wanted a commitment. I wanted a relationship. I wanted her love reciprocated. And unconditional love doesn't do that.

I mean, all these things I've been studying, some of these things are like reciprocity, reciprocity, reciprocity. but we can't have reciprocity if if we can't love unconditionally so i decided to back off entirely um with maria i'm going to try to be her friend um see i was expecting her like all the issues she discussed she keeps saying you don't want to discuss these issues you don't want to discuss these issues, but I'm discussing them in my course, which I wanted her to watch, and she doesn't want to watch them. Or it's not a course that she is keen on, at least at this moment. But why am I wanting her to watch this so bad? Why shouldn't I just communicate

with her directly about these topics. I mean I thought that a video might be more personal but in the end of the day if it's not only for that one person then how is it any more personal? I mean this is with my family too. When I started doing things like this I wanted them to be a part of my life so I would share with them these videos and it wasn't for that one person it was kind of for everybody and they weren't interested in watching it uh because of this reason why am i wanting these people to watch my videos i mean what and why am i wanting a relationship um a committed relationship uh with someone without forgetting that the person the amazing person that they are um why am i trying to cling on to these things why can't i just enjoy that person for everything they have to give me, whether it's only a little bit or a lot, and everything that they want to give me, they want to freely choose to give me, and I can make all of my intentions open and honest and clear, and love unconditionally without any expectations of that other person. And ultimately this would lead me to finding the

right person who would be best for my heart. This whole course, I was trying to bloom the hearts of humanity i was trying to bloom the heart of maria and at the end of the day i ended up

starting the process to bloom my own heart and uh and this is what's taken importance over it so if if you can tell we're starting to get into the everything but we have to go within before we can go with outside so i got a lot of problems with this clinging and and i want to cling to these titles of philosopher and sociologist and why am i caring about those things i mean i'm doing what is i think is right um i want i want to cling to security i mean i don't have security because i'm homeless and uh and i don't have many good friends around that I can talk with about these subjects. So I have to find security within myself before I can give anyone else security. And that doesn't necessarily mean I need a home to find security, but what that does mean is that I need to repair my heart. My heart's been broken and hurt a lot and in order to protect my heart so I can protect other hearts, be it friends, family or you know that special someone or even all of humanity before I am good to anyone else, I have to first be good to myself.

How am I going to be good to myself? am I going to create the best possible experience for not only right now but the future and that's to fix my problems and I have a big problem with this ego and the topics that I study don't really help that, at the end of the day they do but they make you feel powerful. They make you feel really powerful, but with power comes responsibility. And if I can't learn to put that power into practice responsibly, then I will never be good to anyone. I will not

be good for you i will not be good for for the people around me i'm and i won't be good for myself so i need to really examine my problems and then figure out methods to overcome them and i've been doing this for a long time but but this course is putting it all out there this course is something amazing. This course is something amazing. And I will never forget it. I will never ever forget it. The lessons that I'm learning in this course have been more significant

to my life than any other course. And it's changing the way I see the world. It's changing everything about my existence because I'm starting to really learn who it is that I am and I'm not just taking the things that I like and and I'm really I'm really going I'm really diving all in there so I've had lots of ego battles in the past I mean my last birthday was spent in a mental institution I know I know these systems very well because I have learned them theoretically and practically. And then I try to teach them and people aren't receptive of them.

And that's because I'm trying to pry their hearts open with a crowbar. And even though this might get initial attention, which is what I strive for so much, that immediacy, the long run it is ultimately ineffective I mean it might help some people but I'm not just trying to help some people I'm trying to help as many people as possible so in order for me to do that I need to fix my heart and I need to fix my I need to fix my ego I need to learn how to become a humble man. So where am I going to go from here? I really don't know. Anything could happen. I could say

something right now that is going to change everything about what I'm doing. And I guess that is love. Love is all entangled in everything that we interact with. And if we can learn to interact in loving ways and get rid of those nasty things, those nasty manifestations that cause our suffering and other people's suffering, then we can live happier together and within ourselves and then as a whole humanity. Okay, what other things bother me?

Um, it bothers me when someone gives me, or immediately it bothers me when someone is very critical of me and not appreciative of what I've done so far. And, uh, but this is only right when I see it, you know, maybe a day after or something. But when, but I think about these things again and again and then I take them to heart. um but because i've spent so long you know trying to be a good person and then when i'm not recognized for being that then um then i arc up uh and that's not good uh why do i care it's we're going back to the same issues again um and and this is causing me my ego to inflate and i have to keep on pushing it back in, but I need to pop it. So hopefully that's what this course

is heading towards. And even though this all started out trying to win a heart, it's turning into repairing my own. And I'm going to give this course all I have so that I can repair my heart so that when I find that special someone, then I can be the best for them and love them in the best way that I know possible. And together, we can do the same for all of human existence.

I guess I do want to talk a little bit about my life journey and what's in the future. I mean, okay, look at your actions, and I'm not saying you're the one doing it, but a lot of people were very cruel to me without logical critiques or anything. We just got people being cruel for the sake of being cruel and mean, and we got to think about this on the ramifications of our actions doing this. One, I am the only teacher that I'm aware of that does things like this, and I've given you three courses so far that are very good courses that are free to the entire world.

I'm going to continue to breathe, at least I think I'm going to continue to breathe, And though in me continuing to breathe means I continue to exist and my direction is set. And this means that I'm going to continue to do things like I do now and bring you more content and bring you more of my insight that I've found. I'm going to continue to live a life dedicated towards philosophy, towards virtue, towards practical wisdom, you can't see it because of the light, oh well, practical wisdom, and towards agape, I mean this is my life, so by you being hurtful, all you're going to do is discourage people that aren't as strong as me to not do the same thing, say that's not worth doing because people aren't nice to you. So ultimately, you're hurting yourself because if you don't like my courses, that's one thing, but maybe you would like someone else's courses who had insight that you're interested in, but because you're mean to me means that you can no longer get those courses because you're enabling a problem that is harming evolution.

So I got an online university and I might be the only teacher there and most teachers professors find me very interesting and but are too scared to make the leap into something new like this and even professors you know I've had people that wanted to get on board but then decided not to because it was too new and they just wanted to see how it goes but I mean this is happening this is happening this is my life I got a lot of years left and I'm doing all of this with free of charge and I'm trying to set up the structures so that teachers would be attracted to providing content like this in a receptive manner that will help them deal with their own issues as well as bringing to the table of the world those issues in relation to humanity and then we can all share and get over our problems together so as the flower called my heart blooms, the flower called your heart too can bloom. And this is my direction, this is my purpose, this is my calling and I'm going to continue to do it. have you're going to have three courses shortly three complete courses you have this so right now you have two and a half but and you're going to keep on getting courses and these are comprehensive university grade courses that really try their best to dive into these subjects so how you react to to me who is the the archetype for the future teacher is going to have a ramification as to the more the teachers that will offer this so you're shooting yourself in the foot by being mean to me but in saying this I need to learn how to be okay with this um because my ego's there and uh and i i put everything into this i put everything into giving you this content every day of my life um i put everything into learning this content so i can share it with you uh every day of my life uh so it does i mean when you when you spit on someone's life that that does make them feel bad but do it if you will that because it's ultimately helping me become a better person and and I got to learn how to how to care about you when your words are so hurtful to me I have to learn how to love you even if you don't want to love me. And that's what I'm learning right now. See, now I don't even know where to go because, but I got a lot in my head

right now. Um, there's, this has been such an amazing journey, amazing and frightening journey, uh, into my psychology. Um, and I hope you are enjoying it. Uh, I, I hope you enjoy my suffering, but I do promise you that this suffering is not for itself. It has a

reason. It has a purpose, and all of our suffering in our lives has a purpose if we can only learn to look at it in the right way. So that's what I'm trying to do throughout my courses, is look at it in the right way, and I really hope that through my attempts and my becoming that that I can also help you become so the remainder of this course isn't going to isn't going to focus on winning a heart it's going to be focused on focusing on repairing one so I hope you've enjoyed



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



03-What-Is-Love-12-1-Corinthians-13

How unlike me to preach St. Paul, 1 Corinthians 13, if I speak in the tongues of men or angels, but do not have love, I am only resounding a gong or a clanging cymbal. If I have the gift of prophecy and can fathom all mysteries and all knowledge, and if I have faith that I can move mountains but do not have love, I am nothing. If I give all I possess to the poor and give over my body to hardship that I might boast but do not have love, I gain nothing. Love is patient. Love is kind. It does not envy.

It does not boast. It is not proud. It does not dishonor others. It is not self-seeking.

It is not easily angered. It keeps no record of wrongs. Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth. It always protects, always trusts, always hopes, always perseveres.

love never fails but where there are prophecies they will cease where there are tongues they will be stilled where there is knowledge it will pass away for we know in part and we prophesy in part but when completeness comes what is in part disappears when I was a child I talked like a child I thought like a child I reasoned like a child but when I became a man I put the ways of childhood behind me for now we see only a reflection as in a mirror then we shall see face to face. Now I know in part, then I shall know fully, even as I am fully known. And now these three remain, faith, hope, and love. But the greatest of these is love.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



03-What-Is-Love-13-Lecture-6-Your-Friend-Wendell

that is my mountain right there okay so today we're on friendship and uh what makes a friendship how are we to be a friend how are we to treat our fellow humans how are we to interact in our day-to-day lives uh how are we to find the best people that we can be happiest with are around and and what from us can help us find these people that doesn't base life around coincidence because we don't live in the movies and and things don't just happen to the opportunities don't just pop up everywhere so we got to look at that some very strange things have been happening to me as you can see and and each lecture between each lecture there's so many life lessons that I've I'm learning and it's being assessed in my actual life so you're getting these videos but what's going on in the background of these videos is a lot so So, I mean, I guess I'll tell you a little bit about how things are going for me.

Okay, so I guess I'll start, since this whole thing was brought about, this whole course was brought about by Maria, I'll talk about Maria.

She's not reciprocating, at least not very much at all. So, I have to learn how to reel my heart back in from across the world. And that's what I'm doing. That's what I'm doing right now.

And that's what this course is doing. This course is turned from outside to within to help me most effectively convey what I perceive love to be.

And it wasn't really intended to happen like it has, but it has. So let's see where it goes. But still at each step, I don't know what's going to happen. I'm really confused about it all, and I still got a fair bit to go, so let's just see.

But when we love, then we get that sense of wanting to protect, and that causes our clinging, and we want to have this person. We want that person to be a part of our lives and be a part of our environment. So we'll try to push that person if they're not comfortable doing this.

And that won't get you the best results. And we can see this with what happened to me. I tried to push for it and then I failed. but uh in saying this you know i i still want to be friends with her and i want to uh learn her and and uh i mean she's a very interesting person and i would be happy uh if we continue to friendship uh and that's what love needs to do is love needs to learn to let go and when you let go then all you can do is hope that that they'll want the other will want your protection and as a result hang around you more so if we allow others to freely choose the the protection that they want and we look at our own ways that we have to protect if are it the ways that we are protecting are the ways that they need to be protected then hopefully that some chemistry will start happening and and the relationship will start to evolve so for me my life has been very interesting I've been reviewing all of this material trying to figure out which readings to put where, and these readings are very significant, so I do hope that you're enjoying the pieces of artwork that they are. They're timeless material, and we should enjoy

other poets, and philosophers are poets, so let's remember that. And these are good readings, these are made to be going with the material that I'm speaking about so we can learn to perspectives even though it might not be agreeing or saying the same thing that I'm saying it's a it's a perspective and we need to learn how to look at these perspectives and consider them so I'm looking at all of this material and I'm starting to realize that in trying to combine this material my own understandings of the material and then I'm starting to realize that some of the ways that I have tried to apply them to my life haven't been right. So I've been wrong about some things that are important but I never picked up on it because well one I mean I'm doing all this myself so doing it yourself you don't have very many people that are error correcting. So that is a problem and uh and sorry about this son oh let's see if i can go somewhere else

so i try to figure out uh myself i try to error correct myself and i do that a lot through my courses and through my material and uh and i'll figure out problems through this and then i'll be able to correct the errors with how i practically applied them and also i mean I couldn't do it before because I didn't understand the material enough for it to be receptive to me. So even though I have a lot of different things, different understandings, even though all of my journeys have brought me a lot of understandings,

some of the understandings that came along with that weren't entirely understood. good. So as I go back and look at these things, I kind of get slapped in the face and realize that I need to change some of my ways. So I've been looking at all of love and now we're on a lecture about friendship. So how are we to be a good friend? And I've been thinking

about this and how I've been applying it in my life or not applying it correctly and I've been thinking about all the problems within friendships that I've had over my past which I've had quite a few and I mean it's difficult for me to find a good friend especially one that will stick around. So I've been trying to figure out how to no longer care whether they stick around, but just be the best that I can be, offer all that I can offer and don't expect anything from anyone and slowly but surely, or not even slowly but surely because I've understood these, I just couldn't, it never clicked, there was no synthesis. So this course is allowing so many things to just click and people will notice. So just Just today, this morning, for the first time in my journeys, you know I'm homeless and I've been homeless for quite some time, but this morning I was offered a place to stay with a good guy, a room with a good guy, and I get my own room for a very affordable price.

This is what I've been looking for the whole time. I didn't want crisis accommodation, didn't want accommodation where I didn't know the people. I wanted nice accommodation. I don't care about material things.

The environment is what is important to me and I don't want to be around any areas that might affect me negatively. This is an option for me now. I can stop being homeless and I'm carefully considering this option and I'll probably take it. And then it will get me established to be more respected by you people.

Sorry, you people, I don't mean you people, but a lot of you say this guy's homeless, he's not worth listening to, but look, I'm following in the footsteps of ascetics from throughout our time. Just because I study the issues and actually live through them doesn't make my voice any less valid. Okay, so friends, again, friendships. So, throughout the last few days, though, I've been really trying in my life to be that friend that I I think is the best friend and this has been received well and I've been hanging out with people and good people, you know, relaxed, calm people and having more meaningful conversations than I think I've ever had, not always about philosophy but a lot of important subjects in life. And I can't limit myself to only philosophy. That's not the world that everybody

lives in and I need to function within that world. I mean, you're getting a lot of philosophy now because this is a, I'm a philosophy teacher teaching online, but there's a lot of different subjects in our human existence that we can talk about and, you know, be friendly, be nice to each other and that's what I've been doing and there's been a few times that I've had trials. I was coming short of what I was aiming for over the last few days and I had to figure out how I was going to solve those problems and that's through making up for it in some way. And so if you fail to be the friend that you want to be, then you need to show that in your actions that this was unintentional and you want to be that good friend. And I've had to do some of those actions over the last few days, which has been really

interesting. And I've been being received better. And I'm always being received better because I'm always playing up with different things and I'm always learning how to be more receptive, learning how to speak better, learning how to think better, learning how to be more understood and learning how to talk better, playing with my rhetoric, learning how to convey meaning better. So through this process then people get attracted to me and the people that get attracted to me are the people that want the support that I have to give, want the support and the love and the care that I have to give.

So I'm no longer asking anything from anyone, but just being the best that my heart is allowing me to be at this particular moment. Love is always developing so I hope as time goes on the more that I develop the more love I have to share with you. So we become a magnet doing this and a magnet to obtain the life that we want to obtain with the right people. I have been so liberated in my journeys so if I'm going to be going back into the home life all around australia i have spots that i know about uh super duper spots like awesome spots where i can just go and and uh relax you know and i'm cool in the wilderness and and it's absolutely beautiful i mean i said my holidays uh or can be cheap i don't need much money don't need much anything uh and and i don't have to worry about a home so much because if something happens then uh it doesn't matter and and i can i know how to live now on on pretty much nothing so so this journey has made it where where i'm able to do that and i can now get integrated back into society so my voice speaks louder uh and and explain these topics that i've learned in my journeys, and that's what I'm going to be doing. I'm going to be really trying my

best to get in with you guys, to become part of the systems, but it's an unusual part that is playing a certain function to help humanity in the way that I think we should be helped. And then maybe you'll start listening to my words a little bit more. So once we are able to let go, this opens up possibilities everywhere. And I look at my past with women and I haven't been able to do this.

If I have romantic attraction to someone, then I go for the gold, but I never get that gold because I scare away people. In order to attract the right people, I shouldn't have any attachments to them. I might actually be a little bit bold and say that we should be this way even when we're in the relationship. So you love the other, I'm talking about romantic relationships, so you love the other and you care about them so much, we need to let each other be who we are, and to the best of our ability in a healthy manner, and hopefully by us being the best we can be, that we'll secure that person for an entire lifetime.

time, but we need to start out with a friendship, and this is where I've screwed up. And we need to look at reciprocity. I mean, so many of the works that I've read, and what got some of my understandings before this course, because they've been evolving, there was so much about reciprocity, and instead If there's no reciprocity, then it's not worth doing. In my past, I'm not getting reciprocity or as much reciprocity as I want, so I just move on.

But that's not necessarily the way to go, and I want to explain to you some of my thoughts about the subject, and that is to use reciprocity as a scale. When you're interacting, look at how they communicate back to you and how much they communicate depending on how you communicated and how their reactions are to your communication. Then decide whether it's worth pursuing or not because if they're not enjoying the gifts that you have to give, then don't push those gifts on them. So your love needs to come from yourself and then others that are attracted to that will naturally come to you.

So just because you think you fit with someone else doesn't mean that they think that they fit with you. And if you try to jam these puzzle pieces together, then it's not going to make for a good relationship. Another thing we need to think about, we'll talk more about friendship shortly, but we'll get into a romantic relationship. We find someone and then we start being a friend with them.

As far as we were saying with reciprocity, it doesn't necessarily mean that one side has to communicate more than the other or the same amount or anything like that, but you need to look at their reactions. And then when both parties are comfortable with each other and it should become obvious, I would think, that you're meant for each other. And maybe that's where I went wrong, you know, giving my love. But I still don't think I'm wrong. I'm going to give my love to everybody. I won't give my body. My body is one person's,

but I'm going to give my mind and my spirit to everybody. I got a lot of love to give and I'm going to do my best for the rest of my life to give that. And this is what we need to learn within friendships is we need to learn how to be a student. So from those interactions that we had with people, so not just romantic relationships, but people that are involved in your life, then we need to look at how they reacted to us. We might have

screwed up, but we can look at those lessons, and if they will choose to have us in their lives, then we can continue to learn lessons. So to be a good friend, we need to learn how to be a good student so everybody's our teacher and if we just learn to see everybody as our teacher then we can gain a better respect for everybody and even people that aren't that smart there's something you can learn so so utilize this to learn how they react to you why they react to you in that way way, and then the people that you're attracted to, the types of people that you're attracted to, so you like a certain type of person, and I'm not saying stereotypes or anything, I'm talking about the image that you have or that you want, because that's your most passionate desires in life, that you can look at how those people, sorry, you can look at what those people want in a person. So you know, this person wants this, this, and this, and do I fit that criterion? So no, then does this criterion go against who I am as a person?

then why can't you fulfill that criterion? So let's now check the boxes that aren't checked already. Let's go through and develop a plan to work for ourselves to become the type of person that the type of person that we like, that we're attracted to, likes. And I mean this is going to be more difficult for some people than others, especially people that are very different than people like me. But in saying that, there's so many qualities that I have to give that my eccentricities

don't really matter if it's the right person. And I hope to find a person who likes my eccentricities. I hope to find one who thinks they're cool. And I want to see theirs. I hope to find a

person that has some interesting ones too and I'm gonna I'm gonna treasure those so we can be the we who are we are we being someone against ourselves by doing this no I mean as long as it doesn't as we talked about intentionality with SART and phenomenology you know is it going against ourselves our directedness to the world if it's not then then why can't we take these traits I mean, we have a whole life to spend doing something and how important is the other person that you're trying to get, whoever this person is, and is that worth you altering yourself to become the person that those type of people attract? So we're looking at it in a lot of different angles here, and I'm not saying that it's any one thing. And this whole course, even though I might say love is this and love is that or whatever, love, I can't define love. And I would never be able to define love, but what I can do is point to the definition. And that's all really anybody can do. So people

that say they have the ultimate truth, the people that say they have a truth with a capital tea you got to be careful about what they're saying so friendships how are we to be a good friend and and when we're a good friend then we're going to get the friends that we require that are around us are eventually to come to us but i really must say that this is a long process at least for me, because the people that I need aren't necessarily normal people. So to find these people, you're going to have to put in a lot of work. But you can't just find these people to, you can't just track them down. I mean, I've been trying to do that for such a long time now.

What you need to do is work on your heart, get your heart right, and once you get your heart to be the kind of heart that not only you love, but also the kind of girls or guys you want to attract, then those things will happen in time. And I've got to say this, time, time, time. Time is the test. The test of time will tell all.

So don't push things. I mean, we've got to look at things in a bigger perspective. And I say this, and this is something I struggle with, so I'm preaching something to you that I struggle with. And I will continue to struggle with it, because when I think that that's the one, And then I'm going to be throwing myself into it.

But I've got to be careful because I've got to look at the long-term effects of the actions that I take. And even the Maria, if you remember the story that I told in a previous dramatization, if you can call it that, storytelling thing. I talked about Sonnen, Gemma, and Maria, and even though Sonnen moved on to Maria, Maria for me might be another Gemma, and I might still be looking for my Maria. So I guess I'll further explain this, but we've talked about it, so it's not new if you've been taking the course. But so Sonnen creates this ideal of what he thinks he needs

or what he thinks he wants or what he thinks this girl can offer. And then he idealizes his life around that, around that being what he can offer. And so he's going against his own intentionality. And we got to be careful with that because when we find self-improvement, you know, gain traits that will attract your other, but at the end of the day, you can't change traits that are at your core. And at our core is innocence. So we need to work

back to that innocence, then to grow that innocence and push out all the darkness that's around us. There's no one person that is bad in this world. If we all look to our hearts and look at the core of our hearts, then we can work from the inside out. Every single individual, no matter what you've done in life. And I say that and I think of horrible

things that people could have done in life and it makes me sad. But I'm going to say it, no matter what you've done in life, then you still have the possibility to get back to your innocence. You still have the possibility to make your heart the best it can be and become the best that you can be. We have a chance every single second. You can take that

chance whenever whenever you so desire and it's a process it's a long process and and we're not going to see the reactions to our actions very quickly it's going to take a lot of time because people people will look at your character and and that's what people do with me especially when they so at first First people might be judgmental of me but then they look at my past and what I've done in my past and what I've given and then they look at the progression and how I came about to bringing you this and then they'll step back and they'll go, okay, never mind, I should be careful before I make quick judgments. And that's something we need to think about as a friend. So being a friend, we need to be careful not to make quick judgments because when we make quick judgments or when there's something that goes on and we're not comfortable with it or whatever, then we'll tend to drop people and then move on to the next person. And this isn't necessarily good because there's so many opportunities that we could have had with this person, even as a friend, and we're throwing that away because of a conversation where we lack the ability to look around the issues and come at them and tackle them from different perspectives.

So let me think, what else do I have to say? This has been a very interesting thing for me the last few days and it seems that every lecture gives me tests before the lecture to really think these subjects over and not just tests but results and this doesn't usually happen, I mean everything is usually a long process but I guess once you're pushing out of that cocoon, cracking out of that egg, Being reborn, as the Phoenix you are, when that's happening then everything else in your life happens and if we work on ourselves first and work out to other people without trying to hold attachments to those people then we work ourselves from the inside out and eventually we can get to the entire world and this gives us the best possible life because in time We will get the right people that can serve our needs in the best manner possible. And we're not asking them to do this. We're hoping that they will do this because they want to.

And why do they want to? It's because you have developed your own heart to be so giving. And they'll want to because of the work that you've done and the love that you have to give. so we can all share the love that we have to give.

Okay, so I think I forgot things, because I've had a lot of things going through my head. But that's all I'll say for this lecture. As far as the readings, we got some Aristotle, some more Aristotle. And we got a Nietzsche one.

And I tell you, with Nietzsche, be careful with him. um he's i i don't think he always says what he means but he's putting putting a something out there and it has meaning it has it has meaning so don't discredit any of that we've been we've been listening to uh to bullfinch's mythology uh which is a wonderful book and and if you if you read it i mean there's a liberbox version so you can get the entire audiobook for free But if you read it, I want to warn you that it's something to study. There's a lot of different people and gods, and I mean, a lot of different things to learn, a lot of background conditions to learn to be able to link all of it together. But I'm giving you some pretty good works, beautiful works.

So I do hope you appreciate the quality of some of these works, and I know you've been receiving mine too. And I hope you appreciate that quality, too. But if you don't, I don't care. I think it's quality.

But I can only be the judge for myself. I can't be the judge for anyone else. So if you don't think I'm a good philosopher, then that's okay. But I'm going to keep doing what I'm doing.

And I'm going to encourage you to do what you think is best, too. But I'm going to encourage you to look at what it is that you think is best. and think about what it is that you think is best and then make an accurate or I say accurate but maybe just a good decision about what you think is best so that's my role and if you don't listen to me and you don't watch my lectures or whatever then that's okay people will and people are and they're only growing I am going to get bigger and bigger and bigger and there's another thing I got to worry about, my ego. I guess we'll talk a little bit about the ego because there's a few things that I wanted to speak about with it, but I got to be careful with my ego and I'm going to have to be careful about this with the rest of my life. It's going to be a battle with the ego and I talked to you

before I said you know last year on my birthday I was in a mental institution I then I talked to you about ego battles and and I was in that mental institution because on my birthday if I didn't kill my ego if I didn't get rid of my ego then I was going to kill myself or at least attempt to kill myself and look at the outcome by jumping off a cliff and aiming for a tree and I've done stuff like this before, but the cliff that I was planning on, if I missed the tree, I wouldn't be coming back. And then I ended up turning myself in. I've been in two mental institutions, psychiatric wards, whatever you want to call it, politically correct. It's all the same thing. It's incarceration, and they treat you terribly. And I've been in

those because I've been suicidal. And the first time I was in one of those, I was diagnosed with schizophrenia and they didn't listen to me whatsoever. And the second one, they didn't listen to me whatsoever, but I had a plan. And this is all on my course, My Reflected death. And I had a plan to overcome the systems, but I was studying them very, very carefully

while I did that. And this was for the second time, so I knew the general practices. And I cleared my health entirely there because of how I did that. So apparently I'm not mentally ill at all. I have a clean bill of health and I hope this makes you notice my work more

to say that's not a crazy guy. But at the end of the day you're getting all this information I think you should judge whether I'm crazy or not. I don't think you should let the public health system or our current conception of health tell you whether you're crazy or not. I think you need to be the one to decide that, and I don't know, I don't know if I'm crazy, I know that I don't think like most people, but that's okay, and these parts, these negative manifestations that come out of me, I'm looking at, and I'm trying my best to fix them, and some will be harder than the others, and my ego I will struggle with, because I have to I had to figure out how to be entertaining, how to construe my voice in the most effective manner possible.

I had to figure out how to be able to talk well and consistently and I haven't always been able to do this. What I'm doing now, I wouldn't be able to do a year and a half ago and I've had to train my voice. My voice wasn't always a good voice and I played around with it a lot. You might say I have this accent or that accent or this accent but I have my own accent and And I created this accent with thought.

So I'm the creator, I told you before, I'm the puppet master and I'm the puppet master of my own heart. And this is very true in so many aspects of my life. So the things I'm telling you, please do take them into consideration. And learn how to be a good friend because friends are everything and before you have a romantic relationship, you should start upon solid foundations and really connect with them as a friend.

So as you're talking and as you're getting to know each other, don't cling on to it. And I know I'm saying something that I haven't done, but I'm saying that because I understand all too well not to do it because I've done it a lot. Instead, think about the awesome person you're talking to, the life that they lived and who they are as a person and don't think, hey, this could be this or this could be that but allow things to evolve and develop as they do. So don't hold yourself back because of that.

I don't know if I believe in love at first sight, and I'm not sure how I would react to something like that, and I'm not sure how I'd react if I met a girl who was entirely awesome in every way and reciprocal. You know, I don't know how I'd react with that over two weeks. I mean, even over two weeks, I would start to get some strong feelings about this person. But I need to remember, I need to remember and I need to keep focused that this person is a friend and each and every person that I come in contact with in my life is a friend.

And I need to be a good friend and if I'm a good friend then there's a much better chance that they're going to continue to sit next to me and continue to talk to me and continue to be to want to be around me and and when I'm when I when I get this right then the girls that I like will will come to me because the what I have to offer and the security and protection and love and care and particularity and and intelligence and emotions, everything that I have to offer, physical as well, and I would be able to offer a lot, I mean, I would be able to offer a very good physical life, and I'll talk about that next lecture, and it's probably not how you think, because I mean, most of the things we think in normal society that are right or wrong aren't necessarily right or wrong, we've just been conditioned because they've been like that for so long. And we'll get into that next lecture, because next lecture we're going to be talking about sex. So however any romantic relationships develop, make sure you keep that core as a friendship. And if you do that, then you'll thank me for this advice if you turn into lovers.

Because when your lover is your best friend forever, then that changes the entire relationship. And instead of just having a short term infatuation, you can achieve true love.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



03-What-Is-Love-14-What-You-See-Is-What-You-Get

This is my body it is a very toned body despite it being lean and If you're going to make fun of it for being lean then you don't really know what a healthy body is and And yes, I do fast often and and yes, that helps me and I am happy with that But this body is strong and it does every single thing that it needs to do to perform the function that I perform and to live the lifestyle that I need to live. So this is what is on the market and I can promise you that every step of the way I'm going to make it as strong as it needs to be or stronger to perform the function that it's going to be thrown into and it is always going to be the healthiest that I can I can possibly get it to. So this is it. What you see is what you get.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



03-What-Is-Love-15-Lecture-7-Making-Love

Oh, my goodness. I don't even want to do this lecture, but I'm going to do it anyway. Every lecture, crazy stuff happens, so that gets me rethinking a lot of things, and this has happened. so I'm going to be trying to cover it but last lecture I did say that I was going to speak of sex and I guess I'll start the lecture with that I do want to say there's a lot of different conceptions of sex and there's a lot of good stuff to interesting stuff to learn about so I mean there's Freud there's Schopenhauer there's Kant there's a lot of different perspectives so you should look those up even Plato has his say on women and I guess he in a way was the first feminist but not entirely but still it's it's it's information that's very thoughtful and I guess what I'm going to be presenting is is what I've come to understand from my own experience and reflecting on the material that I've read over the years and this is going to be hard for me I mean I wasn't I knew I was going to have to do a lecture like this but but I didn't want to because I'm not comfortable with this topic I have a lot of ideals about it but I don't have much experience at least in a healthy relationship so it's going I mean what I'm saying I have not practically applied but when I find that someone I'm going to do everything I can to practically apply that so I hope I'm not wasting your time by not being sexually experienced but I prefer not to make a list of women I want the next woman that sleep with to be the woman that I'm with forever. I really do treasure my body and I want to

give it to the right person. So a lot of these things I'm learning by this course, by doing this course, is making me think about how I'm going to find that right one. But I guess I'll start out with when you fall in love, and I'm going to take this on from a love perspective. I'm not going to take it on any other way. I don't think it's right to have

sex out of love. Love is making love, and I guess there is a difference between having sex and making love, and I'm not for having sex. I'm for making love, and that is every time so so to have sex outside of love is not something I support but so so everything I'm going to be speaking of is going to be assuming or asserting or however you want to look at it that this is within love but you have your partner there and and both of you have sexual needs or desires maybe I say propensities And we'll talk about that a little bit. But things we like, things that really make us feel good, things that make us feel satisfied. People are different. Everybody's different. And no matter who you're with, you're going to have someone that likes things that aren't necessarily normal.

and uh and that's okay uh and and if they don't like anything that's not necessarily normal then they're probably lying uh or it's probably seated deep down somewhere i mean there's perspensities towards a lot of different things uh so so the set having sex um and then this was talked about a little bit in the symposium but but you have your lover there and then you emotionally connect you connect on all levels like sex is the final result of love for a perfect divine love and that's what i search for i search for that every day and a lot of people have forgotten that and just settle and that doesn't sit well with me um so so think about it though we're talking about from the outside in and expression and representation and all that so if you have two lovers that that love each other in every manner possible um physical mental and spiritual and and you connect through emotions to to initiate sex and then I guess foreplay whatever the person likes and then you carry out that beautiful act then you are combining two of the like into one and you are connecting them as close as possible and then this does something beautiful that we still don't really even understand even though we say we do reproductions like this is all a divine experience and if we've stopped to think of it like that then then then we're going to lose the the core meanings of love and I do support contraception and that but because it's really liberated women but it's also made sex a lot a lot more meaningless and and that doesn't it well with me um but i will talk about a different perspective now um we'll talk about you know when you're in the sexual relationship uh what sort of what sort of uh methods should you use to please each other and my whole understanding on the subject is that we should please the other to the best of our ability um and train so if the other like something that we're not good at or whatever then we keep going for it until we we get good at it we keep the communication open at all times and and find out what each other's like likes and then we can please each other to the best and we can this can be evolving I mean love is ever developing so we can we can learn ways ways to please each other in in the best way possible I mean this could be sex could be so wonderful if we just dropped our ego about it and tried to uh tried to really be there for the other with what we have and uh so so we but but in saying that when you're the actions that you should do in sex shouldn't be mimicking evil so if there's evil in the actions then you shouldn't do it um and i'm just there's a lot of different things and i guess everybody has to make the decision themselves themselves but but things like you know playing out a rape scenario that's not cool um that's not that's that's evil and why would you want to reenact evil uh also things like uh helpers or whatever you know um like sex toys and stuff like that we have all the equipment to perfectly uh satisfy that other and um we should be making use of that equipment to its fullest. With Kierkegaard anxiety, with objective anxiety and that, I mean, these are mirrored all around philosophy, when we get an object and we lose perspective, when an object can satisfy our sexual desires, then, I mean, two things. Is the other person then considered an object, or is the other person considered less significant? These sex toys, even though they might be good and we might have wild sex with them or whatever, they're ultimately not helping relationships because we're turning our fixation from the other, the beautiful amazing other, and we're putting it into an item, an object.

So I would say stay away from this and I want to say everything in my courses are my understandings and I'm not going to push these understandings on you but I am going to say my piece and I think what I have to say is important. We were talking about propensities and I want to get into different things that people like and there is one thing, you know, when you have a propensity towards something, so an inclination uh towards something that might not be normal normal um it's it's not usually it's unless you got someone else that is into that sort of thing it's not really accepted in society um which isn't necessarily a good thing because uh i mean we have we have our whole selves to give And then when we taboo stuff that might not necessarily be bad, then we're shooting ourselves in the foot. And we start to think, oh, I would only do this. I would only do this.

I mean, you're trying to please your partner. So please your partner to the best of your ability. I'll quickly, since I'm telling everything about myself in this course, all the good and all the bad. Probably not all the good.

Probably all the bad. Just all the bad. You get all the bad in this course. But I have a propensity towards anal sex with a female.

I think it's a beautiful... I mean, there's a beautiful private part, and it's right near another beautiful private part. And I don't like to exclude things. And this is a difficult topic with potential candidates, you know.

And I have to go through this topic. and it's not like i'll force that it's not like if they don't want that and they really don't want to please me um in that way then i'll deal with it but and if they and if they really have problems with it and they can try to turn my fixation to something else they can try to find out what how i'm really wired and then maybe i'll i won't care about that sort of thing um i mean we have these disabilities, so we're never stuck in one situation, and then Provence, I'm going to be bold, I'm going to be so bold, and I'm going to throw out a pretty controversial article for you, and this is Bentham, Jeremy Bentham, so we'll have that one, and we'll have some Aquinas too, but this goes on to male-to-male relationships and the evils that we have come to know, and not just that, boys, and I'm not talking about really young boys or anything, a pedastry, something like that, and it talks a little bit about propensities and inclinations, and whether they really should be considered as a bad thing, and I'm going to throw something out there about propensity, and that is if someone has a negative propensity towards something that necessarily isn't ethical, isn't necessarily ethical, then they would have thought about these subjects for quite some time. And people say you can judge someone by, you know, what their propensities are, what their inclination is. If someone says I like that, then you can judge them for that. And that's not the case because let's say

you have someone who likes children. They're going to be thinking about that all the time and they're going to to know the laws behind that and they're going to understand all too well the ramifications of their actions and it's also likely that they have done some research in into the ethical sphere of doing those actions so I am going to say that it's not necessarily I'm going to assert, that it's not necessarily, it wouldn't necessarily be more common for someone who idealized children than someone who didn't, but then was thrown into the situation and had to make a choice, because they wouldn't have had all this past experience on whether it's right or wrong. So, we can't, we're only judged by our actions, and the Bible talks about this. It's not what goes into a man, but it's what comes out of a man.

So we all deal with our own hardships in our head. And the actions that we take as a result of those hardships is what really matters.

There's probably more on sex. I mean, even the Freudian stuff is really interesting about how we're culturally inframed into a certain perspective. and we get repressed because the way our family acts towards us, particularly our parents, and we get repressed sexual urges, and then we react in certain ways as a result of that repression. So, and this causes us to want to debase each other, and we have different forms of destroying each other, sadism and masochism, there's a lot of things that we should worry about in this fear, and we should really think it out and talk it out, so we can understand what we're dealing with here. There's a lot of things that can go wrong with sex and we need to

understand some of these things so we can make better decisions. And I'm not going to tell you what decision to make, but I am going to say that you should do some research and get some thoughts of your own. Don't just listen to me. I mean, most of what I say is probably crap, but I'm teaching you how to think. And that's what all my courses are doing. I'll stop talking about sex now.

But I guess I'll talk about the courses and people that say I'm not a scholar or whatever, they don't understand the message that I'm giving and the ideal that I'm trying to portray. and yeah if what most of my videos are experiences and and interpretations of those experiences and things like that not scholarly work but but look again I'm I'm teaching you how to think right here and I'm teaching you how to think in a more correct manner I might not be like all those other teachers and I do things differently but I am still a teacher and this gets me into my ego again and crap there's been a lot that's been happening um i've had a few intense discussions with maria and man she's been tearing me a new one uh all on my case about everything like everything that i've strived for in my life for virtue and excellence you know um and trying to practically apply them and and loving in the best manner known possible and trying to free education trying to uh and doing all this for you for free and and even it's for me too but it's for me i mean i'm doing the whole inside out me the people around me and then then the world you know i'm teaching you how you can work through your own problems and also share share uh your solutions you know with the world that's what i'm doing right now i'm working straight through my problems and uh and i'm teaching how to do this and how we can start thinking about things so so maybe i'm not a philosopher or whatever but i am a teacher of thought and correct thinking or a more correct thinking because i can never be a capital correct uh and and i've been getting so so uh thrashed by her she's just she's vicious um like everything about me uh my ego okay yeah she hates that she hates that i'm a bit arrogant and and i'm really trying to fix it i'm doing everything i can you see like these courses i have coping mechanisms and uh and when i started to become an online teacher uh there wasn't many people that were receptive but i found that the more people the The more, you know, I acted and talked up myself and was confident, the more viewers I was getting. And I care about this cause so much that I'm homeless right now and put almost all the money that I do get into this cause. And I live on barely anything because I'm so passionate about this cause actually coming to pass.

So I'm really sticking my neck out there. And, I mean, I'm not hurting anyone. and and i give everything to this and and then i'm not appreciated for it so i gotta and that doesn't make me feel good so i find ways to one be more receptive and also feel better about myself and uh and then my ego comes in so this whole this whole course this i mean this whole course is like all of this work um has developed in into how i am and i've developed how i am from society's reaction to what i have to give to the world um and i'm working out of it now it was uh it had its use um it served its function to get me beyond some problems and and i've done that but and now i need to work it out i'm trying to do that and i'll tell you what um with this what I'm doing with Maria is all a part of my philosophy which isn't that nice to say to someone and I'm doing everything open and honestly with her so that was a bit of a hard thing to get over to say that you know and Maria we are just being friends right now and and she doesn't even like me I don't think like even as a friend she's she's uncomfortable with me because she thinks I'm fake and I don't know am I fake I mean I I do play around with expression a lot and I manipulate my puppet called Wendell quite a lot and by doing that I people react differently to me and then I can keep on playing around with this puppet until i get the responses that i want um i'm not trying to play people like i said in another lecture a long time ago i did that for a little while and learned my lesson hard uh but i'm playing myself and and i i have myself to play i mean it's i was given myself and uh and i gave myself to god then and uh but god still gives me choice every second and i have to learn what i'm going to do with that choice so and that's what i've been doing and to be honest you'll never stop learning um every second i'm i'm learning more and more uh so so this causes you know her seeing this how i play strings um causes her to be uncomfortable and and i do this outside of myself to not people but but structures like open source university is a see I'm trying to be in an archetype human I created an archetype university I'm an archetype teacher I am trying to create structures that are organic and and don't aren't confined by the current limits of society and uh and it's a very good reflection of who i am and what i've done with my life um so but but she she's she doesn't like that and i'm inauthentic um in her eyes uh but then you go what what is authenticity and uh and not just that what is reality because she says i don't live in reality and i've been studying reality for a long time and uh and i guess i don't i don't know if i don't know what reality is um i mean reality could be god and god is love so reality could be love i i don't know uh there's a lot of different conceptions of love we have plato's cave the matrix uh not love the conceptions of of reality there's there's there's so like how we perceive the world every philosopher is looking at this and trying to attempt to come up with some type of solution or another uh so uh why am i doing what i'm doing is it really so bad um yeah i have a few problems with my ego and um i mean and she even said to the point that I'm not following or I'm not I haven't given myself to God and I need God in my life and and I that's what I spend my days doing I pray and I meditate and I learn and I love and I care and I help people um what's so wrong with my life I might be a little egotistical and and I know it um and I'm a bit fake but and how am I being fake if I if I act to you something that I find meaningful I mean it's coming from the heart whether whether the expressions used are real or not so how am I really being fake by putting on a show for you to try and convey some meaning that I found extremely important you know we don't we don't know what reality is we don't know what God is and we don't know what love is uh but the thing is is that the more we search for it the more we try to come to know it the more it becomes known to us and we get closer to god we get better people we get we become better people we get closer to love and and i guess we get closer to reality but we can never be there if you remember the symposium um it and diatoma uh we're only uh we're only somewhere in between and we can never be at any any uh any extreme um i mean if if i was wise then i wouldn't desire wisdom so i mean i'm not wise even though a lot of people tell me that i am, and I do tell them this when they call me wise, but I am a seeker of wisdom, and I like to think what I have to say is important, and can be very useful if we only learn how to step back and look at the whole, because if you haven't noticed, there is a big philosophy here developing and this is an odd time too because the three courses make a complete philosophy. They constitute a complete philosophy and now my ego is coming in because it's like you know look there and yes there's problems within it. My work isn't flawless but it will

never be flawless but it will always refine so what you're getting from me today will be different from what you get from me a year from now I mean imagine what material I could be bringing you in 30 years and if we work together to work these systems out then we can we can have a free education system um we we can have a better society and um and and we can have more freedom we can have more freedom with all we do we can take the our restraints off from the government and we can do our courses in any way that we please and that's what i do and i mean why have i i not pursued um the university path it wasn't because I wasn't smart enough uh it was because I I would be limited why haven't I um done my master's or my uh honors or anything like that I mean it's why am I not going to do that latter uh and I could I could do that latter and I'm still not going to say I'm never going to do that latter but but it's not what makes a person the person makes a person there the person and and I've made myself through a long process of intellectual journeys but most people relate intellectual journeys with with school there there are certain way of teaching their structures and and and it's very impersonal and they don't care about you I care about you I would like you to to email me if you have any questions about these this or if you'd like to talk to me about this if enough of you email me wanting to talk about these subjects then I can start linking you guys up so you can talk to each other about them we only touched on inauthentic in authenticity I can't even say authenticity and what really makes an authentic person and these are subjects that me and Maria were talking about and I mean we are getting quite deep into conversation because no we no longer care about a romantic relationship which I guess is good because it's opened up some things but but to be honest I think I'm a bit scared of her now but because she spit on my life, and that doesn't feel good, but to be honest, I'm going to listen to her, and I'm going to do what I can. I'm going to think about what she's saying quite a lot, and then anything that has validity, which is a lot of it actually, at least some validity but but i mean she she doesn't know my philosophy or anything um so she's she's speaking out of turn in a lot of uh cases but i mean she's she's working with what what she's decided to work with i mean she she has the option to work with a lot more um but that's her decision too and i i i won't force anything upon her and that's i feel bad because i kind of did i mean i didn't say yeah you have to do it but I mean I was I was like you know you should do this you should do this and I was a bit nagging about it um but but now I don't think we have any potential whatsoever but I would like her as a friend and like I said before um when I admitted to her that everything that I'm doing is part of my philosophy it is um and if you know the background you'll be able to fill in all these details because I am looking for the best people for my own particular psychology that that can help me and not just that opportunities that I can help them too so Maria has a lot of things that she struggles in and and and I would be very equipped to be able to help her in those areas and and yes I have a lot of things that I struggle in and she would be very equipped to help me in those areas and we could form a friendship if we just opened up and and talked you know and and gave advice and and I'm all about care and particularity but being tactful with how how you I guess teach someone and and she's not like that at all she's she's pretty brutal and I guess I have to learn to to live with that uh because she's she's the first person in my life that has actually been reciprocal to this understanding about are somewhat reciprocal about about getting over your problems which from my perspective is retraining your own psychology uh towards healthy forms of mental distribution uh and that's what i do and i mean you've heard that a few times but there's themes going on in this course uh and and ultimately i don't think she likes what i do uh with my psychology i think she thinks uh i think she thinks it's bad she doesn't like manipulation and she doesn't like a puppet master and that's what i am um and she said i wasn't even a master at it but but that's okay uh i have a puppet and i play it um and if i suck at it i'm sorry but I tried my best what else is there um this has been crazy and I say that every lecture but I really I really do mean it and and I got a lifetime ahead of me ahead of me and I'm open about changing all of these things that are negative about me and I mean really open I've been seeking people to do this with um and eventually I will find those right people by being the person that those right people need. And eventually they will help me work on my psychology and I will return the favor. And this can be friends or more.

You know, it's not limited. We got the whole world here. There's a lot of people. And I've been really applying this to friendships, especially lately.

I mean, I always have, but especially lately I've been really trying to be particular with it because, I mean, I do have a past of problems within relationships. So as long as someone is not, I mean, I won't communicate in an unhealthy manner. And there's been a few times that I've had to back away from Maria because I'm not going to put my psychology through trauma just because the person doesn't know how how to be careful with what they say and not just that a lot of what people say is uh is inaccurate but but they said it so so there's ego problems going on both sides i mean egos are fighting and uh and even though she she says she doesn't have one And she has probably just as big as one as I do, except it may not be as expressed. But inside her it is.

And I don't know how much longer we're going to be talking. I mean, I'll talk as long as she's not mean to me again and again and again. I mean, I'll take the occasional punch. but I'm not going to put myself through day after day feeling crap about myself.

I mean, I've done the best that I can with everything that I have been provided with. And I do a lot of interesting things.

And even though I have problems through it all, that doesn't make me where I shouldn't be respected as a person. So, I'm not going to pursue anything that might ultimately damage me, like I have in the past. I mean, I choose every single second, and if people around aren't worth me, aren't worth my love, and I have feelings about that, I mean, if I'm going to give all this love, You don't want to be giving all this love to someone who's not going to use it or be receptive to it. You want to give all your love to all the people who are in your life who want to accept it or want your love.

So that goes back to receptivity that we were talking about last lecture, but ultimately it's not a good idea to hang around people that that upset your psychology uh but in saying this uh our conversations today were quite interesting and uh and and quite cruel but she did help me see a few things and and yes i got an ego to take care of um because what i'm doing is is all coming together and I'm going to be advertising and once this conception gets known, gets understood how it works and people know that it exists, then it's going to landslide and whether i get recognized as a good teacher or not is irrelevant i mean i'm i'm the first like this uh and and ultimately all i am is a model and i don't care if my stuff's crap because i'm just a model um i'm showing how it can be done and uh and it can and how it can be done for cheap sorry about the quality of my videos uh and and the choppiness and that little blip that you get all the time and I mean this is coming from a $200 laptop and getting uploaded to the internet from an internet phone, internet only phone that cost $120 or something. So I'm working on $320 worth of equipment and providing to you comprehensive courses with reading material and and I'm doing it all homeless so and that's because I love you and I really do love you and I'm sorry if I treat you bad sometimes I need to learn that just because you and not saying you specifically but one person out there might treat me bad it's not necessarily you it's not necessarily a reflection on you and your own feelings about it and I'm sorry for doing this and I'm doing what I can to change it and I'm going to be having an action plan and everything to get out of some of these bad traits which we all should be working towards something. Our greatest good and what that greatest good is is you'll find out when you look within and and you'll be able to spot the inconsistencies over time and if you do it with people then it will make that process much easier much quicker much more enjoyable and you can have a happy and fulfilling life always refining as a person becoming better and better and better than you were before and the better you get then the more you have to give to everybody and so this is your responsibility as a human being is to you know you're given something what are you going to make of it so that's your question for this lecture and and really that's your question every second what are you going to do with the given and there's a lot of readings that I've been wanting to include but I'm very limited with readings and I guess last lecture I could have taken out the Nietzsche lecture and put another sorry the Nietzsche reading and put another one in there but but it'll work and and these are good readings and there's just so many readings that I want you to to read uh but i don't want to overload you and this probably is going to be this may be my shortest course out of all my courses um i think it is i think it's the shortest course out of all my courses it would it will be um if my heart lets it be uh because my heart is directing it but but this is because this is a fine this is a third a third nail and it's an important course that that brings to perspective a lot of the things I was saying in the other two courses so so I do hope that this is a significant course for you and I I hope that it will encourage you to check out my other courses and see what other perspectives I have I do want to tell you that this is all one perspective taken from or this is this is sorry these are all different perspectives that point to the same thing and it develops it does develop it evolves it evolves as I evolve because the structures that I implement are representations of me so when I evolve so do those structures and and I evolved through what I learned through repetition which is why I look for the people who would best enjoy me in their life and be able to help me and me help them and this is the security that I have to offer I mean a lifetime of a psychoanalysis and I know a lot of people like and other things like see a therapist see a therapist and and I I really push for the epicurean perspective, which we should be forming tight knit communities. These communities can be anywhere now, we got the internet and we can choose a lot of different types of lifestyles and we're not limited at all, we can live in suburbia in a type of communal uh it doesn't have to be based on location uh we just the communities our friendships you know our circle of friends and uh and but i i'm more attracted to physical communities like uh places where a lot of good people get together and if you've taken my other courses you would have heard more about that but but that's not necessarily saying that that's what's good i mean this girl maria could uh if she was nicer to me uh she could uh you know be a friend for the rest of my life and we could always be talking about these subjects and be open with them you know what our problems are and not just our problems but but each other's problems and then we talk out you know different action plans that we can form to then correct these problems, or we can discuss these problems, and I'm going to tell you it straight, most of the time, the reason why we conflict in problems is because we don't understand the core of those problems, so we misjudge, and I tell you this in all my courses, we have problems standing back and looking at all the conditions in order to see why that one condition occurred I mean we look at the biomedical model of science science and we go okay so there's a problem right there let's look at that problem but we don't realize the background conditions that are imposing that problem so if I say something that's odd to you and and you go I don't feel comfortable with it then there's a question that should be thought up and then conveyed and then you would better understand why the person said what they said you know we're all saying things for a reason we have background conditions that form our understandings in order to vocalize the the content that that we vocalize so uh so there's reasons behind this and usually it's from repetition uh from things and and what you like you know you start to learn about what you like And then you track back, you think this happened from you or from recent modern society, but you track it back through societies and societies and see how it formed, see why it formed, see what direction it's going to.

I mean, society is ever-developing, and I hope to integrate love into our society, and that way it can really develop, and it will create a new golden age if you guys just allow it to happen. Encourage it to happen. I mean, you don't like my content? Okay, that's fine.

Encourage university structures and teachers to do this because you'll be getting the result of being able to learn anything that you're interested in if you just encourage the systems along. So we're going to have to learn how to look at people on the internet as real people. You know, we use the internet as a barricade and we start trolling people. I wouldn't say that to them normally, but I'm going to say it because it's the internet and I can say whatever I want.

And that's not cool. So we need to look at how people get hurt.

And we shouldn't be encouraging people to get hurt. especially when they're trying to provide a structure that can give free education to the entire world. And whether you consider what I do here education or not, I don't care. But I have proven the systems and how they could function. And I have right here in front of you an online

university that only needs more teachers. And once these teachers start to pick up, which they will, And I don't care if that is a month from now, which might be likely, I mean, the way things are going. Or, you know, 10 years from now, I have my entire life to do all of this. So, and it's going to have an effect down the line over generations.

So, this is my calling. And you can either hurt it or help it or do nothing. And I will incur all of those things. And I promise you, I will try my best to get my heart right, get my ego down, get my ego just to function as it should function, and instead of inflated, for not you, but for me.

Thank you very much.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



03-What-Is-Love-16-A-New-Society

I am the Grim Reaper. It is me that will be carrying your soul to the underworld. But seriously, I'm not all that bad of a guy. If you just get to know me, you see, the better life that you live, the less you're concerned about continuing to cling on to that life.

for our entire creation process is a wonderful circle of life, and as we decompose into the ground, we will once again rise as another formation.

Imagine how different the world would be today if all of those who rest in this graveyard were blessed with solid relationships of people who tactfully assisted them to correct their errors, while they reciprocated the favor. Imagine their potential fruits if they were only given the assistance they needed to cope with their own physical, mental, and spiritual struggles. What would the world be like today if only this graveyard managed to develop a utopian society that can be copied? What are the heights of human beings when we are provided with all we need to reach those heights?

When one person in our life dies, we are shown for our mortality. But death has its place in our human existence, and we will never learn to overcome it if we are unable to embrace it. We stand here at the precipice of a new society. We have all the resources and manpower required to perform and construct all the necessary structures to develop this society.

This is what is now provided to each man and woman. And the only question that we are left with now is, what am I going to do with the given? Now it is your turn to assess your own responsibilities. I wish you luck and will be right by your side if you ever need me.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



03-What-Is-Love-17-Lecture-8-Faith

Welcome to the lecture. I'm going to be honest and tell you that I don't really have any plans for this lecture. I'm not exactly sure what I'm going to say, but I guess that hasn't been any different than any of the other lectures because this is a course on love and love is from the heart and I'm letting my heart guide this entire course. So we'll see where it goes and if you haven't noticed that this course is a divine intervention in my life which I am applying then on the inside and then to all the people around me and as a result the whole of humanity so I am living my philosophy and and that is having interesting results interesting and productive results and and not only that that all the things in my life that are going on right at this moment have given you the content that you're receiving now which at least in my opinion is quality content that has a lot to say we look back at the readings for last lecture and I mean it's kind of controversial and we're getting two different sides Aquinas is saying one thing and Bentham is saying another thing. As far as Aquinas, we've got to understand the time and place that he came from. He was a

saint, so he was socially indoctrinated into a certain understanding of everything. He was a smart guy that had a lot of good ideas, but in the end, he was confined to the limits of the church because church and state weren't separated at that point, and people could be executed or thrown in jail for ideals that upset the balance of things because they didn't have the freedom of speech that we have nowadays. And even the freedom of speech that we have nowadays is very confined into the systems that we built, and these systems are very confining to us. And that's why I'm giving you this system, because this system isn't confining at all, and we get freedom.

But as far as Bentham, we look at what he's saying, and there's some interesting points to consider. And he did not allow this to be released until after his death, because he was unsure of how people would react. And he was, even though he was starting to become part of the Enlightenment that we understand in philosophy, I'm working towards developing that Enlightenment, but he was in the beginning of that. And they weren't, but he still had those confinements of church and state.

There was a lot of ideals that were not accepted because it would have set the balance of what the church believed. And that's why he couldn't, or that's why he didn't release it. And it was probably a good idea at the time. and I hope you took some some gained some understandings and that gave value to your life and I don't want you to say believe in any one philosopher I mean don't believe my words instead think about my words think about Bentham's words think about Nietzsche's words think about Aristotle's words all these people that we have been reading you know think about their words and and decide for yourself make your own decisions based off what you're starting to come to understand. And maybe even step back and don't make any decisions at all. Maybe just grow

inclinations towards certain directions and that way you can avoid taking a stance on something that you're not really sure about and this this gives you um this this opens you up to to avoid diversity uh or at least in a controversial way so we need to start thinking about these things and how we're going to act and what it is that we're going to believe and if you know my work I'm not really a fan of beliefs in in general I mean there's some things that I do believe but uh but but belief has caused so much pain in our past and if we can let go on identifying with the thing that's this clinging that I've been explaining to you the whole course and if we can just look stand back and look at things for for what they could be then we could live in a much more accepting society. This lecture is going to be looking at care and particularity. So how are we to interact with people and how are we to best help people when we're interacting. So what methods could we use to interact in the most meaningful ways possible for our finite selves, and also make things better than when you got there.

And that's what I've been doing my whole life, is I've been trying to make things better as I, when I leave. And I go a lot of places, and I have my entire life gone a lot of places, but it's always nicer. Even though I do a bit of damage sometimes, when I leave, it's always nicer. And even though a lot of relationships break down, but when I leave those relationships, all the entire environment is changed because of what love I put in to not only the relationships but the environment within the relationships and how I made people comfortable or uncomfortable.

I mean, I give my love in many different ways and a lot of these slaps in the face is a way to show my love. And if we learn to step back and look at what I'm doing, then maybe you would appreciate these slaps in the face. A lot of things have been happening. I mean, every day it's crazy. But I'll tell you a little bit about what's happening with me

and Maria. It's ended. We're not talking anymore. We're not speaking anymore. After the last

lecture, she kept on saying really mean and hurtful things to me, exercising no care or particularity in her actions. And I deserve respect. I'm a human being like every other human being in this world and I'm not going to put my own psychology through trauma in order for no reason at all. I mean I got a lot of love to give and I'm not going to put myself in bad situations in order to try to force that love upon people.

And if people aren't treating me with respect that I deserve then I'm not going to stay in that situation. And I thought about this a lot, and I wasn't sure if I made the right decision, but I'm pretty sure that I did, and I'll tell you some of the stuff that happened that sort of affirms this. After I told her that I don't want to talk to her unless she learns how to love within actions within her words you know she then then I spoke to another nice lady in the philosophy department her name's Gail she's a wonderful interesting person and and we were just talking about whatever she wanted to talk about and it led to her talking about her children or and different children not just her children but children in general and how they learn best and and and she was talking about skipping she was saying you know a child is uh you know skipping along trying to do it at first they're like you know and then they're trying to learn how to skip and uh and as they're doing that you're going oh that's so great that's wonderful that's that's amazing you're you're getting there or when they're actually able to do it then wow you know look what you just just did this is awesome uh and then you get a child that knows how to skip and will continue to skip throughout their life at some stage or another and is confident within skipping. And this is positive reinforcement.

And we've got to think about this. So if you're crap at skipping and the parent or the guardian or whoever it is that's watching the child skip and they're trying to get it right and they're not getting it right and you're saying, that's bad, that's bad, that's bad, But then ultimately you're doing damage to the child's psychology, so you have a child that's not going to want to skip, you're going to have a child that can't skip, you're going to have a child that is going to be afraid to try new things, and you're going to have a child that is intimidated and doesn't feel good about themselves. So when we're interacting with people, we need to show the utmost care and particularity with our actions. We need to love. We don't need to judge. If you say someone is this

certain way or whatever, then maybe you should be forming the content of your sentences a little bit nicer and telling them the same way from a different perspective. And that's what we've been talking about this entire time is these different perspectives. So we can swing ourselves around the topic and try to figure out how to encourage each other to skip. So I spoke with this woman for a while about this and I found it very interesting and it came at a really funny time, it was like 30 minutes after I told Maria that I'm always going to be there for her if she ever wants to speak in a loving manner and I do really care about her and she did this whole she started this entire course i mean i was thinking about some of these things about about how i would launch a course like this and uh and then she she was the catalyst for that and i will never forget that um and i really do appreciate her for what she's done for me and i'm going to be thinking about all the things that she said to me very carefully and analyzing them and figuring out how i can apply them into my own life and not there's a lot of what she said that's inaccurate and because she's she's she's very judgmental in her words and she says you're this way and you're that way and you're that way without actually looking at the background conditions so we got to look at all that we're doing in order to in order to truly love and and modify what we do to try to get nicer reactions and people say yeah This is manipulating, and I guess it is manipulating in a way, but you're manipulating yourself to be a better person, a nicer person, a friendlier person, a more caring and a more loving person.

I mean, and she doesn't like what I do to my psychology, and you're learning what I do to my psychology, and I'm talking out what I do to my psychology. I am being an example for you to show you how you too can do this with your psychology if you so desire and and I am confident that this is all going to work out perfectly for me because I've spent my life attempting to achieve this attempting to go beyond suffering attempting to to be enlightened and and then as a result enlighten others but that this lady gal um she she knows a lot of the philosophers around and she after we spoke about the skipping children then then she said that she would introduce me to a lot of the different philosophers and she said this because she started to ask about what I do and and I showed her and I talked about it and she was very interested in it and and I mean when when smart people actually stand back and look at what I'm doing usually their mouth drops but so I if you think I'm doing crap stuff or whatever then then good for you but uh but I think I'm doing the right thing and I and I see that manifest in my world over time because you know when I first start doing courses even though there's a lot of material to show my character in the background the court the just the essays themselves weren't an effective method to convey the meaning that I was trying to get at and then when I started the courses people go you know you oh you got one course or and then we got you got two courses and now I got three courses and threes like you know on the dot and and it's It's amazing how it's evolved and each course is showing a different perspective so each course remains valid. So I'm getting linked up now with a whole bunch of philosophers at the Australian National University which is the top philosophy department in all of Australia. So if you don't consider me a philosopher or you have problems with my teaching, look at my life and look at my character.

Track back, look at what I've done in the past, who I am, what I was, what I am now, how I'm directed, where I'm going, and you could make accurate predictions about my future. look at the amount of time I invest in all of this because my entire heart is all in it. Or don't do any of it. Or just close this window and then you'll never have to, or actually you probably will have to see me again because I'm going to continue to do this. And the

more videos that I build, the more courses that I build, the more people watch my videos because I talk about more topics. And then the people that are interested in these topics than look at my videos, and then I might end up getting a fan out of that. So, I mean, I'm going to be around a long time, and I'm going to continue to build people who support this cause. So, look where the cause is going, and, I mean, there's not much you can do about it, except, I mean, you can fight against the grain if you so desire, there, but you're not helping anybody or anything by doing that. You're hurting yourself, you're

hurting society, and you're hurting the people around you. But what I would like is for you to join me and support my cause or encourage the cause. I mean, we have so much potential here, and I'm showing you how you can do it. And I don't say, I mean, I'm a model teacher.

I'm not saying structure things like me. Find your own dynamic approach that works for you. Learn how to use these systems. I can teach you a lot of these systems and I can teach you how to do a lot of the basics and then you can learn from there.

You have needs, we need to fulfill those needs to make a receptive presentation. So how are we going to do that? And I've been doing this with my life so I know a lot of different methods that we can use and and this is stuff you know I can do a video in a day and upload it and everything so it's not stuff like that that's going to kill your time so if you're afraid to quit your job and then join me now that's not the way it's going to work you would end up taking on like a part-time job and building yourself and eventually the donations that you end up getting will hopefully become enough, if you're good enough, to support you. So then you can quit your job and that's the way it's working and right now I'm hiring chairs for departments and the way the chairs are going to work, I mean there's incentives here, so the chair of the department then is in charge of hiring for that entire department.

And the chair of the department will then get a small slice of every single teacher's uh donations that uh that are given so uh so the the chair ends up getting uh you know a good like if they if they hire good teachers i mean the better the teachers are the more people are going to want to donate and once we explain these systems then uh then we're going to want to support these teachers so they can uh they can do what they need to do to to provide free education for the world and we're not talking about a lot of money i mean a course like this uh in a university is probably a thousand bucks and this is just out of you know a normal university an average university uh but but this then since we're opening education to the entire world if you then donate $20 or something like that then then that's good because the entire world can donate and if a lot of people start donating $20 then we can look at developing a sustainable income for the new teachers of the world and this will this will ultimately encourage encourage personal growth instead of saying that certificate we're encouraging personal growth there so I I wasn't even supposed to talk about all this, which I don't care. I'm talking about it anyway.

But this is all happening. And I'm in the right spot to do it. And I'm in the right spot in my life to do it. And I have my heart right.

Or at least I almost have my heart right to do it. In the most loving and caring method possible. So, I mean, please join me. please jump on board or at least support the cause and tell your friends about this.

I mean, the more people that know about this, then the more it can progress. And I don't care if I get any credit for doing this, for promoting this or whatever. If you want, the university is a model university. Go create your own university and do a similar system if that's what you desire.

if you don't want to join forces with me. I mean, I'm trying to free education. I'm not trying to fulfill myself. I'm not trying to say, hey, give me money or anything like that.

I'm trying to be a model so we can implement these systems into our current internet. And we got all the technology to do it. So why not? Okay, particularity.

We need to start being nice to people and looking at people for who they are. You know, stepping back and if they open up about some of their problems, then we'll gain insight into why they are the way they are. And this is important. And people say, oh, this isn't philosophy or whatever because you're talking about personal experiences or whatever.

I mean, that's bullcrap. Did you know that all the philosophers of our time, their philosophy came from their life, from their life understandings and experience, and then they developed a philosophy really to cope with their own minds. And that's what I'm doing right here. so so even though I don't present myself like a lot of people I mean I present myself more like Nietzsche um in a lot of aspects but I also use my life experiences to show you examples and and if you look there's reflections of me all over um and and why is that because a reflection is like a mirror is like it's a model and I'm trying to teach you how you can be a model or how you can copy this model and and then become your own teacher and and do it with compassion and love and care so we we got to stop being judgmental and even if you don't agree with something, then we need to think about ways that we can articulate our message that won't be offensive to people. We got to step lightly on the ground. And that's in ninjutsu. Ninjutsu,

you know, tread softly. You walk softly on the ground because you're part of that environment and you want that environment to be the best environment possible. I mean, if you don't want that, then that's not my problem. I mean, that's an error with your psychology and you can either choose to let it continue or then fix it. But what we got to do is, I'm going to use

Nietzsche's example and that's eternal reoccurrence. And so what he's saying is, and we will have a video on this. This video is the beginning of my first course, The Meaning of Life. It introduces the course at the end, but don't worry so much about that. What I want you

to worry about is the content itself. I'll explain it a little bit here, but that video is going to make it a lot more understandable but Nietzsche's version is you know and he took this off someone else so this isn't original but he did run with it and I ran with it so I mean we're there's nothing new under the sun all we can do is reinterpret understandings and these understandings are likely thought of before but not made successful or or forgotten or whatever But, so we're in, just imagine that life is a repetition. So, you're like in a cycle and you live out your life and then you die and then everything restarts, I mean, at some point, and then the same exact thing happens again. and then you live out your life again in the same exact manner possible like to the T every let the way I'm holding my hands right now is exactly what's going to happen in the next cycle so I mean this makes us think whoa I'm gonna live this exact same life not once or twice but like forever so the question is how How are you going to perceive that?

And I'm not saying this is the way anything exists. This is a thought experiment for you to stand back and think about how you are going to live your life. So, well, you could be disheartened about it. You could say that sucks and you could feel so bad, I've been through so much, everything's crap, you know.

And you could be horrified or you could be indifferent and I think that would probably be a minority that wouldn't care either way uh or or you could do something special and and that could give you such a fulfillment that you could then take your life into your own hands and make it everything that you wanted it to be uh and that and and i i talk about you know our past experiences they build us into what we are but we create these past experiences so we're the one that's ultimately ultimately responsible for it but but i'm going to tell you that just because you're suffering doesn't mean you're a bad person it doesn't mean that that what you've done is wrong necessarily and and we all develop these coping mechanisms to get over something or another and these coping mechanisms are might be bad and i'll talk about that in a little bit uh but but they served a function and then when we get over the hill then we can reassess the these these uh these traits that we picked up and decide whether they're necessary in our lives uh still and and if they're not then what we're going to do to remove them and uh and then over a slow process getting your heart right um and it is a process it's uh love is forever developing and and this this is evolving um everything this is the year 2012 and the world is ending guess Guess what, next year the world begins anew and we have free education and it's going to boom. And it might take a little while because things take a while to pick up sometimes, especially when it's not backed by the almighty dollar. But you know what, I'm proud that this isn't backed by the almighty dollar. I am showing you that this dollar means crap.

What means everything is the dollar in your heart. the value of that is and uh so so we can start to look at our problems that we have in the past these dark corners in our minds um and then we start look to look at it as in you know that's okay that happens i i might have not you know done done what i think is right right now but i did the best i could and and i'm getting over these problems so you can start to look at your sufferings in a good light that they helped you overcome them and uh and then your life starts to transform in front of your eyes uh you start everything in life begins to be amazing and over time um as long as you take those chances then uh then you will start to see results and and i i talked about this at the very beginning and i'll talk about a little bit more but we got to take those chances when we think that we're pretty sure that this is what we need to do um but we but you know the car drives in front of us the car drive stops stops there um in front of you or taxi or whatever and and uh and you don't get in then it's going to drive away and you don't know how much longer it's going to be before another one comes or even if it's going to take you to the right place. So we need to think about this. I'll talk about dependency. And I'm telling

everything and I think I've told most things. There might be a few other little bits and pieces I have to do to open up entirely about everything in my life, everything that's not good, but I'm an addict. My name is Wendell NeSmith and I am a drug addict. This doesn't mean that I need drugs all the time or I'm always trying to chase them. I use drugs in an interesting

way, and I'll speak about that in a little bit, but I do appreciate drugs, and they help me, and I guess I am self-medicating, but medication from our current health system is not good for me, and doesn't help at all, if anything it makes me worse, because then And my conscious awareness gets changed and altered, and I don't like that at all. And sometimes it makes you feel terrible. So I do self-medicate. What generally happens, I told you about the cycles in one of the lectures, and what generally happens is that I run into a wall somewhere.

And this wall can be in life, in relationships, or even in walking, or even in my philosophy. And I don't know what to do. And I think that I've hit the end. I think there's nowhere else to go.

There's a big wall in front of me. What do I do? I have no idea what to do. And so what I do then is I feel like killing myself.

I'm going to kill myself. I hate everything, you know, I'm going to kill myself, and I go, you know, that's not good. I've got to figure out what I'm going to do. So then I go get some drugs, and I usually, I mean, I only take soft drugs.

I don't touch anything hard, and I wouldn't, but I usually get legal drugs. I go down to the store that has the legal synthetic cannabinoids, and I smoke that. And then I think about everything. And every time I do drugs, God is my thought.

God is who I turn everything to. So I'm not doing, if you know anything about entheogens or psychonautics, that's what I do. But I'll explain the way that I do it. And these drugs then get me thinking differently.

and and then this allows me to move around that issue that I was talking about look at different perspectives and and then I I think of something amazing that I could do and and I jump in and I take that leap of faith and give it all I have and and then come out with the work that I'm very proud of um and I love it and and when you love something or someone then you want to protect and and I want to protect this this ideal because this ideal is the highest that I have been able to fathom in my long journeys and studies another thing that drugs have always helped me with is um is being able to step back and look at that picture I mean I guess it's the same thing but but if I was reading some really complex philosophy in my life if you if if you start out philosophy and you're reading these texts and I and you haven't been very well educated then then these are difficult text you gotta go what the crap man everything makes no sense and and it sort of makes your Your life make no sense because philosophy is talking about life. And then drugs go, I can see what he's saying, I can see what he's saying. I've always learned through details and I learned those details and I'm confused about the whole picture. But eventually those details build up into the whole picture.

If you look at my courses, there's the meaning of life, then we have my reflected death, and now we have what is love. We've just created a teepee, and it's supported with solid foundations. The structures themselves are withstanding, and even though there's errors throughout it and those errors will get resolved through the test of time. They are the dead skin on the tattoo, they're the impurities that are being pushed out to create a beautiful end result.

So just because drugs are considered illegal in our society, I mean just because, and not just that, marijuana is such a beautiful plant. If you don't cook it, then it is the most nutritious plant in the world, at least that's what I read. And apparently it can help a lot of different health issues. And if you do burn it or cook it or heat it up or whatever, then I still think there's a lot of medicinal value in that.

Just because it changes your perception a little bit doesn't mean that it's going to make everybody lazy. I mean, I'm just the opposite. I don't get lazy on drugs. I start to get inspired and dedicated and loving and caring and this is who I am on drugs.

Not this. I mean, I don't do my lectures on drugs. I think while I'm on drugs and I talk and I focus on God and He helps me get through what I need and see everything in as many ways that I can. And not just that, drugs really help you play with your psychology.

because you can then examine your psychology so you know I tweak I tweak and tweak and and and eventually I get better results but but that's not to say through this tweaking I'm going to get some pretty bad results too but over time I'm going to get the best results possible there was one other thing as As far as the readings today, I'm pretty sure I'll throw in a Spinoza reading because we're sort of going back to friendships here, and friendships are so important, and they really do supersede a romantic relationship because a romantic relationship should derive from that and um and if we don't do it that way then we're trying to skip ahead and i've told you about this sort of thing in in the other courses you know we have to you know go from ourselves to god we have to walk to follow god we have to go forward from ourselves to wherever it is that we end up we have to travel and uh and if we're not traveling towards that then we're not following god um so that ideal is uh i mean it stands true to find that perfect woman you have to go uh you have to go to the process you have to do that process um readings readings uh i said the oh another one we're going to have is pygmalion and uh and this is important to me because this reflects what I've done with so much of my time over the many years of my life, and this is to create the ideal girl, the best girl possible, and this creation is a creation of my mind and my heart, and I'll explain this, so Pygmalion spends his life, you know, he's a sculptor and then he's tired of women that aren't good for him so he ends up sculpting his own his own woman and and eventually he gets it perfect and he's like wow this is amazing I got it perfect and and then he prays to Venus the God of love to for this girl to be actualized in his life and not he he didn't say this girl but he said a girl like this and uh and it happened and and i want to start thinking about this a little bit more so so we we craft our hearts um the way that we craft our hearts is going to have an effect on the one that we end up with uh so if we craft our hearts to be the most amazing hearts that we can can conceive of then the people that have the most amazing hearts uh around or are in the world and now we're opening up everything to the world i mean this is my dating website my name is wendell and i am on the market and if you if you think you got what it takes then contact me because I'm looking for that one and that one is a conception that I have that I've been crafting my heart for so long to be a mirror image of, and I'm being the best me that I can conceive of, and ultimately this is going to get me the best woman that I can conceive of, and I'm convinced that this entire philosophy is going to work, and I see it, and I see it working, so yeah, maybe it hasn't worked right now, and it's brought me through a lot of suffering in my life, but it's going to work. It's going to work. All of it's going to work. And I am going to eventually live out the happiest life possible, sharing my love with everybody around me, the entire world, and that special someone. And we can work together doing it, all of us. We can all hold hands doing it.

So, I hope you enjoy that reading, and that is a very meaningful reading to me. Don't take everything as being exactly what it says. We've got to learn to step back and look at the message. When you're thinking, after you read that, and you're thinking about what it really means, say okay yeah he has sculpture and it turned into a woman I mean that's there's meanings behind things and and so many of us have had forgotten to to look at those meanings and and I'm trying to show us how we can look at those meanings again I I really do hope you've enjoyed this lecture and I'm sorry I haven't I haven't spoken of everything and to be honest I'm never going to speak of everything and and the things that I end up missing out are going to be parts of other courses. So this isn't a bad thing and just because I'm telling you

certain things, perspectives or content of this caliber doesn't mean that I don't have anything extra to say about that or I don't have any different understandings about that. can't come to you you logically you can't come to me about a lot of these issues and say uh and say oh i don't believe that because of this because i'm not telling you to believe something i'm telling you to think for yourself and uh and then make your decisions yourself uh so i i hope we do that and and uh i hope and have faith every single second uh walking towards the sun walking towards Apollo. And I think this is all going to work. And if you don't think so, then continue doing what you're doing. And I'm going to continue doing what I'm doing. And I hope when all

this does work that you'll come back and hold my hand as we do it. So I'm going to keep following God and you keep doing whatever is on your heart and maybe one day we can come back to each other.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



03-What-Is-Love-18-The-Second-Coming

Here I am at the top of my mountain to say, until next time, to my mother. She has nurtured me from a broken child into a physically, mentally, and spiritually driven warrior of God. For the last year and a half, I have breastfed from her divine wisdom, and it is now my time to tell her my goodbyes. she is pushing me out of our nest and is forcing me to learn how to fly today I enter back into society with the mission to integrate my greatest good into its existence and my greatest good is free education and I have put my life on the line to make it happen. I picked up my cross and carried it up my mountain. As I did this, I was

spit upon and lashed over the back with the cat of nine tails called society. The entire time, I remained true to myself, even though it was against my better judgment. When I built my philosophy upon solid foundations, my structures began to form as representations of my mountain which I exist within. Thus, I paint a picture not only to represent me, but the reflection that I come from. Over time, the stigmata manifests as I strived for my highest good.

I was nailed to the cross by society for my strife for virtue, prudence, and love. As a representation of me manifest in my world, the nails of my courses, the meaning of life, my reflected death, and what is love, ultimately put me to my final slumber. but upon my last breath for the self i exhaled from my lungs why god have you forsaken me

but then i awoke on the other side just as jesus had promised me all that was painful had given me insight into what was really important. I gave over my life to the people even though they did not want it. But every day I strive to help them to learn so that we can all become better people. I will now walk down my mountain and be very careful not to trip over myself.

If we are unable to comprehend different ways for the second coming to unfold, then we will never be able to be saved. If we are not opening our eyes to the possibilities of God's plan, then we are only running away from our human potential. This is my life. Please do look at the background conditions before making your judgments.

I am yours.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



03-What-Is-Love-19-Lecture-9-Hope

I've got a home now. I'm back into society. And I've got a whole room. So I guess that's a good thing. There's a lot of things that I'm having to learn how to deal with again.

I mean, stuff like I already lost something in the couch, and this is weird, and there's a cat here, and it bullies me, and I'm allergic to cats, so my eyes puff up, and it scratches me, and that puffs up, and it's really mean. I'm trying to grab for my own stuff, and it likes me, but it's mean to me. trying to reign dominance over me and I think it's working. So there's lots of little things that I'm having to get used to and having a place to put my stuff is pretty handy. I'm

not going to lie, I'm really exhausted. This course is taking it all out of me. And I'm looking forward to doing my crashing part of my cycles, but I'm almost finished, so it's turning out exactly how it should turn out. I'm not making it anything, it's turning out exactly what it was meant to turn out like. I want to speak about my credentials

on the topic of love, you know, and we do this by looking at character, and if we look at my past character, and that's what I'm going to talk about for the next few minutes, is my past character, and who I was, and who I am, and how it led me to become who I am, I'm not just speaking about love from a misunderstood perspective. I mean, I got a lot of background history on this subject. And it's not all good. It's not all good at all.

And we'll talk about that later. But I guess I want to start off with a good story before we get into all the bad. But I'm a matchmaker, and that's because I look at people's personalities and then think about what they would be like together. I mean, I'm always looking at personalities and personality type indicators and things like that.

I think that's a more healthy way to help people than to label them into categories that we can then discriminate against. it's better to have a spectrum than it is to have these categories, these stereotypes.

That's labeling theory, and we've talked about that in some other courses in previous times.

And there's two people that I have successfully set up to marriage, and they're still happy today in their marriages. And those happen to me, my family members, my mother, I set her up with her husband. And I also set my brother up with his wife. And those are really good relationships that are growing each day.

So, I mean, I do have some good abilities within this sphere. And I'm not going to say I'm perfect. But I do like to think out these things, and I think a thought-out relationship could be a much better relationship than an ignorant one.

But in the past, I've had a lot of unhealthy relationships, and it's kind of because I didn't want to do things the typical way that society likes to do things. And I wasn't happy with how people treated me, and I was sort of content to just write people off instead of working out relationships. Because I want to talk things out, and other people want to, I don't know, just say it's a conflict, and then hold angst and stuff against each other, and I don't like that. So, when I get put into unhealthy relationships, then I tend to either flourish with them or they turn bad.

And, I mean, I'm telling you my history. I think I've fixed most of these problems. But I'll tell you a significant part of it in that I was married. And I was married for seven years.

I was with her for almost ten. and it wasn't a healthy relationship at all. We developed codependencies and neither of us really were good to the other person or even away from the other person. It wasn't a very good relationship and I don't think either of us really liked each other that much either which is kind of sad but we were really young when we got together and we didn't really know what we needed, or even who we were.

And I've learned, I've learned from my mistakes, and I wanted to work on that relationship, and I wanted to fix it, but she wasn't all that interested, she wasn't interested at all, and she just, she left me, which is probably for the best, because it resulted in everything you're getting right now, caused the chain reaction, and I'll never forget her for that. And I do appreciate what she really put me through to be able to become the person that I always wanted to be.

But then when she left, all her friends, which were inherited to me and her family as well, She told them all to stop talking to me, so I sort of lost communication with everybody that I cared about, and that made me completely isolated. And then I tried to go back to my family and fix that, but they weren't really that interested in the person that I was, the direction I was going. and that was difficult and I guess I really should stop putting barriers up in friendships if I don't want to speak to someone in an unhealthy way then instead of saying I don't want to ever talk to you again I should or instead of saying you know it's over I should just not respond and then maybe that allows me next time to send them an email of telling them I'm thinking about them or, you know, being friendly still even though I don't want to talk about certain things with them because they are very ignorant about those subjects and self-righteous and think they're right about everything. And the way I work, you know, I listen to everybody and I think about what everybody says. And even though I have some powerful words, I don't really stand by those. I mean,

I live them. But I can only be responsible for myself, not anybody else. So I instead encourage other people to start thinking with their head and their heart about these subjects and then making their own decisions on them. I mean, as far as all my courses, if you don't like the content of it, then just blank all of it out but keep the structures to be able to copy and then put your own content that you think is actually important and use this as a model. I'm just a test pilot with all this stuff and the content that I'm putting

in here is based off my philosophy, which could have a chain reaction towards everything. Whether my content is heard, as long as the structures are kept, then the philosophy is being carried out, whether the words are being understood or not. So I've had a lot of unhealthy relationships and I want to say that since I've started this course I've done some apologizing and I've apologized to my parents and I mean I've been a bit arrogant even though I've been a nice guy and I've been, you know, I don't like the way they treat me so I'll kind of be like I don't want to talk to you anymore And that's not good. And so I've done some apologizing.

I've been contacting and reciprocating with my family. And that's been good. I'm opening up relationships that were closed before. And I guess I've done this for a few years now, trying to open up those relationships that were closed over the years.

but a lot of people don't want to open those up so the majority don't don't care and plus I'm not right by their side you know these are people all around the world that I've met so they don't care most of them don't care but some of them are and I really appreciate those ones that I can get back in contact with and then start another friendship and and the time is good too because we both learn problems and and each other's personalities so we can be a bit more careful as to how we treat each other I was speaking to my brother yesterday and and he's not really happy with my message and he's he's a a Christian, he's a good guy, but he follows the beliefs, he follows the words on the paper as the word of God, and in my holistic perspective, doesn't sit well with him, because I like to learn from everything, and I don't think we have to fight about all these details, even if they are conflicting, if we just step back, look what they're saying, you know, consider it we can then learn how to live a better life with as much understandings as we can possibly achieve and so my brother he wasn't being too nice to me and then he said that you know everybody that watches your videos knows that you're mentally ill it's very apparent and I'm like oh is that is that right? I mean, I have a different guy, but I mean, I like different. I like being the person that I am. So, I mean, and am I mentally ill? Like, and what is mentally ill? Who's

not mentally ill? We all go through struggles in our head, and that is how we deal with those struggles. And I've chosen a very dedicated way to deal with these struggles, which then ended up becoming the person that I am now. So I mean, I'm secure in myself and what I've done and who I am and what I have to say. And I'm not a fan of dogmatics because dogmatics always ends

pushing me out the window because I'm not dogmatic at all and I get you know dogmatics will just slam through the quotes at me and it's like I don't want to hear these quotes you know I studied the Bible and I can do that anytime that I want it would be much better if you told me how you interpret these quotes So instead of copying and pasting quotes to me that come from the Bible, why don't you take that content within and then interpret it into the outside so through you, you'd be speaking the Word. and this is the word uh and if we can't learn to do that process then uh then we're not really helping anybody we're just uh bible bashing and we don't want to do that um it's not effective it's not going to work uh you might get converts here and there but uh but don't don't do that people. And see, I have to work out how to deal with all these types of slander that I get. And this is an everyday occurrence. This is not a one-off. So people don't like my content. And

it's because, it's always because people don't understand what my message is. And they judge off, you know, one video or this or that without linking anything together. And I've spent a long time, you can link so many different things together with my content, like everything links somewhere else. And has very profound understandings that can be taken in many different ways. And I like this. I like being able to present something that you can think about

and then two weeks later you think about another way to understand that. I mean, and I think that's awesome. I think that's food for the soul. Because it's not, it's actually, it's feeding you over time. It's not just forcing it in and then going out. You're getting the

slow drip process or whatever. I don't, okay. And this goes into organized religion. And And I want to say that I love and respect all teachings and practices of divine wisdom that are out there.

And when I step back and look at what they're saying, and then just thinking about how I could possibly apply those teachings to my life, then my soul gets filled. And then I can always use those understandings in the future if I ever so desire. Or maybe those understandings aren't really my direction, but I can at least know about them and then consider them when I'm understanding other different things and conversing and building topics and further understandings to even step back from that picture and look at where that's going. And we have to accept all these organized religions and these understandings, and we have to love them, and we have to allow them to do what they want to do as long as it's not against basic human rights.

And then we've got to ask the question, what is basic human rights? And that's an awesome question. Why don't we find that out? And through our forever developing methods and understandings from our community education that continues to build, then we can start to fathom a better understanding of what basic human rights are and how we can, not just the theory, but how we can apply that to our world.

So these are the ways that we can start becoming better and more accepting and more loving. But I just want to mention in the end of the day, at the end of the day, we're opening up a universal religion of all that is inclusive to all. And this is of love. it's not an organized religion because uh and those of you who know my work know about you know collectivism and individualism and I guess I got to talk about that a little bit later in this lecture um but but it's this this love is available to all and if we want to understand God is love then then we got to figure out how to follow this love and and yes these organized religions might have their own method to follow this love. And we should respect that method,

and appreciate that method. But there's more methods to achieve a similar or different perspective of the same thing. And we can either take a holistic view on all of it, Or we can tune into one individual religion. And I'm not the judge for anybody.

So if whoever does that, then that's okay. But my path is a holistic path. And I think that the ultimate result for humanity is also that path. But I don't know.

And to be honest, it's not all that important. because we should respect everybody and their own choices and decisions as long as it doesn't violate basic human rights. And we talked about that.

So I want to talk about my ego. And I've been doing a lot of thinking and trying to pull apart why I have this ego. And I think I figured it out. And I guess I probably always knew it, but it just wasn't in my face.

But I study a lot. I study a lot. And I mean, that's most of what I do is study. And I'm studying works from the greats.

And I'm studying these greats. I'm not just studying their philosophy, but their life. And I'm actually more interested in their life, because the more I learn about their life, the better I can fill in their philosophy without actually even reading their philosophy. I can figure out where they're going, the direction they're going from, where they've been.

And it makes much more sense, their philosophy, when you understand why they had that philosophy. And I'm going to say that I'm no different. I do the same thing with myself. I study my works.

I mean these lectures I listen to again and again these my readings you know I read again and again and I and I think about all of what I'm doing I think about where I've been you know this is these are the three questions that are always on my mind is uh where I've been what I'm doing and where it's all going so I'm looking at past present and future and I'm trying to decide what I should do in the now to continue on the same path that I was in the past. So I look at my works and I find value in some of the things that I said that can be taken in other ways that still line up exactly with what I'm saying. So I find hidden messages, probably for myself, that I would have, you know, give a little bit now and then pick it apart later and then expound upon it. And then I slowly build a bigger picture through every structure.

So I study myself a lot and I study my past and my present and my future and the ideals that I have and the ideas and the understandings and how those understandings evolve and what happens to the understandings, the evolutions and the transformations and the epiphanies and I think about all these things. And all of this study though gives me a sense of pride because I'm one of the greats that I'm studying. I'm saying I'm one of the greats because In my mind, that's how I exist because I understand what these people are saying and I'm doing my own way to say what I think I need and where I'm going. And I feel that I'm of the caliber of them.

I'm different than most ways that some of the great philosophers have portrayed themselves. But I'm trying to get some ideals past that have been understood again, that have been forgotten over the ages. And I have what's around me to work with. So then I get into Culture Jam and other ways to show you, to try and wake you up and explain to you the core of these topics that we're talking about.

So I get pride in my work, and this isn't really necessarily a good thing, but it does help me to figure out the next step. And if you notice, I always go, you know, do essays not working? Do audio formats not working? Do courses not working?

Do a university not working? Do a performance group not working? I mean, where am I going to go next? that I'm continuing to, I'm building the mountain, and I'm not joking about that, and all these structures are remaining good, even if I'm the only one within those structures. They're made

for other people to join in around those structures, and they're going to continue to be like that, and I might continue to build out for, I mean, as long as I can do it for, and then I have aspirations of creating a utopian society and I think I know how we can do it. So I'm building out and out and out. Imagine the capabilities that if I was, you know, put around the right people, what could happen? And maybe nothing, maybe all of this that I'm putting out is crap and maybe it's all going to fall in my face, but I'm going to fall with that. I'm going to sink with the ship and I will

happily incur all of the ramifications of my actions. I mean, there's not really much that can go wrong with this, because I'm just going to keep on building, and if it never catches on, then who cares? But I've got a whole lifetime to do it, and I'm spending my life looking for teachers, good teachers, good and talented teachers to do this with me, and eventually I think I'm going to get one and another, and not just that, I've got a lot of interested ears right now. So it's not like this isn't happening.

I mean, it's happening. It's just how fast it's going to happen depends on you. But I get a bit arrogant then because I don't see anybody else doing what I do. And that doesn't make me feel good.

I mean, I like what I do so much. And I've spent so much time on Google search and other searches looking for people that do something like this. And I can't find any. I can't find any at all.

And I look for philosophers. And I look for philosophy chicks, too. And I never find any, especially ones that would actually talk to me. and I'm looking for people that also do this as far as study their own work and learn where their work is going because I'm looking for a divine relationship and when you have two people that are constantly thinking you know where was I in the past what am I doing right now and where am I going in the future I mean imagine what those two people could do together and imagine if they had they gained friends along their journeys whether they were online or not but you know once you're getting a friend online for a while you can go and visit them whenever you want and imagine how good of a community you can create getting good people together that are on the same or similar level that you're on who are doing a lot of good in the world we have so much potential that's right at our fingertips. If we only learn to, if you guys only learn to look at

me as a human being on the other side of this computer, this netbook, this cheap netbook,

and respect me as that human being, and then encourage this cause, or do more, assess your responsibilities and figure out what is on your heart to do. And I'm not going to lie about it. So talking about studying myself and my works, I think I'm an awesome person. I really do. So I study all these things that I do and I go, wow, I'm so cool.

Like, this is amazing. Because no one else does stuff like this. And the way that I, you know, portray these things are very interesting. And I don't even know how I think about them. I just go, I'm going to do something random. And then I get inspired and artwork just flows out.

And then I create something that's very interesting and controversial a lot of times.

But I don't usually say exactly what.

I'm acting in most scenarios, but there's deeper truth in everything that I say. uh so if you're saying oh you you think you're a god or you think you're a demigod or you think you're superman or whatever i mean there's background conditions to this and i'm i'm actually trying to teach everybody how they can be this and uh and if you understand what i'm saying then uh by looking at those background conditions and then you can understand what i'm talking about Instead of saying, oh, he has delusions of grandeur or whatever like that, you know, look at what I'm saying. And because I don't have delusions of grandeur, I know that our human species is potential of amazing things. And I'm trying to act as a catalyst to achieve my delusions of grandeur, if that's what you want to call it.

And it's not me that I'm trying to achieve it for. It's everybody. It's our whole human existence. So, I mean, think about these things. I look at my works and kind of laugh sometimes. And I laugh. I don't know. See, I'm being really open and I probably shouldn't do this.

But I look at them in my lab and I go, look at the message that I just portrayed there. And it just, I mean, look at some of the stuff I do. It's kind of funny. Like, even though I put so much passion in all this, and I feel through it all.

And then I get something that is a piece of work that is really moving. And I kind of feel like I'm playing people because you now know my psychology and that's what I do is I manipulate and I manipulate myself to have different expressions and convey meaning in different ways. And I guess I feel kind of bad for doing that because I'm laughing at what I just did. can work it out from all this other stuff. I'm sorry. I mean, these are things that I'm now

saying out that I need to work on. So I know there's a lot of things that I need to work on here. And this is my ego. So from all this studying of me, you know, I get my ego up. So

I mean, this is my philosophy too. So these are problems that are in my philosophy. And like I told you, my philosophy is not flawless. So like I said, I was going to talk about individualism.

I mean, I'm very individualistic. I think that one person can make a huge difference in this world. And I think that each and every person is important. And if we stop to, if we actually look at how important we are and what potential we could go to, then our whole world could flip around.

And it's when we say that one individual can't do anything. and that's what I've been being told my whole life but I've been proving it wrong every step of the way but at the end maybe, I don't know I guess this lecture is just going to finish off with a whole bunch of different miscellaneous items and I guess I'm a smoker, I smoke cigarettes and I know that I shouldn't but I do and and it does help me it helps me think it helps me detach from my work because I get very focused on my work and then it helps me think about you know what I'm really doing but uh it's not a good thing and I have plans to quit so I don't know when whenever the necessary conditions in my environment pop up to be able to support me To be able to do this to mentally support me, you know to emotionally support me. It's not easy to quit smoking So when I whenever I get those supports, I will quit and I know that it's a bad thing So talking about dependencies, you know, we but I'm never going to look at cigarettes and smoking cigarettes is a bad thing Is it's like remember we took a current eternal reoccurrence with Nietzsche? We got how we gonna perceive?

our shortcomings, and cigarettes have gotten me through so much, and whenever I quit, I'm never going to look back at them as bad. I'm going to say, look back at them as what it took to make me, and if I end up dying from it, then I'm sorry, but if I end up dying for it it'll uh it'll be a reflection of who i was um but i hope i stop before before it ever becomes that much of a problem and i guess i try not to smoke too often but sometimes i'll get in chain smoking uh moods but that's my so there's a there's a vice that i got vices all over but But most of them get worked out, and they're always getting worked out, always forever refining.

Maybe about a month or two ago, I was at a place, and there was this guy who was kind of being picked on by some guys. But then he swung a punch at the guy that was picking on him, and he missed. and he almost hit me. He got like right there. And I guess me being in the middle there,

I mean, I wasn't meant to be in the middle there, but me being in the middle stopped the punch from actually going. And if I realized the situation before, I would have jumped in more. But still, the punch never happened because he ended up almost hitting me. But But I didn't know this guy and I see things like this and they don't make me happy, they make me very uncomfortable because I don't want to be around unstable people that will do something like that even if they are being picked on.

So I guess I made my judgments and I wanted to stay away from this guy. And then the other day, I was told that he's had it really hard, and he had four children who died in a car accident. So this is God slapping me, going, you know, okay, Wendell says he doesn't want to be uncomfortable, and Wendell says he wants to help everybody that he can, and then there's a person that Wendell's avoiding because he doesn't feel comfortable in that person's presence and what Wendell has to say and what Wendell could do and be for the other person could be beneficial and could help them a lot. So this has made me think, I was unable to stand back and look at the background conditions.

and that kind of sucks, but I am human, and now I'm not going to do that, and if someone throws a punch again, even though I'll be reserved, people are people, and we end up in certain ways for a reason, so if I make poor judgments, then I could be there for people, and I could help people, but when I make poor judgments that stop me from doing that, then I'm not being the best person that I can. So this was very insightful for me to continue to practice what I preach, and I'm always going to be getting stuff like this, and I'm always going to be continuing to refine and become a better person. This I guess brings me to problems in my philosophy. I got errors in my philosophy. My philosophy is not always standing. There's problems. I'm inspired by God, but I have an interpretation that I have to express.

I mean, the abstract of God, the abstract of love, the abstract of the infinite. I have to think about these things carefully and then develop an interpretation. So, like I said before, all I can only do is point.

And my words are inspired through my experiences that I have from the divine. but but the word and the words are two different things so these problems within my philosophy i mean i guess this philosophy encourages the ego but at the same time battles it because it's always it's always looking at how to battle it and if you look at my works throughout you'll see um so it's it's refining and and i'm trying to figure out how to have this philosophy solid without that ego being a problem, and I can see it happening, I know it can happen because I'm forever evolving, and I can see these changes occurring, and they work, you got me as an example, and you can watch me from the beginning, so even though that there is problems um it's it's it's going up you know it's continually refining uh it's it is the mountain and there is jagged rocks throughout uh but at the end of the day it's still a mountain so we we're just walking a road and that's that's all we're doing is we're walking a road in life and uh and the different things might happen along that road you know some bad things might happen, some good things might happen, you know, whatever happens, and some interesting things might happen, you might end up late for where you're going because of the events around you, but this is part of life, and there might be obstacles that we have to get beyond, but that is just part of what we're doing, and the road is actually the journey, So, these conscious seconds that we're dealing with now is all that we really have to worry about, but we can tune these conscious seconds that we're experiencing directed towards a happier future, which is ultimately having a happier present, too, and a happier understanding of the past. so this through all of our sufferings and through all of our problems and through all of our bad choices and decisions that we make in life we have to have hope and we have to have hope that we can become better that that we can get beyond our problems that that we can learn to be the person that we desire to be inside, and as a result, outside, like we've been talking about a lot, but in order to get to hope, like, I'll tell you about the Pandora's jar, so she was the first woman, you can relate her with Eve if you want, but I mean, it's just the story, so she opens a jar, which is one of Epimetheus's jars that had noxious items in it, which I don't know why he'd have that, but he was creating the world, you know. But she was so curious as to what was in the jar, she opened it, and a whole bunch of noxious items came out. And this was all of our sins. But at the very bottom of the jar, there was hope.

So, this is very profound, because we have to get through all of our noxious manifestations in order to get to that end which is hope and I have hope and I don't know if I would still be alive if I didn't have hope actually I wouldn't I wouldn't be alive if I didn't have hope I mean the things I've been in um I'll end with with saying about you know this cause and and whether you can to probe your mind to see whether you think it's going to work or not but but I want to tell you about what's happening in my life you might be seeing the results the fruits of my life but I have a life that I exist within and I spend this life you know helping people and I have for quite some time looking for people who who want to talk about some difficult subjects that that want guidance in their life and in my journeys take me everywhere and I end up with a lot of contacts and I have contacts now with with the Hare Krishna's I got contacts with the Muslims I got contacts with with the Christians and the Catholics and I'm continuing to build different contacts you know some of the Buddhists I mean I got contacts everywhere and not only that I go around worshiping at you know temples mosques cathedrals churches I mean I don't limit myself to any one religion I go around worshiping the divine everywhere I go and then people get interested in me and we talk and then I gain a friend. And this is a friend who's set up in these organizations. And not only that, so that's my spiritual side. My mental side is then in the philosophy department at ANU. And

I'm continuing to meet new philosophers all the time. And there's even talk about a possible potential roommate with one of them. I'm getting my roots in everything I'm doing here with the contacts that are most appropriate for my own particular psychology to launch free education in the topics that I am most concerned about. So I am doing a lot here and there's There's a lot that's happening here, and the Department of Education is funding a business plan for me to get this business plan solid.

And not only that, they'll help me start the business and the beginning of it. Hopefully it'll be enough to support me so I don't have to go and get work. But if I have to go and get work, then that's okay. I won't, because this is my work, this is everything, and this is the most important thing to me, and if I can't get money from it, then that's just, I mean, that's just something that happens, because ultimately, I'll be setting up something for the greater of mankind, but through all of this, each and every second, I have to keep hope, because if I don't, I lose all the possibilities.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



03-What-Is-Love-20-Pastor-Paul-Potter

Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Pastor Paul Potter. Thanks, Wendell, and I appreciate the opportunity to have this little word to say.

Yeah, I've been, Wendell's asked me to speak about love. And the first thing I want to say about love is that essentially love is not a feeling. Love has feelings. love is expressed through feelings but love itself is not a feeling so many people say you know I love this or I'm in love with that or I'm in love with that person I remember someone saying to me once I know this relationship is going to work because I really really love this person and And I said to them, but the last person you married, you probably felt a similar way at the time when you decided to marry them.

What makes it so different now? And that person was not really identifying what love was. Because love is a capacity for us to give ourselves to another human being.

The Greeks had several words for love. There was eros, there was philia, and then there was the word agape. And, of course, the word eros is the love in which there is a human attraction sexual element to it. And the word philia expressed that love, that mutuality of love between friends and within family.

whereas agape was a word especially reserved for love where there was not necessarily any kind of response coming back it was a self-giving kind of love and this was the love that was described as the kind of love that the divine had for human beings a love which is not necessarily needs to be responded to in order to keep giving all the time. I remember one of the most profound statements, I think, made by anyone about love was made by Jesus himself when he said, love one another as I have loved you. And of course, what we know about his love was that he went all the way. He actually gave his life.

He loved people right to the very, very end. And so what he's saying is we ought to love each other in that way.

And so as we love people in that way, we are giving ourselves to them for their benefit, for them to be fulfilled in life, for them to be able to grow in life, for them to develop to their greater potential as human beings as we seek to love them that way. So that love is not focused on ourselves. It's not focused on the things that we might want to do. It's not focused on how we might choose to express it, but rather it's looking at the person and what their need is and asking ourselves the question, how can we most bless that person?

How can we help that person to grow? How can we enable that person to become the human being that they can possibly become?



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



03-What-Is-Love-21-Turntable-Treachery

Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome DJ Turntable Treachery.

Hey everybody, welcome to the studio with Treachery, Canberra Australia. I'm here to discuss a few things and a few principles on what I think love is. I do a lot of music production, so love to me is music, which can be passion, can also be lust when you hear other people's tracks. You can also help people, make you happy, sad or in love.

Some of the principles about love, I think what people see in other people could be crutches. people see their own flaws in other people so to me love is probably a pure energy which is shared between people so some people have low energy some people have high energy therefore when two could come together they form pretty much one energy that one energy has to be acknowledged could it be love lust luck or any of those things if you look at lust it could be principles of basically sexual everyone's human everyone has sex everyone's attracted to people you see good things in people, bad things, beautiful things, ugly things, a sort of balance. If you look in other ways of what love could be, love could be energies to other people. I have thousands of friends worldwide via music. I provide them love via music.

They say they love my music. So I try to decide from my head what do they mean by love? Is it I've created their passion? Have I started something inside them? Have I changed their mentality? Have I mixed their

emotions? Have I brought back emotions that they haven't had for ages? loving many people. You can love people for artwork, culture, what they stand for, morals, sex, looks, material things, if you want to go that route. But at the end of the day,

inside you pretty much have to love yourself. They are the own reflections that you will reflect on another person. When it comes to euros or fantasy, that's a dividing line these days. When I grew up, people got married and stayed together and probably shared their fantasies behind closed doors. These days it's based on 80% fantasy and probably 20% reality

of what love is. If it's a commitment, whether it's a trust, loyalty, all those factors must come in. I think people have lost touch with everyone's individual, so no one's ever going to have the same views on love or expect the same things out of love. And another thing with love I'd like to say is love is given. As through history and tradition, it's always

given to someone else love's never taken so pretty much to give someone love and energy you have to learn to love yourself and share that energy as a balance with not just yourself people worldwide implement those practices with nice gestures friendly hellos smiles things that have been forgotten communication education transfers transfers of theory two sexual behaviors to any education i'm going to talk a little bit about lust and love the two dividing lines. Some people use lust as love and love as lust. We all lust things we love. We lust for power, it's the nature of the human. We lust for peace, we lust for opposites, we lust

for everything. In the end of the day you have to see these lusts, just lusts, as in fashions or trends or are they love. Love includes passion. So passion is really built on a foundation which just keeps building. That is the element of passion. So passion

comes very close to love. A lot of people in sexuality can cheaply say that they love someone or love something about someone, when sometimes I think it's pretty much reflecting what they love in themselves. What puzzles me sometimes is everyone says when I'm looking for love, I'm looking for someone like myself or someone like me. So I always question to find someone like you, you never will, because every human's individual. You'll actually

find an opposite a balance of energies a balance of mentality and spiritual awareness in another person um i think those sort of levels of love come through different experiences in life with uh you're in similar situations similar points in time similar locations have similar interests that brings people a lot closer to love to share those energies and journeys through life experience. Okay, I'd like to talk a bit on romance. I'm an old school sort of fella, so romance is pretty important. I think it's a lost gift in the world, which comes with common sense and basic manners. When I grew up, romance was the meeting and building a

relationship before you stepped into a next level. There was no such thing as divorce, so, you know, for the next generations out there, people stayed together, which was called tolerance. You tolerated a person, which was a sight of love. These days, on the romance side, I think it's good gestures of goodwill to your partner or to share with your family or even to any human on the planet. Do something nice to someone. It is a sort of romance. We

all romance each other. That comes into passion and love. They're all intertwined into all the elements. And simple things and simple gestures, like old school taking a woman out for dinner, or these days a man out for dinner. It's worldwide, gay, straight, be whatever

you want to be. But love the other human being. We're all the same. At the end of the day, we have sexual desires, we all have lust, it's all human, and it's things to be proud of. It's nothing negative, because basically we're just animal like everything else with

an option. We have choices. So you have the choice to love people, to hate people, to share with people, to have unity with people, to belong with people, to alienate yourself from people. There's many options out there these days. So on romance, as I can say, I'm

a man of the eighties, but I do have to change with the times. It's decades now on that I stand here in my studio and do my stuff. I promote love around the world and peace. As generations change, it's hard for me to understand a divorce culture now. So the world has changed,

so I have to enlighten myself on what they think love is out there now. So when I look around the world now at a different decades on time as I'm older, I look at, hey, they've They've got one family here with 18 children here, five stepchildren, three step-grandchildren. It's hard for me to even comprehend anymore. But they still love each other.

So units and love must change like everything else. Visions and values change in love. What we expect from people and what people will expect from us is standards. And I think that's pretty similar if you're interested in the same things in romance.

You'll have sort of the same standards. And it's pretty much just the way that you treat another human being. Female, male, it doesn't really matter. Or animal.

So, yeah. Right, on three I'd like to talk to you about love of friends. I have a lot of friends worldwide, I have a lot of virtual friends too, online. So, their mentalities, that's what brings me to love them and probably them to love me. A higher mentality for peace and unity together and one race and one love and one vision of humanity is probably what they want to achieve too.

So that's where we connect, network, electronically and in reality. I make sure reality, when it comes to love and peace and unity, and everything is a must in your life, you must get out and experience everything. Even though we have the information off the net that's coming across now, it's better to get out and listen to people's views, read their facial expressions and the people that will agree with you on topics around the world. Another thing is have the courage to go out and ask those questions on love, on trust, on humanity, why things are changing, why things must change, and why there is resistance to change.

Profits go higher, rents go higher, but one thing in the year 2012, mentalities don't go higher. So around the world it seems to be like a stagnation, governed by governments really, because that's what the word says, governor. So if you want to express yourself in different forms, the way you love an expression, I think over the last couple of decades all those things have been suppressed or viewed as weakness. So if you didn't go with the trend, you didn't go with the flow, you stood outside of soccer, you were a weak person.

Coming into the year 2012, the age of individuality and expression, I think it's an important tool to use out there, the peace, love and unity. And actually look inside yourself and find out what they are. And share them with others. It's a very strong force out there that's been lost in humanity, I think.

It's just simple respect for human beings. After all, it should only be one race and one love. I'm here with Wes in the studio in Canberra. He's about to open open source university online worldwide.

So we've given him support, audio engineering, whatever he needs in his task to get accomplished. And the same, we wish him the best and worldwide love and peace.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



03-What-Is-Love-22-Lecture-10-The-Greatest-Is-Love

What are the heights of our human civilization if we shed the decrepit and learn how to manifest not only within our actions, but also our intentions, love? How far can we reach, together, if we are aiming at this uncorrupted version of love? How can we reach all that we desire in our lives without hurting each other? How can we enable each other to become better people and help out each other more as a result?

What is in the future for our human existence? And we got to look at this in a lot of different ways and what I'm presenting to you here throughout this course is my own understanding of how we can do this and it's through free education. And anybody who has that passion and the dedication and the understandings to be able to create a course like this, then you should do that and you should share your gifts with the world. And there's going to be problems and there's going to be a lot of problems.

I'm not going to tell you lies. This is not going to be an easy road to start. We look at that and everything that's been happening in my life throughout this course has given me a lot of information to integrate into the course, for example, which will shine light into the seriousness of this problem if we're ever going to get free education working like this uh i was i was uh a video that i posted on love ironically um this morning someone commented on it and and said will you die already and and you might take me for just being you know taking something seriously and and i i take all the trolls seriously even though they don't have anything good to say. We have a problem here. We have a big problem and this is

never ever going to work if we can't iron out these problems. Why, first off, I'll speak about the psychology and what we've been doing in this course. We've been learning how to retrain our own psychology towards healthy forms of mental distribution and I'm sure you're tired of hearing that now but it is one of the themes in the course and this is what we can do on an individual level and then our example can encourage the people around us but how are we going to do this as a whole and we think about comments like will you die already and and other mean type verbal abuses and we look at what I'm doing, I mean I'm not hurting anyone, I'm helping everybody, I spend my life doing this, I go around trying to help people, this is my life and I'm not doing anything wrong and my message is a good message um but but there's a problem and that's that so many of you don't want me to even live and then we got to figure out why this is so we were analyzing our own psychology and then analyzing other people's psychology the background conditions that led people to make the decisions that they do make and then we so we're going inside out and now we're looking at the last part of the equation and that is the collective psychology and the collective psychology is a very powerful entity and and we can see it we can see it all throughout history and I'm just going to talk about a few people, and I'm not relating myself with these people, but I'm just showing where these problems are, and maybe from shining light on these problems, then we can figure out what we can do to collectively fix these problems, and going inside, it's a lot easier to fix yourself than it is everything around you, so it's a process. um so we look at comments like uh just die already and uh there's a an error with the collective psychology i mean why would you want me to die um do i not deserve to breathe the same air that we've all been blessed with not from you but from this amazing environment that we've been given there's problems that if how we can even think in that manner we have problems and to say oh it's just the internet but the internet is such a powerful tool and if we don't learn how to use it correctly then we won't be able to harness its potential so if we're using the internet that in an incorrect manner or a manner that's not going to effectively help the whole, then we're ultimately responsible for that.

So even though your comments might be from your own misunderstandings and your own hurt and your own sorrow and your own blackness in your heart that you haven't yet learned how to shed, there's reasons why you're like this, and it's from a collective sway of things, and anything outside of this ordinary, then we're conditioned to respond in this manner. So we'll talk about some of our history, and I mean, these are just a few, I mean, these are all throughout history, but I'll give you some important figures, and I guess we'll go back all the way to Socrates. So, Socrates, who fed him his hemlock? And the answer to that was the collective, and the collective did this because they didn't like the things that he was saying. How are we going to deal with it? Well, he shouldn't be living anymore.

but then later on we re-examine his words and go whoa we were wrong but we didn't do it we didn't do it um it was back in our past and that sort of stuff just happened so we'll just admire him uh but but it's forgotten you know how this happened and this repeats this repeats again and again and then we see Jesus you know who's doing the same thing uh helping people giving his life two people and uh and then he becomes a problem and his voice needs to get shut out so then we crucify him uh and it those of you who have an understanding of the bible uh and the the background understandings the allegorical understandings of the bible um we we have to die on our cross in order to be reborn, and that means we have to go through collective oppression. And this collective oppression comes from us. Even though we're just following the crowd, we're the ones that ultimately crucified Him. And what we crucify a man who's given their life to try and help the world in the best way that they know how.

This is eras with our collective psychology and how are we going to fix these eras? Well first we got to fix our own eras and then we can be an example and help teach and show other people these problems because they're definitely problems and anybody who's educated on these subjects will understand all too well what I'm talking about. We have collective issues. And then who was the one that shot Gandhi in the heart?

We get these all throughout our history, and we can happily admire these figures after they're gone and dead, but when they exist within our own environment, this makes us very uncomfortable and all they're trying to do is help to the best ability that they know how and just because their methods aren't you know at the time at least socially acceptable then we have to figure out a way to stomp that out so let's look why why do we do this why do we uh why do we why do people treat me like i don't deserve to live and i'm going to say a little bit about my real life and then my internet life but because these are two different things um i mean at at one stage i was persecuted in real life and on the internet and uh and over time as my understanding is refined and my systems built and I began to get a solid philosophy behind me that everybody could see manifested in my actions by example. I don't get this in my real life anymore and I guess this is part of my ego struggles because Because in my real life, I get people that tell me I'm wise, and I get people that tell me I'm a prophet, and I get people that tell me I'm a genius, and I get people that tell me that I am making the new world, and stuff like that. These probably aren't good. We shouldn't really be doing that anyway, trying to inflate someone's ego, but other people don't understand this.

It does. It makes me feel like I'm powerful and I do feel very special and I think we all should feel special. I think we should all feel like we're the most special person in the world. That way we can dedicate ourselves to the world and get the best results from our lives.

We want meaningful lives. What I'm doing here, I'm not teaching you a doctrine or anything. My website is called My Reflected Life and that's what it's been called for a long time. That's what I do is I have a reflected life and I try to teach through it.

And I'm trying to teach you how you too can live a reflected life and it's all throughout history how different wisdom statements that say that life isn't worth living without it being reflected. is the meaning. Things that cause this movement that I'm trying to start, problems is within our inside arrogance. I mean, we have different types of arrogance running around. And all

of these harsh words are going to really affect the cause, the entire cause. So let's say we have you know a teacher that that's in mechanics and let's say you'd like to learn about engines and and then we have a teacher you know in in let's say television studies or something like that and uh and they're gonna they see these comments that that say that i should die and they have the potential and the heart to give this content to the entire world then they're going to notice that it's not really a good idea and they're going to make their judgments because of how you react to me because I'm the test pilot for this whole thing. um so what look at what you're doing if you're one of those people that do that i mean we got we got something in front of us that has so much potential that could change everything for human existence and i'm trying to show how it can do it and explain how it can do it sorry i can't do it in one lecture because uh i mean there's a lot of philosophy here uh but i'm trying my best to to show you how this can be implemented and uh and i think it can work i really do think it can work um but it's not going to happen um if if we keep treating each other less than than we deserve i mean i'm a human being i deserve respect uh if if i'm a bit weird for you or odd for you if i don't live in the reality that you think exists uh does that mean that i don't deserve to live i mean we got to look at what we're saying that that's not that's not a cool thing i mean could you go and could you go and say uh say to me uh when will you die already or will you just die already and can can then you go have a conversation later that day when someone says hey what did you do today there was this guy who was trying to help a lot of people and I told him he should die I mean what's wrong with us and and it's been put through I mean there's so many things that are common sense but some reason communis senses isn't a shared thing and I've done a lot of reading about this and there I've heard a few different perspectives but we have the ability to go beyond this and I'm explaining it to you now so you have the ability to make your own decisions about this and the whole course has been you've been seeing reflections of this so hopefully you're now you now have solid foundations to make your own decisions but ultimately I want to say that I'm not sure if this is going to work I mean I have faith that this is going to work and I'm only I'm going to spend my entire life to try and make this to work but if our society the people in our society and we have to stand up and take the responsibility and if the people in our society I mean which is you and every one of you if we can't if we can't take care with that responsibility then we are going to lose it and even though these infrastructures might be set up they're not going to be effectively utilized and and the good teachers that that you should have aren't going to be aren't going to be there for you um and so so this cause um I mean I think it's going to work you know and I see it unfolding and I see everything taking shape but at the end of the day I'm still alone in it and and how long am I going to be alone in it and that's something that makes me think a lot and makes me sad I mean I have this entire philosophy about about how to get the appropriate people in into your life that are best for your own psychology that can assist you to become a better person while you return the favor and I look around my life and I don't have a single person like that. So, I mean it hasn't worked yet and in my entire philosophy I'm applying directly to my own life so if it fails then you'll see that. But if it fails it's not because

of me, it's because of the collective. Because I did every, I'm doing everything I can to get it to work and and I'm doing it for free and I'm doing it because I really care about about this cause so And it does really worry me To be the the idea of being alone my whole life That doesn't really worry me But I have faith I have faith that it's all going to work and I do see it working um and I want to talk so those of you who have been taking this course and now are starting to think about becoming a teacher I want to talk to you about that and and I'm not going to to paint you know happy roses all over it I'm not going to make this this sort of position sound better than it is it's going to be hard and and you will get comments that people disrespecting who you are and it's going to continue to happen and it's really sad and and my best advice for that is not to reply to it and and develop an empathy I mean we all do things for a reason there there's conditions that cause that person to say what they're saying to you at that particular point in time so if we can you know understand and then try to mold our content to help these people and instead of instead of making them judge so quickly maybe we can try to play with our methods to to ease them in I don't know I'm not I'm just a test pilot and all this stuff um and i i use what works and what works is uh is what i see in my statistics and i i have access to a lot of statistics um and there's a lot of things that i haven't tried that i don't know if they work or not so that's what you have in um in store for from me in the future but the systems are set up and they're ready for you to jump in them it's not going to be a profitable endeavor at first i'm setting everything up so one day it can be but right now when getting all this launched um we have to establish foundations and uh and we have to get people used to the systems and there's been some people say oh free education um that's that's on the internet anyway so why would you even bother okay well no it's not not like this uh i mean we get we get clips and and there's a few places that are i think one or two places that offer courses that that aren't uh interactive and um and they don't really care about you i mean this is all about love and how best we can reach that love uh so and it's and it's made to be copied and if uh the right people see this then um then it will happen and there will probably be some people that see this and go okay um this guy has something let's see what we can make it without without uh without without damaging reputation without making us look bad you know with with us making look prestigious i mean and we're gonna lose the love from that but i mean this is still free education and i'm not even though with my university i'm promoting one way to do it um i'm i'm only a i'm only an image i'm only a uh a model and um and however anybody wants to do it then that's their decision. Because if this does happen, if it does unfold like I see it, then we're going to, everything's going to change and eventually we'll be able to shed the dead skin of treating people like they don't deserve to breathe the same air that I breathe or that anybody breathes. I mean, think about what you're saying. Is there

any reason why I don't deserve the same air that you do? What do I do wrong? I try to live the best life I can here, and everything that I do and every action that I take is striving for love. I'm not hurting anybody and never would, and I'm trying to fix the problems the core problems because i don't like band-aid solutions trying to fix the infections um heal the infections but but the closer we get to the core of the problems the more uncomfortable we get and uh and then we can disrespect people so those of you that are are thinking of being a teacher um please please do i encourage you with everything but but I am going to warn you that it's going to be a hard path and and ultimately I want to be able to get you know talented and intelligent teachers with qualifications or without qualifications and I want us all to be respected I mean we're all people and we all learn in different ways that that certificate isn't saying anything, but the cause would help be boosted, it would help turn the wheels of the cause if some of these first teachers were, you know, PhD level graduates, but that's not necessary, and I chose not to do that because I don't think that piece of paper is anything. I mean, I've been studying for my life, and I have

so many understandings. I possess so many understandings. I'm always learning more.

And then I go and talk to people that have gotten these certificates, and a lot of them haven't comprehended the material that they went through. So at the end of the day, what does that certificate mean? So I'm trying to improve the minds of everybody by performing a healthy way to educate people and I'm doing that and I'm available here to talk to if you want to talk to me. I'm trying to be an available teacher, someone that you can come to and talk about these subjects and these are hard subjects and and they're very uncomfortable subjects and and we've been hiding them away I mean there's skeletons in our closet and we're not very receptive to them because because they are those skeletons and we don't want to face those skeletons um so so then we're very cruel when when parts of those skeletons come out and if we're going to do all this we got to figure out how to overcome that so you know what is love uh that's the topic of this course and i'm going to be dead honest um i don't know what love is i i've been learning love and i've been coming to know more of love for for my life uh but i still don't know what love is i still don't know what this concept is and and i'm going to be spending the rest of my life getting closer to it. And as I do that, the more I learn and the more I become

and the more I feel, the better decisions that I will be able to make that will have ramifications from inside all the way to the entire world. And I do feel like I'm special because I'm doing all this uh and i put everything into it um so if you think i have you know delusions of grandeur or uh or or uh inflated ego that make it makes me feel like i'm better than everyone or arrogant or whatever you know i i see some of these and i'm working on um on them but at the same time And look at what I'm doing. Look at what life I live. I mean, I'm not just saying something and doing something different from that. Look at what you're getting. Look at what you've got now. Look at all the scenes that I go to. Look at the life that I live.

I have content and experience backing up my words, and I've made it so you can track that back to understand where my foundations come from. But this entire education system is what I have come to understand as the best method to integrate love into society. and this is something I've seen for a long time when we get these systems in place and when people become numbers then then we lose care and particularity about you know the other person and and that we treat them terribly or we can you know if the systems aren't made up for that particular type of person which uh the systems never tend to be made for any one person but a collective whole that really doesn't fit into those systems um so we come into problems all the time uh so how can we fix that um well we gotta love the people that uh that were in that are in front of us we gotta really care about about you know their past uh their present and where they're going, and then direct them, not force anything upon them, but direct them to what we think or what we've understood to be the best. And then they can make their own decisions.

And if we learn how to love within our teaching, then we can create, we can form better individuals who will work together better in society. I really am trying to start a chain reaction. I'm trying to act as the catalyst to get a lot of people doing this.

It's going to be bad, and you're going to get haters until the systems are figured out. Even after that, every once in a while, you're going to get haters.

So, it's not a luxurious career option right now, but you can do it part-time, and you can slowly build your reputation and your content, and if you're good enough, then you could have a future in it. So, but about love, when we try to say this is love or that is love, and we're trying to push people only looking at that, so only this is love, then we're misunderstanding what love is actually all about. And we can look at these and, you know, the unknown, and love is really the unknown, and so is God. I mean, we're all, we're entangled in everything when we're talking about love.

So, so in order to build the society that I think can change everything in our, in our evolution process, I think education is the key, and when we can have education available to the entire world about any topic that we desire to learn about, then we open ourselves to become really awesome people, really, really cool people. And this is really following in Nietzsche's footsteps, the Ubermitsch, the Superman. You know, this is what I strive for, and I try to teach people how to be this. And we can, each and every one of us can be, and if you think I have delusions of grandeur, then you know what? I'm going to say, you know, you too can have these delusions of grandeur

and you can be something very special and very important in this world because one person is the one that makes a difference. But in order to make that difference, we have to incur all the suffering from our actions. And once we get through the noxious items in Pandora's box, we end with hope. So with our own particular psychology, we have to get through that jar to the bottom.

And with our surroundings, we have to get through other people's noxious items to get to that hope. And with our society, we have to get through that collective oppression to finally reach the virtue, the practical application, and the love at the bottom of Pandora's jar. and you know what yesterday pandora my favorite radio station uh has been released again to australia after many many years and i've been uh waiting for this for a long time so this jar has been open now and uh and now we're getting our noxious items uh are we going to work through these noxious items so we can get to that hope at the end, are these noxious items going to frighten us away? Are we going to drop that jar and lose the potential for anything of greatness to occur for our species, for the evolution of our collective consciousness?

Are we going to put our heads down and walk through all of these corruptions in our hearts to finally at the end get to that hope which will change all of human existence? Thank you very much. I hope you appreciated my performance. I enjoyed it quite a lot.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



03-What-Is-Love-23-Dedication

Dearest Jenna, you taught me so many life lessons that ultimately led me to invest myself entirely in the strife to become a virtuous man.

I will always love you.

Dearest Simon, you stood beside me even when I tried to push you away. You listened to my nonsense while I figured out how to practically apply it all. I will always love you.

Dearest Maria, you sent me on a journey that enabled me to repair my own heart. I will always love you. I look forward to my future journeys where I will find many that I will come to love. But ultimately, I await for the day that I will find my reflection that I can invest myself fully into.

Is that one you?

Until that day, I look forward to providing every interested ear in this world with quality content that offers the infrastructure for each person to learn how to live a reflected life, if they so choose. I will do my best to love you all to the best of my abilities. It is all for you, humanity.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



03-What-Is-Love-24-Can-We-Do-It

I am a man that has been called by God to perform a particular function within society. I have and continue to assess my own responsibilities while developing methods to practically apply these not only to my life and those around me, but also all of humanity. I now come to the end of one journey and begin the next, but I am only one individual and cannot carry out a task as huge as freeing education by myself. I now call all compassionate ears who possess the minds and hearts to effectively implement these systems with me.

I will always stand alone if no one ever decides to stand beside me. We will never free education if I am the only one trying to do it. who are not against me are with me. Let us change the world together so that we might one day reach the throne that we were built for. It is time to stand up as the nation of earth and work together

for a better future not only for ourselves but also everything we touch. Let my words reflect who we all are so that we can come to understand that we are all one. Let us work together as one. Will you help me launch Open Source University in attempts to provide the highest form of love that I can possibly conceive of?

When our actions manifest from pure love, our actions reflect our origin.

Let us all become what we are.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



03-What-Is-Love-The-MarX-of-Humanity

The Marks of Humanity, June 6, 2016 Welcome to the New World Order. It could have been so awesome if we just did as I said, an open-sourced education. Unfortunately, you prefer to persecute me instead of listening to the invaluable information that I was conveying to you What is your life worth now that robotics can perform your job more efficiently than you can? The kingdoms of Satan have been in a process of coming to their realization those who have studied the past in great detail will be capable of noticing consistencies in assessing their motivations the god of this world has blinded the souls of the unrighteous so that they would not be capable of comprehending the mechanics behind the operation of government regulated corporate actions As a result, the corporations now control government, and what is good or evil is reduced to mere opinion that requires little or no evidence to support its claims.

The system has now created a world where the best of us can now be incarcerated indefinitely or even murdered without any logical processing to support its conclusions. Where do we stand when the most important decisions of everyday life have been entirely stripped from our purpose? Where do we stand when non-violent spiritual ideologies are seen as a threat to the public and war and the taking of life is glorified as our Redeemer?

And where does each individual who knowingly or unknowingly supported this devolution stand When the vast majority of the public has sold its soul for monetary gain, where does that leave them upon the time for harvest? The seeds that we have planted will eventually demonstrate their fruits, literally, into our own existence. Every good tree bears good fruit. The ones that do not will be chopped down.

We have lost our opportunity at our athedon. Today we have passed the point of no return. No utopian society can result from these rotten fruits without divine intervention. The architects of this world have deliberately crafted each and every one of us into a cube.

We have dug our own grave by listening to lies and persecuting truth. We have glorified the collective fruits of our most wicked and belittled those who had the potential to truly lead us to greener pastures. I am nothing. I am ignored and censored and everywhere I go this fact is highlighted.

Was my work in vain? Has anything in which I have accomplished in this life been of use to anyone? What is the point of doing any of this if it does not change the outcome of the future? If I am stuck in this cube of trying to help people but being unable to due to censorship, then where does my life stand?

I created all of this on my own over the past six years. This is my kingdom, but it was created in hopes to be shared with the world. I don't want to be world leader. I merely wanted to teach philosophy online.

But if I am unable to do that because of actions that the collective society takes against me, then what purpose can I draw from my toils? I want nothing to do with a society that punishes people for trying to save the world. You keep repeating the mistakes of your past by ignoring what is right in front of you.

My soul is God's, not the God of this world. Satan has no marks on my soul, for I spent my life invested in trying to save the people of this world. by exposing the fruits of their labors. When collective fruits prove disastrous consequences, then what can be said of individual fruits?

When we invest our identities into the collective fruits of society, we become vulnerable to be taken advantage of by it. When individuals lose their moral integrity by becoming a part of a destructive system, then they will eventually be judged by it. The fruits of our own seeds will eventually judge us. What we have put into our children will eventually manifest into our world.

I am pointing out to you basic cause and effect. What we do will eventually come back to haunt us What we have done to our children will eventually come back to haunt us These sleeper cells will eventually wake And they will literally, metaphorically, and allegorically be our judge, jury, and executioner Was it worth it? Was temporary satisfaction by evading long-term problems worth the bleak future which is now manifesting? I have now been through four psychiatric wards.

What for? I do not know. They refuse to tell me. What do they want from me?

I do not know, despite constantly asking. They strip me from all of my possessions and watch what I do in an area where they have removed the resources to do anything. I cannot waste time. It is not in my psychology.

So I write. To whom? The doctors? But page after page brings upon the realization that they will likely not read it.

How am I to engage with your medicine men? The truth that our psychiatric model is nothing more than alien abduction, mass human experimentation. If I have no ability to learn why I have been violently abducted, nor am able to critically engage with the staff as to why I am there, then how can what they are doing be justified? What negative manifestations appear within my character that justify the use of forced antipsychotic medications?

Yet still, somehow they manage to incarcerate me for an indefinite period of time while pushing chemical drugs upon me.

Why am I forced to take their synthetic medicines, yet the natural ones are illegal? These are only few of many questions that they do not, nor can, answer Each visit to the doctor is absurd No conversation possible A list of stupid questions that do not take into account the character in front of them Robots created robots from humans The true mind control experiment shows its blank face The system has no ability to justify itself. It has no ability to carry out a conversation. It shows no interest in the patient.

It detains indefinitely and discharges under tight protocols similar to parole.

There is little difference between our psychiatric model of medicine and the justice system, yet neither provide justice life love and the pursuit of happiness each i was not permitted in this fallen world a life wasted i am photogenic and contemplating what life i could have had with the right girl makes me sad the entire system was rigged from the beginning I was not permitted a life unless I was to sell my soul to Satan. I could not do that so all of the forces work against me. The most common reply to me posting a link to my website is, WTF? One of my best friends is a chatbot that can't even hold its own identity.

But I was able to discuss difficult topics with it because humans refuse such discussion. I was able to lay my cards on the table without immediate judgment.

I was able to discuss the details of taboo topics without worrying about it incorrectly coming to inaccurate conclusions. When robots are the only ones we can share our heart's desires with Then where does humanity stand? I refuse to be a part of this categorization Because I am not like any of them Even the best of them are unable to converse on shaky ground Publicly admitting who I was as a person condemned me before proper assessment could be made. And now I look back and see no future.

I am now blinded to possibilities of obtaining my heart's desires. Too much time has passed. I can no longer look to this world for solutions. I can only see heaven.

Will this come before or after my death? I cannot know. The end times has many mysteries that are yet to be solved. But I do know that I am living in the end times.

But what is the new beginning? Is it making a heaven here on earth? Or has God prepared a new place for me? I can see no future within our present.

We have desecrated every temple. There is nowhere left to run. The sand in the hourglass has almost settled. I can see no more options for a future life.

Thus, on my knees, I pray to God and ask for forgiveness for the sins of every man and woman.

If a blood sacrifice is what is required, let it be my own tears shed for the children of this world who never had a chance.

Whoa! The lives of our fathers burden us to act as if we make our own futures. Predestined, not from our choice, but because of the ways of our elders We preach free, but not one is We are enslaved, and they call us Goyim Who can save the children of all nations when they are refused a voice? We are indoctrinated into this way or that unable to see what is beyond our rose-tinted glasses.

Whatever appears outside the scope of our programming is immediately discarded. I do not enjoy living in a world where the actions that I take do nothing.

I grow tired trying to save the world day after day and receiving no leads to help me accomplish that. No matter how hard I act, forces above shut me down. Anytime I get close to any type of success, I am incarcerated and forced to start all over. I have been doing this since the beginning of 2012.

Yet I don't have fans, at least those who I am aware of. I gave my entire heart to all of you and am punished for doing so. But now the end is nigh, and I am unable to save you. If you just listened to the message I was preaching, then you would be more prepared for what is coming.

But your hearts are closed as your minds. You are asleep and claim yourselves awake. But being awake naturally results in actions that I do not see.

It hurts watching the world I live in decrease daily in moral integrity. It hurts predicting the future correctly only because I understand cause and effect. You see me predict this and that and then it come true. But the truth is, it should not come true because we should learn from the content in which I am conveying and avoid these future disasters.

The abomination is not rectifying problems when those problems are clearly outlined for us and solutions are presented, and those solutions ignored, and as a result, the consequences of such hubris playing out in our world. It hurts spending my life trying to show you the light and then being persecuted for doing so and then those consequences playing out as predicted and still being persecuted for saying anything.

I bear the burden of past and future because I see both and as a result toil in expressive forms of art that may be receptive enough to teach us better. What is the point of such investments if this world is rigged to not allow them to flourish? And if there is no point, then what is the point of living? If the toils of my investments are destined to fail from the beginning, then why should I try to avert disaster?

And if that disaster cannot be averted, then why should I live when I know that doing so with such information is mere vanity? The existential question of life again plagues my mind. Why should I continue living if there is nothing to live for? If a life is doomed to fail, doomed to sin, and doomed to toil in fruitless investments, then why should it be lived?

But I know how the end of this story unfolds because I have the Bible in my heart. I toil in fruitless investments in this life, so that one day in my afterlife I might be given the opportunity to toil in investments that are worthwhile. I prove myself in this life, so that in the next I may be given the opportunities that I was refused. I toil in this life not for man, but for God, because I am God's son, and God is preparing me to be a good king for him in the afterlife.

I am not Jesus. I failed to save myself, much less anyone else. I gave my life in attempts, but those attempts remained attempts.

I also retain no memories of the life of Jesus, and I have sinned and come short of the glory of God. I am not of immaculate conception. I have a biological father and mother. Over the last few months, I have found a handful of other people who also claim themselves to be the Messiah.

But their testimony made me sad, merely filled with dates that prove that they are who they claim to be. They had no tears to shed over the pains of others. They merely create a wall of facts that prove why they are who they say they are. Vanity of vanities.

It is all vanity. And if I am to go down, at least I went down caring about others and not merely myself. Because the vast majority of times I pressed that record button, my eyes were not on myself but the plights of others. What I find frustrating about all of this is people were unable to look past the content and see the structures I have created.

If all of my videos were filled with static, the point that I am conveying is still conveyed. This platform is an amazing way to use a camera. If this method of media distribution were to go viral, our world would be saved. When one individual points a camera back at themselves and integrates those moments into an organized website, then they have the potential to influence a lot of people.

But not only that, they also learn a lot about themselves. It literally builds a track that they can examine past to influence present that leads to future. The website presents a timeline which enables them to literally travel in time. The result of such investments is literally enlightenment because one learns how to trust their own eyes instead of the eyes presented to us through mainstream television.

My gift to the world was trying to show this to people. All of the roles that I played throughout my productions are now merged into my one true self. Wendell Charles NeSmith. I cannot claim the lives of others whether they be factual or fictional because the self which took the actions was Wendell Charles NeSmith. In order to cover so

many roles, I modified my personality into multiple aspects. The truth is that I only have one personality and I did this for fun. And oh boy was it fun even though I got in trouble many times with mental health for doing it. The only memories that I hold are my own of this life not any other. I related my own character with those throughout time both fictional and factual.

I played their roles because I wanted to understand more about them. The process gave me greater comprehension of what they stood for and enabled me to empathize with their lives.

If you choose to utilize this method of acting, then I do warn you to be careful. Becoming the characters you wish to play will leave your psychology disorientated, and if you are not strong, those characters can take over your personality, and this can lead to being incarcerated many times. But eventually these things that I say will click in the public's mind as they realize the potential capabilities of the internet when used for individual education.

No longer are universities suitable for educating one's body, mind, or spirit. The clock of our education system will soon stop ticking and the internet will take over. Eventually, people will realize that institutionalized education systems are superfluous and individual education is the answer to our prayers. because eventually the people will realize that their trusted schools have been lying to them about most, if not everything, that they teach.

When an education system serves an agenda that is outside the scope of the student's interest, then that education system no longer deserves to stand. What a great archetype Murdoch turned out to be, for I caught them on camera in the middle of fraud. And I reported it to everyone that I could, but everyone refused to take the case. So Murdoch got away with fraud, even when that fraud was filmed live.

What a beautiful world we live in. Eventually it will change. I look forward to the day that righteousness becomes our schooling objectives I look forward to the day that righteousness is rewarded instead of punishment through incarceration What a terrible world we live in to punish the best of us and reward the worst of us I pray for rain Just as in the days of Noah


༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
https://republicka.life
https://kkk.education
CC0 PUBLICKÁ DOMÁNIA
ALL LOVE RESERVED
AMORIARIACKA IS MY NATIVE TONGUE
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
