༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
🤍 Ivory Heart 🤍
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻

December 21, 2012


Wendell takes one special little girl on a journey through his nation's heart while teaching her how to save the world.

Pygmalion's heart has been shattered by the vicious spirits of the cruel women that exist within his world. Time after time he pushes himself to trust again but without fail it always backfires. As a result, he retreats into a life of solitude and begins the process of the creation of his highest conception of a woman. At first the project appears childish, but as his ideal develops the more life manifests within her. The woman he piecemeals together from magazine clippings develops into the only reality that he could ever accept. As he picks up the shattered pieces of his heart off the ground, he reconstructs them to form into a mirror before him. As the puzzle begins to take form, his reflection begins to breathe...

Winner of the Social Uprising, Resistance and Grassroots Encouragement (SURGE) film festival.

------


04-Ivory-Heart-Take-0-Theatrical-Trailer

Hey, Ivory. God told me it was time to start our adventures. Are you ready to go? If you manage to practically apply all that I am saying, then my heart will have many years to fall in love with your own as it's displayed to the entire world.

but do not lose hope for i will always be broadcasting directly to you from the other side of the static but we will have to travel experimental territory and we will have to cross many dangerous streets and we will come across countless imitations of what we are and along our journeys we will have to create many methods to purify our bodies minds and souls and we will have to determine life's real stage and we will have to climb many mountains before God will give his perspective on how to move them. And on top of this mountain, we will have to pray very hard for our daily bread, which God will provide us one way or another. And every single person who encounters you will become a wiser tree, whether they realize it or not, just because of the exact individual that you are and i will patiently wait for your heart to blossom into this beautiful flower for all of humanity because you see dear girl this flower is my reflection and when your petals open i will be standing right there to win your heart because it was always mine and I will spend the rest of my life protecting it and from here dear girl we will travel through many divine tragedies and when the day comes where we get to meet our souls will mold together and we will spend the rest of our lives traveling God's beautiful creation creating documentaries about the most important subjects of human existence that will forever integrate wisdom into society but just remember my love one step at a time. For the tortoise always wins the race.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



04-Ivory-Heart-Take-1-Protosis

Dearest Ivory, we start our journey today in the middle of one of the world's most renowned philosophy departments. But I want to warn you that this is not where it's at, but the foundations in which it came from is. So, what we see in our world today that is supposedly philosophy, isn't philosophy. And what I want to teach you is what philosophy is, and that is a star, and you will become a star if you learn what I'm showing you here.

So let's start this journey by looking at what we need to bring with us in the journey. And that is our bare necessities. We need to make sure we bring water with us. We don't need to worry so much about food and things like that because those things will come along and if they don't for a little bit then we can get through that.

need to bring a laptop because your life will be on the internet which you also need to have a phone and that needs to have internet on it too. I'm getting swooped here. So this is going to be a very interesting journey and I hope you do enjoy it but there is some very intrinsic values that I think this is fun this is fun hey I think that are very important to consider for your future and and what you can make it because we are amazing creatures and if you don't believe me, then all you've got to do is look at my work, and I know I use a lot of big words a lot, but the thing is that we have to learn these, and we have an entire lifetime to do it, so instead of getting scared off by them, then you should get pretty closely connected with a dictionary. And eventually you won't need that dictionary because you'll start to understand the origin of those words and you'll understand the meaning behind them on a much more higher level than the dictionary definitions will provide.

Oh, this is cool. Probably near a nest or something. So we will start that journey here. And as you see, when life brings us our journey, it tries to ward us off by swooping us.

It's saying you shouldn't take this journey, you shouldn't take this journey, but I tell you what, if you do, you'll shine and everybody will love you for the rest of your life. So I was unable to figure out a way to show my love to you as a result of our current conceptions of romance. So this is the best way that I know how to do it by showing you how to change the world. So I hope you are receptive and at least consider what it is that I'm saying.

And I guess that's the whole thing that we should consider what people are saying. We should understand why people are the way they are. And if we can do that instead of judging them, then we can help them out and direct their negative manifestations towards positive outcomes. And the only thing that you have to do is make some of these understandings receptive in our current media structures and if we do that then we'll see a revolution and I'm sorry but that's the burden that I'm putting on you.

I'm the first of this, I'm opening the way to you because you can win the hearts of absolutely everybody and I I'm just a weird guy that says really odd things and is very controversial so let us start this journey and I will try to entertain you along the way and as we as we get there as we start off within everything there will be setbacks and and I'll tell you that setback is that I was getting An army of children that were filming themselves saying open source education is my future. To demand from the adults to provide this to them. And not only that, for them to film in a location where they wanted to actually learn about. learn about so that way I could use those thoughts about about how I could obtain them that and I could obtain them that either through learning it myself and then teaching it or finding the right people who would be compassionate enough to teach with love and uh and either way I would win and I wouldn't even have to get near anybody um so this is this is what I'm trying to do yeah see we're gonna get spooked so this is the call of Jonah and this is a day that I've been dreading for a long time but I've always known that I'm gonna I've always had to follow it I knew that one day this day would come as we walk away from the philosophy department which was life which we were given despite our choice about it we we establish our foundations and we then go on our journey and as we go on our journey we can start to see a big field and this is the gymnasium of life and we must never forget this because we are always a part of that environment and if we are unable to be graceful warriors of that environment then we have no use to continue to be a part of it and we will have to take the time to make ourselves physically adept in anything that our heart so desires and we need to make sure that we always remain physically strong for any situation that might come up. Because

living a life like me or soon to be you, you need to be physically strong for everything that comes up. And along our way we will see many sites that demonstrate to us the heights that we should reach. And I know they feel so high like we could never obtain anything near that but let me hold your hand ivory and I will help you get there for I tell you that these heights are achievable by you mother bird pushed us out of her nest and taught us to learn to fly for we spread our wings and took off and soared in the air as we learned how to to manipulate our bodies. But as time goes on, we learn that we also need to develop our intellect and to develop sight. And that is so we can see where we are going and what

we are doing. For we need to learn our interests and then figure out how to direct our sights on those interests because those interests are our calling and what we're meant to perform in life so we will need to make a step to the library when we get to this point we need to come to the library and we need to fill our heads with everything that we can understand to be the greatest of what we could learn and the highest conception of that greatest but as you see we can come to see shadows something that's not there so these shadows manipulate our sight so they obstruct what it is that we think is real and they appear real and they come up in this video as very real but in fact they are just images or reflections of the real thing and this is something we need to think about in all aspects so if we think about our current media portrayal they tell stories that are far disconnected from reality because they're generally stories of stories or stories made up about other stories and we got the thing is we got a lot of really smart people in this world that live really interesting lives and if we just gave them the media then we would end up with a very high level of education because we could be entertained uh while also being educated um so we must come to this library and uh and we must spend a lot of time here and i will tell you something see all those shadows we'll be distracted by them a lot but this is somewhere we'll always come back we will always be destined to keep coming back to here and I guess that's true with everything that I'm speaking about because one even though we learn how to dominate our physical bodies and make it do what we want we got to maintain that level and not only that we shouldn't only be thinking about maintaining but we should also be thinking about developing so at every step of the way we should be getting better so I'm gonna charge this camera a little bit before we take our next step so we need to remember that as we kind of think about the future and and I don't think I have enough video footage left to I don't think I have enough battery left to be able to finish this film for our next journey so we'll stop here take a break take some water there's a vending machine here so just a few bucks for a little bit of a snack and and then we'll continue our life journey the library was closed and then we got to make choices as to how we're going to respond and the way that the perfect heart which is you should respond is to just continue walking your journey and have faith that it's all going to work out and that God will provide for you every step of the way so we're going to take this journey unsure about power and I'm telling you that this is only going to be a day journey and I'm doing that for a reason so but let's see how it goes so we've traveled through the university we've read a lot of books done a lot of study but uh we find that there's not much practical application to this study because none of it was taught with heart so we then have the world behind us and we have to travel through the shadows the scary shadows that we're not really sure what they are and uh and we have to travel through them to learn what they are and go out to the real world and uh and let's take that journey now and at first things seem calm but i want you to be very careful because this is the period when you can lose your innocence most quickly for there are a lot of people in this world that will take advantage of you who don't have good intentions at all Don't even consider a man if they don't want to protect your innocence, for that is your treasure, and that is what's going to make you a star. We must make choices whether we choose to jaywalk or not.

But I tell you very clearly that your time is priceless, and your feet should be walking all of it, or you're not doing the right thing. so make sure you keep going straight and i know it gets hard it gets real hard and i got all the experience to say that i've endured it and i continue to endure it every day but at the end of the day look where it gets us you will not find a place that is not in construction everywhere you turn there will be roadblocks there will be construction there will be roadworks you will have to figure out ways to get to your destination and i tell you very clearly that your destination is not a normal one and you will have to be very creative to overcome all of your problems shadows shadows they're everywhere imitations what is real what should i trust you will obsess over theology and learn to distinguish truth from falsehood you will learn many corruptions within theology and also gain true insight through that process you will try to take money from you but you will be poor as you have the heart of a servant you will need to learn to distinguish truth from reality here as well and what you really do need and what you don't and what other people really do need and what they don't because there will be a lot of con artists out there which are most of our businesses today that will try to exploit people in areas that they don't really need you will need to choose the drugs you use wisely as they will have ramifications but one can utilize the resources of this world to help them become everything that they are. You will walk around and around the merry-go-round and if you can see the opposite direction you will see everybody stuck in these lives that they think are real. Stuck in these nine-to-five jobs employment systems that ultimately caused their own destruction. As we can see the merry-go-round has

stopped but uh but i'm telling you right now that uh that i am the catcher in the rye

society will assert values that it itself does not ascribe to but it will do its best to teach its people that it does and as we get to integrity we start to see shadows how can we get beyond these shadows there will be many temptations that are ultimately worthless investments and we will find many tragedies throughout our history from people who managed to practically apply their understandings and their stories will direct our hearts to follow our own tragedy we'll need to learn how to provide food for our bodies minds and souls in order to perform the divine mission that we were given and after you experience the failed applications of education onto the world you will need to come back to it and revisit where it went wrong so ivory we've come to the middle of our journey and we're back at the philosophy department and that's where we're here to see what went wrong with all that we saw in the world because we just were experienced to it and and while we're here we can take our showers and clean ourselves off of any filth that we found in the world and while we're at it we're going to charge our camera and this is an important point because we need to make sure we keep that on us because our findings are sociological research to show how all of this can be fixed, how we can fix all of our problems. So that becomes your life, which is kind of what my life is, and it's become this for a lot of different reasons, but I was the one that had to test pilot all of this, and I had to suffer a lot to be able to get where I am. I'm making it where you don't have to suffer near as much as I did. The thing is, you're going to be the ruler of all things. You're going to know how to

help all of humanity. The thing is, you're going to win their hearts. You're so innocent in all ways and starting from a young age in these most noble pursuits of all of humanity and diving in there both physically, mentally, and spiritually you will shine as the star that you are and reap all of those benefits for it. Being a male is a little bit different especially a male that's a a real-deal philosopher in a world that doesn't like people like me.

And I guess we've seen that all throughout the ages, from the death of Socrates, who fed him his hemlock. It was the collective psychology.

And we get that with Jesus, my leader Jesus, who crucified him on the cross who was it and and and then we go to Gandhi who we who we saw in our life journeys who also had a similar fate and humanity shot him in the heart that he gave to all of it and and these are really sad stories but they they are the people that go down in history are the people that don't stop and show true value despite what everybody else thinks. So we're here at the philosophy department and we're going to go over our understandings again and we're going to look where our education system is going wrong to produce people like it has and then we're going to look at how we can fix it. And the ultimate solution is to just employ these systems with love, and that's just to care about people and, you know, have some type of contact with them so they don't feel terrible about themselves and provide them help, you know, about these subjects. We should all be there for one another.

And the thing is, through it, we can all learn to take care of each other for different types of personalities that don't necessarily fit in with our current systems. And I'm telling you, all these stars that are going to be popping up, they are going to be people that have been very disconnected from their social atmosphere. So let's see where that goes and I'm going to charge this camera and then we'll continue our life journey. So we're back where Mother Bird pushed us out of our nest and we're carefully going over some of these topics and what we experienced in the real world that is how they were applied, understandings and and how they were applied incorrectly and so we're back at the root in philosophy which philosophy is the employment of all these systems and and philosophy philosophy is the love of wisdom that's what it is and if you're following anything else and you're not following philosophy so there's two parts there you have love and you have wisdom and you got to work both those parts out and then work out how they work together but but this journey even though you know it seems like a difficult one and it definitely was for me I've spent my life paving it for you so there is three courses that I have created on the internet for you to be able to become all of this that I'm I'm saying. And those courses will direct you to the material that you need to investigate

to figure out how to best do what I'm saying. And not only that, your heart will be driven to other material and that's where your own destiny lies and that's where you need to work out. So just because you would be following on from me doesn't mean that you would not have your own role in there because you would definitely be a groundbreaking philosopher and one that's loved by the world for doing it too. But we have to look at, you know, So where do we go wrong?

Well we can see, I'm going to say it straight, you need to be a vegetarian at least, maybe be a vegan, I don't know, I'm a vegetarian, but I can see some of the points that vegans have. But you don't want to kill this sentient life. We have an organic planet that can sustain us. we really do need to think about that. Can you really kill a cow? I know your heart.

You wouldn't be able to kill a cow or kill any other animal. If you can't do it, then you shouldn't be doing it. Not only that, shouldn't it have the right to live? It doesn't want to die. That's not nice. So you should be vegetarian. Another thing is you should

Sometimes you should walk, and I don't mean don't have a car, but a car is not a primary mode of transport. We were given two legs, and we should be utilizing those. You'll learn a lot about collective psychology, because what you're going to be doing isn't going to be normal, and you're going to see a lot of weird stuff that probably frightens you. There's a lot of studies and background conditions there of how we have come to perceive the world and why we get conditioned into certain lifestyles that close off a large portion of that world.

And then we need to learn how to open it up so everybody can start, again, understanding each other. I say again, but maybe golden years, golden ages, you know, revolve. I don't know. um but we we've we've uh eaten here we've cleaned ourselves up a little bit we've taken a break and we've thought very carefully about the foundational framework of a philosophy and education and uh and its employment and where we went wrong with that employment and uh and now we're about to go out to the world again and see what we can do to change that we have to then go back through the roles of philosophy which then lead us to our body our mind and then our spirit so we're always in a process we're always coming in and out what can represent a shadow what does a library represent what does the shadow of a library represent is this what education looks like what about this is this what education looks like let's see if we can take these buildings and put them on the internet let's go out into the real world make your own gloves just be careful not to get hurt because I can't stand the thought of that nightclubbing is not your scene be very careful in dangerous territory what's the value of your heart what is art is it a copy what is history how true is history how true is reality this isn't life stage this isn't love sometimes you will see beauty from far away and your legs must keep on walking until they get there what is government do they care about you why are you following them test the waters see if they care about you test it the answer will always be no because we the people must stand up for ourselves and we when we learn how to do this we can exfoliate the dead skin called government there it is again keep your sights on it you can go so much higher why obey be careful walking across the street my dear there is a time and place for everything you will walk over countless bridges and eventually we get there and we come to learn that such a beautiful sight is stained with blood as if australia my ivory is going to turn us all into world citizens remember dear that places always look more beautiful from afar than when you get there but when you get there you need to appreciate the beauty for everything that it can possibly offer you how can we take a state without conforming to it that's what i'm showing you dear your bags are light and you let everything that you interact with come into and out of your hands because you realize that those things in themselves are not real and are only raw materials for you to make whatever you want. What is this? What is art? What does it mean? How can we use it?

What function does it serve? How will this help our children? Why is this here? It is kind of beautiful though. How can we spread our wings and fly like the demigods that we are? What sort of

productions could act as both entertainment and education, and how could we employ it in a receptive format online for everyone in the entire world. For this chain has unlimited potential. What structures will we set up on the internet? And what will be the new code of conduct when we manage to employ such a system?

make sure you take breaks my dear for your job is the most important in the world but in those breaks you will see some of the most inspirational sights that you will ever experience what is this a reflection of let's look at its shadow and what is this thing's shadow more bridges always more bridges to go cross oftentimes no bridges and then you have to figure out how to make your own bridge can be an exciting journey especially in the wilderness time goes by and we learn that we see the same things again and again just represented in a different way we can always see the hope always look out for symbols I will tell you the greatest wisdom that you will ever hear if you keep your sights high you will never be lost my dear ivory this is your friend this will always be your friend so how are we going to revolutionize your generations education system and this is something I've been contemplating very hard over my entire lifetime and and people didn't listen and that's because my methods aren't conventional there they think very outside of the box so I end up not being in mainstream and and I create very controversial work like this which I'm going to actually end up having to go in hiding for but but at the end of the day we got to learn how to become receptive to the public and I was working on adults before but but they're already past the age where they care about such topics because they're not experiencing what you guys are experiencing you guys are actually in the education system and it has a lot of problems everybody else is just watching from outside and just going yeah whatever so I've been trying to do that over my life and I've been succeeding lately so creating an open source university that that is going to not make any money at all but only connect students with teachers and it will also connect all of those teachers with a board and also all of the other boards so then those those boards could fill out and and we could get good teachers that do online courses and online entertainment and the stars the really good ones would stand out and uh and that's who open source university would be looking for because we want to stand out we're not looking for just anyone and i say we're a lot but it's always me it's always me at the end of the day i get a lot of people that want to get involved and then i find out that their heart's not right or they have they have other things in their life that cause them not to be able to help out but at the end of the day it's always just me and and I figured out two ways that I can do this for you the first way is if none of the adults respond by giving you open-source education which that's what you want I mean I've seen it you guys all stand up go wow this is awesome let's this but now I'm disconnected from you guys so what how were we going to stand up and demand open source education so that if we do that and if we all send in saying open source education is my future then eventually the adults the compassionate adults out there that have an interesting life that would like to be jump on board and do open-source education for you then with the hearts and minds to do it then we could end up filling a lot of positions and all it could all have a chain reaction if these people started doing that but but I'm not going to rely on that at all so what I'm going to do is find out what you guys want in an education system so I'm gonna I'm gonna as long as you know the people I'm getting chased down sometimes like people don't want to talk to me so I have to go through a lot of loops to get to where I need to be and makes it very difficult but at the end of the day if you figure out a way to convey to to me what you want to learn what's your most passionate about what you care about your heart what that cares about then I can either find the teachers to deliver that to you or I could learn it myself and then teach it to you because I've spent my life learning so I'm the best learner ever because I I learned so I can understand how to learn more which it helps me understand now to learn more Which actually then it's not learning for the sake of learning because there's an end result here and that's what this film is about and And I hope that is not boring you or anything. I'm trying really hard here and And as you figure out this is a day journey, so We'll see how it goes, but But if we always notice like where we are and keep our our sights where they should be then we will always know where we should go next and and you should let your heart tell you that so let's just look around I mean we've been in so many different places already and I tell you honestly I mean this wasn't planned I had scripts written out and and script after script I'll go no that's not right it's not right and they're really good too they're really good but uh they're just not right for uh what i needed to convey so uh this was a result of star now um banning me from their website after they found out what type of film that i was making oh dear girl ivory i know that uh i'm getting in a lot of crap for making this film and i just want to make note of a quote that Immanuel Kant, one of the world's greatest philosophers, about enlightenment, and I'll put that up now, but I really want you to think about what it's saying, and I'm not hurting anybody, and I never would, and even though I might have a film that's a little bit, or even a lot, controversial, doesn't mean that I should get in trouble for anything or even be treated any differently because i'm not doing anything wrong at all i'm just presenting ideas uh ideals too that uh our common conception doesn't really like very much and uh and it's going to be websites like star now that ban me from them um that ultimately stop us from reaching enlightenment and if we aren't able to get there listen to the symbols keep your sights and your ears pilled i'm trying to teach you how to have a utopian society for your future and uh the adults don't like that um but i think you deserve utopian society and i'm sorry that my methods is uh a bit a little bit unconventional a lot unconventional but at the same time um this is why i've done everything it's it's for you everything was all for you and uh and look at the results i mean i'm not doing anything wrong so let me be how I am and if you can't accept people like me for you know who we are who I am I mean I I spend my life helping everybody and if we can't if we can't you know respect those people then um none of this is ever going to work and uh that's a lot your job ivory uh is that you have to you have to make this all receptive and you had to really inspire people's hearts I mean at first I was also negative and and rude and I guess I still am a lot in in some scenarios but uh but you have to figure out how to play with your own heartstrings before you can learn to play with other people and if we do that to encourage our own evolution then which which is basically learning how to take care of each other of every person everything they need to live you know a good life and then we can also reap the benefits of that as a society because everybody will be doing exactly what they should be and exactly they would want to do no other so never forget to look around



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



04-Ivory-Heart-Take-2-Epitasis

what's their shadow? I see you, but I don't see you. My dear Ivory, this is the most important lesson that you will ever learn. This is what you are, and this is what you are to make, open source education. The lights of the world shine to the greatest light. I still see blood.

I will show you where it came from, and we pay our respects to Mount Ainsley.

Corruption!

Dear girl, always listen out for the rhythm of the universe.

What are they reflections of?

How is one to portray an image?

There is such thing as soulmates.

I just explained a joke. I guess the swans crossing the road, that made me think. but uh the the joke why did the chicken cross the road people don't understand it though the answer is to get to the other side but that's actually a play on life and death um so the other side is is heaven and uh it crossed the road to get to heaven so we need to think about the words we use and uh and think of all the different meanings that they can portray and that they can contain within them and then we can also put that into our own meaning of expressions and create pretty awesome work that most people won't understand but the few who do man they're gonna be some pretty awesome people you can do it girl you will never find a better comforter than water because it represents our origin be skeptical an imitation is still an imitation I can almost see it is a bonsai not life when are we going to shed the dead skin more bridges always more bridges what is a marker what marker should you follow this is not the stage of life this is not your stage dear ivory not your stage it's only a shadow and when we reach the source of any marker we quickly learn why it was marked be careful ascension and descension this is life dear ivory we must always come back to our origin this is not your stage dear ivory be careful. Mere imitations. This is a more beautiful imitation. This is God's imitation. God's

imitation. This, my dear Ivory, is man's imitation. Man's imitation. Man's imitation. It means

nothing when it's for the sake of itself. God's imitation. They don't care. They have no love to give you i warn you ivory this is one of our most misunderstood fields the only thing that we know is that we know nothing but we will always come back to our places of comfort real medicine is holistic and we will always remember the places where we took our first steps and i will never forget the places where i gave my heart to you and then we will have to go back through our mind to see if we can practically apply what we have learned and without a physical manifestation there is no practical application and if we look closely we can see the past the present and the future imitations far disconnected from reality and we must one more time come back to where we began our journey but do not fret dear girl because here there is nourishment for your body, mind, and soul. So after a long day's journey, we have to come back under the umbrella

of philosophy and discuss some of the things that we were talking about. Because after all, without practical application, these topics are meaningless. So now let's talk about how all of this pertains to you and uh... that's uh... your education systems out of control

look at the types of people that it develops uh... it's it it's not good for our collective psychology because it doesn't love within the employment of the systems and uh... And as a result, we end up overlooking and not caring about people and being cruel to people. And often, most of the time, being cruel to people because we don't understand or care about the background conditions that are the reason why a manifestation is happening.

and so we gotta really question our values and whether the collective understanding of these values are actually good or not so your education system is run by a system that's run by other systems and and no one can get through to any like no one person or even it's hard for even for a group of people and you got the you know the board of education and they're not really doing anything no one knows what they're doing it's all it's all messed up um and then all these courses and stuff have to be regulated by the government and uh and then we end up with very you know boring stuff because uh because it has to fit under a certain guideline and people then divide entertainment and education and that's a big problem because because then we say oh I want to relax and instead of like watching something you know that could be meaningful and still have fun you then want to watch something that will numb your brain and and that's not good so we gotta learn how to fix this and it's your generation that is going to suffer the consequences if you don't do something now about it and that's what i'm trying to help you do and and yeah i mean i'm one of you guys because i've never been accepted by any adults all adults think i'm a child but then i amaze them with what i do but uh but i'm an eccentric guy um that's just and i'm so disconnected from from everybody um but let's talk about how we can revolutionize your education system not only for your future higher education learning but I'm also talking about right now how you can actually start to get the education that you desire so that you can be the best person that you desire to be and that's through all these interests that you come across and so instead of having these rigid systems that make you into a certain type of person you You can then become awesome in all the areas that you really, really enjoy. So this is better education if we do an open source university. You don't have to be disconnected from adult topics and all of my teachers, if I get any, We're all going to try to teach on levels that are more receptive to all our age ranges. Because these are going to be more critical values that we actually need to really consider, it's going to be a holistic education system.

I encourage this ideal of this type of education system to be copied too so I'm not saying that my model is going to be like top dog or whatever I'm going to try my best but there's going to be a lot of people or there should be a lot of people that copy it that's what I'm trying to do I mean because once people start copying this idea like from their compassionate hearts you know the people that actually care about making a difference in the world then we can start to wean away from unhealthy methods of employment of our education systems. And the government can't do anything about it because I'm doing this for free and I'm not doing anything wrong. So, you know, they don't like it. They don't like it at all. They hate it. They hate it.

They won't talk to me. They avoid me. But that's everybody. I'm a weird guy, so everybody does that.

and um and that's not cool i mean because that's what causes us to uh that's alienation and see you should be learning these these subjects because you you have to suffer them and if you have to suffer them then you should know them to be able to rectify them if you have that ability within you so at whatever age you are um you should be learning these topics whenever they become receptive to you and what Kant said that we should do to reach our enlightenment is make use of public reason which is a open forum for the public to talk about the problems that real people deal with on a day to basis and through this format Kant says as long as it's free as in not suppressed as in star now got rid of it took my stars away because of what I was doing like seriously we're not going to reach this enlightenment until we until we are able to to free speech and my speech isn't free people suppress everything i say and i have to fight against it again and again and again and the thing is is that usually it gets you know suppressed and they don't understand what it's talking about and then when they understand what it's talking about they go oh crap i was wrong um and they usually then don't talk to me anymore um because people don't like that and that's what's happened a lot with my ex-wife too and uh she she oh okay that's that's a big story but uh but what and and okay i'll talk about that a little bit um because she wasn't very nice to me at all and uh and i'm so emotional i guess i wasn't good too because i was trying to to make her into this this awesome person and uh she wasn't that person um so uh i guess that's really where that went wrong um she was really mean um but i learned a lot of lessons, and she was the only person that I've ever slept with. And I won't sleep with anyone until I get married. And that's why a lot of women around in my existence don't look twice at me. But, you know, I've got to play the hand I was dealt, and I'm doing the best i can with uh you know everything that goes on in my psychology and my uh biology and and spiritology we'll say that okay so um what we got to do is is take back our forum and that forum is uh is you displaying your thoughts on a topic which is not just uh unthought of like very well contemplated thoughts on a topic um in a receptive format for the future of mankind and and you should really be strict with that and make yourself awesome at it because that is a big responsibility because nowadays people don't use the internet like that will get comments and those comments are stupid people that don't know what they're talking about and don't realize anything that's going on like seriously we need to actually start posting content that has content in it because all right all that I see on the internet nowadays is reflections is imitations and we don't have to confine ourselves to that people like me and you have the divine materials to work with and and we can then create our own invitations so your first task is you're gonna have to convince your friends and and your entire generation really to to really consider deeply about open source education and whether that would be an option in their life and and the question the big question of them all really and I'll say a little bit more on this because because philosophy is all about questions we got a question everything but I'm not asking questions just for the sake of asking questions there's one big question behind them all that uh that I'm trying to find that I've been trying to find that is the father or even grandfather of them all and you know what I'm going to share with you I think I found it I think I found it and I'm going to share with with you what I think it to be you see prophecy throughout the ages of mankind could only work with the materials that they had within their environment. This caused sight to not be entirely reached but only

perspectives of it being reached and this caused a lot of followers to put their beliefs in something that might not necessarily be achievable. These followers then do what humans do and that is create lots of systems around some noble ideals and and then hate each other that don't conform to those ideals and and ideas and and we do the stupid thing where we fight and that's what happens with all those conceptions within spirituality and we grow up revolved around money and and think that's not that can somehow bring us happiness and uh and then use things like religion to make us feel like we're not stuck in a rut and and just wasting our lives away but in reality we are um but you don't have to be you don't have to be we have the option to make our lives into whatever we want to and i'm trying to give us the opportunity to do that and it has been the big tea for technology that has opened up this opportunity to see a bigger picture that has been foreshadowed over our entire human civilization that's been written that we can actually track back so now I breathe the fiery question whether or not one will save their soul will depend on the answer to this question. And I tell you clearly that we will all suffer the consequences for the actions that we take for or against this opinion. And that question is when I provide you with open source education on any topic that you can possibly conceive of, presented in a loving and entertaining format, will you utilize it to improve your character and abilities?

It is this question that will determine if you will or will not save your soul. Mess up as your own conception of an angel, in your own conception of the learning heaven that you would like me to provide you. Think very carefully about this decision because it will reflect what we can expect from this open source star in the future. Then film yourself in that environment saying the words, open source education is my future.

Then post that content on YouTube in the highest quality format that your camera could provide. And then send me the link to it and I will include it in our demands to all adults for open source education. And I will try to convince them to participate in this movement. And if I fail, then I will be very sad. But I promise you that as long as I am breathing, that I'm going

to spend my life invested in studying the subjects that you give to me so then I can receptively convey them to you because these are the subjects that you care about and i care about what you care about and i would love to give you your most wildest dreams all for free to demonstrate how much that my heart truly cares so now you have some foundations and some things to think about But we must leave this place soon and go on the last part of our journey. We always pack light, for we never know where our legs might take us. We'll charge the camera a little bit longer and then we'll go up our mountain. When I provide you with open source education, will you utilize it to improve your character and abilities?

So we have replenished our water and rested our legs and are ready to set off on our journey up our mountain. And we need to be respectful to the environments that helped us out, so do be a girl who shows respectful mannerisms. And as we step outside the doors, we are greeted with Apollo. And we will start looking out for Diana shortly.

And after charging up our battery, we attempt to make the best online library. We're coming baby. So then we gotta face the facts, and this is always the hardest part. But, the fact is that I'm talking to a child here, and that's always been hard because this has always been something that's been part of me, and the age never changed.

But it's the innocence that I'm really attracted to, it's not necessarily the physical manifestation. But with everything, we have to work from the inside out, and the first thing that we're given to perceive is our physical. And this is something that, yes, I did struggle with for a while, but over time I learned methods to breathe that out. But I'm not sure really how healthy that was because that was as a result of suppression of the topic in society.

No one wanted to talk about it. It was a banned subject. So what we have here is feelings in people that are not allowed to be expressed and as a result they don't know what to do with them. They don't know what to do with them at all.

So they try to do what they can but they're not given the help because no one wants to talk about these subjects. And there's a secret in every course, if you only look, that has some really deep subjects that we really have to talk about. And pedophilia comes from two Greek words. It comes from child and friendly love. So it was the friendly love of a child.

And it was talking about a relationship, but that wasn't a prohibited practice. That was that they they did within their culture and and they had reasons behind that too and and it's just because someone has let's say we'll use an example let's say someone gets raped we don't say that sex is bad but we say that the action the the rape was bad the forced sex and and we got to relate these with down the line we can't just say oh we'll stop here so when what is why would someone rape a child that's that's the real big question and and you're not gonna like it but the answer to that is uh is that these topics are banned and and people aren't given the required help and assistance that they need to be able to effectively deal with them. And then all of their thoughts get repressed and eventually turn into a physical manifestation of evil. And that's what we gotta learn how to repair because it's not necessarily that everybody is going to do horrible things to children.

So why the restrictions on a romance? Because automatically we're so sexually orientated, you think everything's about sex. a society, our collective psychology, so immediately our minds go to someone likes children and they're after sex. And that's not the case at all.

If someone, I mean, if anyone who's a good person wants to protect that innocence, and taking away that innocence is not protecting that innocence. So just because our social preconceptions tell us something is one way doesn't mean that is how it is. And that's a big problem that we have to get around in society. And that's what your job is going to be, is to try to receptively convey these understandings to all of your generation so we can avoid problems like this in the future and we could then eventually uh rule out the need for i mean i look at this in a big scope i mean we're not going to need a government if we the people start you know standing up for everything and i mean everything because uh we gotta look at you know star now they don't um they don't employ their systems with love uh they took they took all my access away i i they took all everything away because uh because of this film and uh i mean that's not love i mean i'm doing a really good thing here and uh and we can't support things like this uh so when we run into a problem within society that needs to be fixed then it then becomes our responsibility to make everybody aware of these problems. But that means we have to question what we once thought

to be wrong to reassess it whether there might be some right in there. And we don't like to question ourselves because it makes us feel ill. But you never have to fret again dear girl because you will never be lost god's image god's painting you will always need to realign your actions we come back to our mother life is both uphill and downhill

we roll the boulder up our mountain i'll always be here for you and we will make many friends along our journeys. And there will be many obstructions to our view. How can we open source the world? And this time I will shine the light to direct you through obstacles.

But you will have to learn how to see in the dark. And at the bottom of our mountain we must reflect over the happenings of the day. And we will have to walk up very steep hills, with the only light guiding us, our own. But do not fret, because I will always be right around the corner.

And we will need to know our environment very well, for this will teach us when we need to make our turn, and after a long day's journey, we will get home. But you see, dear Ivory, we are rulers of all, and our home watches over the entire world. God's image. We are kings and queens.

Welcome to my home and empire. Bugs of all kinds freely roam here, and I would appreciate if you did not hurt them. I want to talk about you and what you're going to be doing, and how it could change the world. You need to become this star, but you need to do it directed towards the right pursuits towards human interest, and we got a lot of problems within the medical industry.

The biomedical model is but one model and not only that, it forgets the person. It labels a thing and it forgets the background conditions of it because that's how they treat it. That's their method. There's methodologies of different types of knowledge and that's one of them.

we can't realize this then we push certain perspectives on people that we think are right but but we really don't know and and what enforces this is then our psychiatric model and this is a big problem because then we can label people and then we get labeling theory and then people get judged and and the thing is is that people don't even know about the conditions and uh and these conditions are always so different anyway we're labeling something we really don't understand so you need to really invest yourself yourself in in that field because the more we start to learn about the selves behind us that makes us into the person that we are the more that we can help people become what they want to be so you really got to start saying hey don't force people to be like this and and then so you got to remove the oppression unrip the oppression and you got to do that by making you got to unite all religions you got to unite everything this is my heart ivory it is agape which is love of humanity or God's love however you want to interpret it but there's a lot of ways you can interpret it and every single one of those ways are divine and it's only from indoctrination saying this is how it is is or putting rules and regulations that these interpretations get corrupted. And if we can start accepting people for who they are and what they have come to understand as best for their life um and also have facilities see if you create facilities for people to be able to truly find out what is best for their life because people don't listen no one listens in society if we only took a little care and particularity with people and truly learned what they they really loved and were capable of then we could help these people very carefully like spend some time doing it um to make their life into everything that it could possibly be but how do we learn these topics well enough to practically apply a solution and here's your deep dark secret it, you have to suffer them. So you're going to have to go through a lot to get where you need to be. And that road is going to be very hard for you. And you are going to be pushed

down at each and every step. But you got to continue to look up and look around and make sure that you continue doing the same thing that you were doing before because there is no better life than searching for the good life and when this day comes i will spend every day after that making you the happiest girl that could have ever existed and this is of course if i don't commit suicide or get martyred i would like to explain my tattoos to you i have a cross on my back and it was my first tattoo i carried my cross ever since i got this tattoo this is my second tattoo this is a latte which means virtue or excellence it's it's what what the human strife it's the best that we can become and uh and we got to find that best it's a process it's a process all of these tattoos are very very closely connected and i would like you to really think about them so uh we have virtue there and that's what we're striving for every second this is phronesis which means practical wisdom this is by far been my most difficult tattoo and that's because i want to cut across it time and time again i want to cut across it and that's because i'm very very lonely because i spend my life trying to create superhumans who i can call my equal and i need you to be my equal if you are going to be with me because that's that's what this is all about because there's no equals out there to me and I'm just trying to raise people up to me because I will not lower myself to them I also have my family crest on my right shoulder blade and this meaning's changed a few times but everything evolves everything adapts but But I have come to understand this tattoo to mean that I cannot go against my nature. And I can't fight my origins. And I always have to come back to them.

And what are those origins?

This is agape. And this is the origin of everything that you will be involved in within your life. This is the love that you will give to humanity. and now i will reveal my most deepest and darkest secrets and it is all linked in with my mission that i was sent on god put me down here to find you god trained me to train you and that is because i am the astronaut in this whole open source education scheme and i have philosophy backing me up and it is not receptive because everybody is brainwashed but i am trying to unbrainwash the masses but your parents are not receptive but you innocent ones you that stray you are my target audience and you are often stars in disguise because if I can find that one who would free education for their entire generation, then they would be my equal. And then we can come together

and change the world for the future of our human evolution. Because the yin and the yang will forever reproduce reflections of their origin. And we will shine as the stars that we are because we don't do what everybody else does. But sometimes it takes time for people to catch on with the story behind the message given.

But we're not done yet, dear Ivory.

for we still have to produce it so there are many things that you are going to have to learn and you are going to have to learn how to use the computer very well be very connected to it Sony Vegas is an important program that you'll need to use and you'll need to get good at it and I'm still getting good at it but I am pretty good at it now and I'm always getting better And there's a lot of other graphic and audio programs that you also need to know about because these will be programs that you'll be using to try to receptively convey a message. And you can choose which type of imitations that you would like to utilize in your productions, but use those imitations to shine light on the background conditions of what it is that we're actually talking about here.

And in doing that you are creating something new and you are utilizing the divine materials that God has gifted us with and bringing a meaningful production into the world. and you can do this with your day to day events in life and because you're a philosopher your work is going to be brilliant you are going to have to market you're going to have to learn how to market you're going to get on a site called Carmelicity Google it Carmelicity and it's a really good site there's really good people there and they're all actors and the thing is you You check out what they do and then they check out what you do and you both get promoted for it so we have things working in unison and not only that the guy who runs it is a really awesome guy so that's not open source but that doesn't matter because the parts working perfectly and if the part is working perfectly and it's not open source then we don't have any problems uh it's when there's systems that are problematic that could wear away that we really need to investigate um which is sites like star now and even google so i'm taking on google too um because they don't care they don't care at all um we we might have to use them right now but later on when we get the appropriate pieces put in an open source and loving method then we could shed the dead skin and end up with the best parts possible for our our own existence and as a result everybody's existence because if we're all doing the best work that we can do in in in what we love doing best then we're all doing what's best for us you're going to have to showcase your work you're going to have to learn how to use the imdb the internet movie database and you're going to look at stats and those stats aren't don't don't judge too much on those stats but but use those stats as a guide to know sort of where you are and where you're headed and where you could go. So it's really good to know a lot about that stuff and not only that, you're promoting your work. So do that. But the thing is the IMDB, when

you submit something, make sure you submit it well. But a lot of times it doesn't go through. It's a really annoying website, but it's what we have right now and maybe later we should try to fix that as well because you can't really get in contact with anybody there either but um but it doesn't really matter but things don't show up so often and changes never never work so there's some problems with that there but it's the most popular website out there and uh most well recognized and reputable so you you should use that and i know it's 30 bucks to put up a an image but if it's a good production then it's definitely worth it you have a lot of work to do dear ivory i made three courses for you and they are there to show you how you can free education to your entire generation and you do this and you will forever have my heart We have now eaten our cookies, and it is now time for me to put you to bed. But you see, dear Ivory, I rarely sleep, because I spend my time thinking about ways to change the world.

But the thing about this is I love to watch sleeping angels.

Are you my angel? I would offer to tell you a bedtime story, but I think that is what we have been doing the entire day.

Sleep well, my precious. I will protect you well in your slumber.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



04-Ivory-Heart-Take-3-Catastrophe

Psst. Hey, wake up. Wake up. We're not done yet. We still have one more step. Come with me.

Never invest in a field that has no practical application.

Down the mountain in the dark.

Let's go. Let's go.

Where are we going? What do we got to do? For you see, life is a practical matter, for it all means nothing without practical application, for we are the rulers of this existence.

But you see, you need to learn to rule before you can obtain me. So I will be waiting, but until then, enjoy my practical application on everything that I have just said.

Sweet Diana always knows the right words to say. Always remember this. She will always be there for you. We must travel down our mountain, but we know exactly where we're going.

And we will travel many obstacles, but don't worry, dear girl, it's only scary because you don't understand it.

She comes back. She always comes back.

And so does our tower.

Let me teach you.

Let me show you how to make people understand. Dear Ivory, let me show you the love that I have to give to you. And as a result, all of society.

Don't ask if they understand. Make them understand. Because the fruits always represent their origin.

And if we overlook the bigger picture, we will make inaccurate assumptions. Because the horizon of human limits is infinite in its spectrum. because we can swing a situation any way that we want to and the choices that we are to make about how we are to swing our own human condition will result in the existence in which we live and not only that, which everybody else lives.

To the masses, I manipulate my own psychology towards ideals of grandeur But to the few who possess insight, realize that I am playing God, for I am its demi-servant.

And right before the battery dies, I always get the charge that I need to expose these topics for what they truly are. And we will have much time to think over our actions. copy this format and before we start a revolution in education that will stand the test of time we must ask ourselves what their foundations will be because that will determine their outcome will purify our souls with the cleansing properties of philosophy because it is what we were built for so now with a clean body and a clean mind and a clean soul we can now start our ascension to heaven but before we embark on the epic we must look into the mirror and examine its reflection because all of its reflections will shadow its origin and we need to ask what is our origin this time i'm taking you with us i have uploaded you to the interwebs and you are now portable check check check we don't need this anymore this is outdated pack your bags we are placing them on the internet we are going to replace all of these structures with ones that were built upon solid foundations we have to teach with heart ivory and that's really important we're never going to help anybody if we don't care about those people so So you need to keep your innocence because of that. And that's the only way you're going to be receptive when conveying these topics of wisdom.

And we're here to change the world, so let's do that.

And we now walk away from it knowing its weak points. And we will never forget its origins. And we will come across many unjustified restrictions.

And we will examine countless imitations.

Take back your education system. You don't need your parents to make it happen.

For you are God's warrior and will always be provided for.

And we will always remain physically, mentally, and spiritually nourished. and we will always remember the people who helped make that happen we will jaywalk into construction zones and we will see many interesting things and we will have to wait for the world to wake up and we patiently wait for this is the calm before the storm and we walk around the cube in question to get different perspectives of what it is that we are talking about here. Now, let's make it happen for you and give you the education system that you deserve.

When Apollo's bright rays has shined light onto our insanity, we slowly begin to wake up. And as the necessary conditions manifest themselves in society, we begin to walk and it is during this walk that we each have an ethical dilemma because it is this walk that will lead us to the choice whether or not we will choose to save our souls and then when the necessary conditions in society manifest itself then we are given an option to change And when all of God's children unite their voices, and the gods shine their blessing on their servants, and hope always in sight, and we need to retain our innocence if we are to be just rulers of the new world. The clock starts its course to correct all errors in judgment.

And we quickly come to learn that the answer was always in front of us. And we walk away with an appointment to save the world the day after it ends. When one works on God's clock, anything is possible. We will never forget our origins, but we will have time for a hot chocolate and to pay our final respects.

And we will stick a flag at our origin, and this flag will broadcast hope to all of humanity.

Never lose sight, for it provides insight. All the resources to reach this are available to you, but to find this path, we must deviate from the main road, and we will always be welcomed by our mother, and the further wisdom takes us, the more we are alienated, isolated, and unappreciated within our society, and The obstacles will no longer appear dangerous to us, and we are given one last breathtaking view at our nation's heart before I am chained to my rock. We must again push our boulder up our mountain. We must carry our cross and remain true to ourselves.

this dear Ivory is how you change the world tell me what education system you want and I'll give it to you okay so here's how we do it you got to teach me what you are most passionate about and love and life the most through an image and that would be a background of a particular place and uh and then you get uh and your highest conception of an angel whatever field that might be in and mold it to your own personality and uh and then you shoot it in a very significant spot that has a place in your heart and uh And then you say to the world that open source education is your future. And you can do this in any language that you please. And you can state your name if you desire. And then you upload this video to YouTube at the highest quality that your camera could obtain.

and then you message osuni.org go to that website and contact me and put where your link is and what I'm going to do is collect all these and then I'll put them in a commercial and and then we can we can start taking back our own education by you guys saying open source education is what you want and when the pieces are examined it would be understood how much value they actually contain so that's what we do and we always got to go okay well so look at what we have and then what can we make from what we have and and we're all dealt certain cards in life and we have to play with that hand to get it right but what so many of us often do is give up or even forget that the poker game is being played and we end up getting played so this is how your generation can change everything so that that is your responsibility now and I'm going to go take care of my own but please do You remember, dear girl, that we are not far from hope. And if I can't convince your parents to provide you with a good education, then I will learn the material myself and then teach it to you, all for free. I had to find a way to lead you to me, and I work off the test of time, and not for the moment. Oh boy, you better have high endurance, girl.

Thou anointest my head with oil, my cup runneth over.

Let's use God's clock.

December 21st, 2012. The new world.

Just remember, dear Ivory, this was all for you.

Don't do it half-assed. Thus with this, I clean my soul of this bloodshed world. I had nothing to do with it, and I will not partake in these systems.

And without further ado, my name is Wendell Charles NeSmith, and open source education is my future.

My name is Wendell Charles NeSmith, and open source education is my future. My name is Wendell Charles NeSmith, and open source education is my future.

These are our demands. If you do not listen, there will be consequences.

And then you have to produce it. So you need to add sound where you want it and use music programs or whatever to compose if you so desire. however it's set up because we can make these receptive without the usage of some some extra things to increase attention span on some of the finer details but that is the end and you have homework this was an educational television program it is and it always will be so you have a book to read and it is the Republic by Plato so I hope you enjoy that for that can show you exactly what I'm talking about and the key to it all was technology so we could spread the love we could all spread the love free because love is free and the people that market love and don't love which is so many people they will eventually wear away because we give love for free here on earth. So I guess we get to the very end and I have to say the words that I've been not wanting to express the entire time but I knew it had to be in it.

So I hope you enjoy my performance. Oh, Venus, have pity on my soul, for I am but a poor man who has made a beautiful statue.

And she is so grand, and any girl that was in her right mind would want to fit her shoes, for her shoes are the most capable of them all. Oh Venus, please give me one like my ivory and then produce it and in doing this you are studying your own work and then you gotta reflect over what the crap did I just do. But that is the movie and I hope you enjoyed. Thank you very much.

And my last tip is to always press send and accept the work for what it was and not go beyond what it needed to be to convey its message. Thus it is in this order for a reason and it's going to stay like that and I'm probably going to add little to it, because I think it needed to be said in this kind of manner, using my poetry to obtain good outcomes, so that was my mission, and I hope that I was able to do that and I encourage you to also do that and be free, free speech, free speech. Everything is on the table but we just have to have innocence when we're going about the topic and it's when we put these corruptions in the world that we put the corruptions in our hearts and we got to change that we can so so hold my hand and and let's change the world together or kill me or or continue to alienate me i don't care just i'm gonna keep doing what i'm doing and and you can do whatever you do and now i stand in front of the world to reveal my most deepest and darkest secret but if only i could teach people how to look at background conditions

but until that day i stand outside of it for we will never be able to help anyone without love

free the love free the love free the love free the people we can all just help each other I don't conform to my world, but it to me, and I always take the risk necessary to accomplish something that could ultimately result in a better outcome, even if it's very risky and I have a great chance of scaring my audience away. But forever will I try to get even closer, for one day it will be in arms reach. I have spent my life invested into delusions of grandeur and as a result this has made me focus everything on utopian societies and how to create one. And throughout my life I have gone through many many different methods in order to uncover this prophecy that has been foretold throughout our ages and uh i think i found it now your mission with no choice but to accept for it is humanity at stake take that leap of faith and invest your future in the highest good of everything that you can possibly conceive of do not worry about money because God will provide learn how to live with very little but never pass up opportunities to develop your body mind and spirit only accept donations and when you are unable to survive as a result of their absence then include that distressing content within your productions never give up never accept no as an answer and when you make a mistake do not worry as your journeys guide you then you will relearn past conceptions and what you once thought to be right will turn out to be wrong but you will always see the light if you just keep pushing and the more brilliant content that you produce, the more that you will like yourself. But always keep in mind

the bigger perspective and never get full of yourself. For the world needs you to be a selfless angel. Come on collective psychology, give in to the love. It'll take you over when you learn to see its benefits then maybe one day we might be able to achieve world peace become the model philosophy child of innocence and learn while teaching all of your most passionate desires while experiencing them upfront and personal take in much more than you put out just to ensure correct thinking advertise to all ages around your own and demonstrate true character from life's early stages i am your technical support spread the love it's all about the love keep your standard above what is possible learn how to love better through those results and every time a finger is pointed down upon you endure those lashes because beautiful butterfly you will one day fly amongst the backdrop of our heavens teach everyone that open-source education is the answer it will provide you every one of your heart's desires and you only have to tweak and fine-tune it to work correctly for your generation and this This would mean that people could replace current conceptions of television with healthy forms of education.

And all of it made possible by T, the big T, technology, TV, open source TV, technology, big T, big T, big T, technology, technology, technology, big T, big T, T, T. And all we have to do is love within teaching. And the systems employed will reflect their origins. And when we get all the parts working beautifully together, then we can start reaping their benefits every day.

Because when we cure the source of the problem, then all the other parts will reflect its application. And this application is love. You see, we could use open source systems for the next evolutionary cycle. It would encourage our kind to grow from the heart outwards.

But you see the background conditions support the actions each time. And you see the creation becomes the creator. And all problems can be rectified over the test of time through love. And maybe one day society will give us enough to survive.

Welcome to the education reformation. Welcome to the education reformation. Welcome to the education reformation. Welcome to the future of humanity.

Welcome to the future of humanity. Welcome to the future of humanity. Welcome to the future of humanity. Welcome to the future of humanity.

Welcome to the future of humanity. Welcome to the future of humanity. Welcome to the future of humanity. Welcome.

ivory the project to make my perfect woman resulted in the project to make me and now I stand in front of the entire world to reveal my deepest and darkest secret but if they would all just step back and understand what I am saying then maybe one day we might come to see world peace but until then I stand outside of its existence for we can never learn to help anyone without love free love love I am intentionally weird guy who had spent his life always invested into delusions of grandeur I was always smart and eventually began to learn how to utilize those delusions for my own learning benefits I one day jumped off that mountain and spread my wings and learn how to fly and every now and then they just get roughed up a little and I must learn a lesson but they forever take me higher what is love what is love what is love was love change the world change the world change the world change the world change the world change the world change the world one love one love one love one love you're getting everything from me humanity my name is pygmalion and i have just sculpted a statue and the time has now come for its creator to reflect on its creation uh we're getting swooped again oh it's so amazing uh how things always end up where they start But I want to tell you that this is a mythology film in all aspects. And it demonstrates how mythology can be practically applied to our own lives to produce the best possible outcomes. outcomes, depending on how one's psychology is structured. And this is the living mythology that I am sharing with you, and it's going to be more receptive to younger female women and girls because it's all about love and and this I hope this painting that I portrayed here can be a receptive method to integrate wisdom into society actually I know it is It's going to, like no matter what happens, it's going to still shine light onto these subjects.

It doesn't matter what happens to me. It doesn't matter how you react to this. The people that do watch it are going to understand these subjects on a better level. And then we can learn about them instead of judging people for how they are.

and so I did really enjoy the production and these videos are huge and they're gonna take me a long time to to produce I'm going to pretty much just give you raw footage of most of it because it was the image that I wanted to portray and And I'm showing how we can do that, how we can use reality to increase our senses about fantasy. And we're combining the two there so we can use all of our dreams and make them our reality. And no matter what those dreams are, they can become true. Because we can all write our own stories.

And when we learn how to utilize these stories that are real in a method that helps us all become better people, then over time we will see the results of that wise investment. But how can one make shadows aware of their origin? But who in this world has the right hearts to be founders of a utopian society? Let's go out in the real world and look.

You will travel through many construction zones and you will need to live on the stage known as life. Each and every day despite the collective oppression, despite the loneliness, despite the rejection my entire life's work revolves around your heart and now back to walking I hope you enjoyed the journey for you have a lot ahead of you and I will continue to do this until my heart stops bleeding which will be the day when it stops beating


༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
https://republicka.life
https://kkk.education
CC0 PUBLICKÁ DOMÁNIA
ALL LOVE RESERVED
AMORIARIACKA IS MY NATIVE TONGUE
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
