༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
🧚‍♀️ Living Neverland 🧚‍♀️
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻

January 26, 2013


Wendell battles to the heart of all of the problems in society and teaches his lost children how to defeat Hook and his evil mind controlling pirates.

Each wrinkle infused into our skin paints a picture into our past and the actions of our present then directs the shape of their future. A frown will eventually infuse into old age and the mannerisms that we utilise will form into the heart that controls them. And as these wrinkles stack, we begin to forget the dreams that once plagued our minds. Popular culture then reinforces this conformity through simple yet repetitive messages and those who see through them end up being marginalised by society. Our path gets darker as the fairies of the world lose the fire that drives them. Because if we lose the ability to interpret non-literal examples into the reality of how we and everything around us functions, then we also inflict oppression that could obtain us real collective insight. And when those who have discovered fairy dust unite, the revolution will begin and the golden freaks who kept their happy thoughts will remember how you treated them when they evolve into your judge, jury, and executioner. Humanity needs a Mother, dear Wendy Lady.


------


05-Living-Neverland-Act-0-Trailer

A real kiss.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



05-Living-Neverland-Act-1

living Neverland. What went wrong? Let's look at the map. There is something very wrong here. I don't think you understand that term the same way that I understand

it. My shadow won't stick. How can we live in a world where everybody knows who peter pan is but at the same time no one know who he is nor care there is so much metaphorical and allegorical meaning in everything you interact with and if you can't see this then you are an idiot this is for you barry what meaning is behind every image of portrayal echo echo echo So, this and places like this has been my home for the majority of the past two years. And that's really for two reasons.

One is that children that are betwixt and between tend not to get jobs, tend not to be employable because they haven't grown up. So no one wants to employ them so people like me end up without money. But it doesn't matter because people like me don't care about money. So society is playing a losing game.

And then another reason is yes if I manage to find accommodation then I can do that. the thing is i get put in places that are really really bad places and places that want to hurt me and and i don't care i mean i'm not scared of anything but why would i want to set myself up to uh fail i mean if you're not going to help your people out um so you know live out prosperous lives for you for the government um for society uh i mean then what's what's wrong with us uh we need to each be set up with what we need and when we can't do that uh things like this end up happening and uh and you know if you want to say anything like you know you're homeless go get a job or whatever you want to say about this uh i do this by choice i am choosing to do this uh because i don't want to be around people that are going to to make me a worse person um it but but right now i'm in a bad place uh like this is my this is half half my spot this is uh half the time this is my spot but right now um i'm in a place with a guy that i really care about and he's not in a good place um but that's my life is going around and finding people that want help and then trying to help them so that's what i'm doing right now you want to now you are now okay so I'm heading to an appointment with my social worker and she's going to help me out with my housing it's been a long story I've been homeless you know on the streets for almost two years now all this started about two years ago from now or longer but on the streets uh then and um and i'll tell you my journey i started off in melbourne and uh because i always thought it was a beautiful place that had a lot of artwork but i couldn't find anybody there um so i'm not fitting in with society i'm trying to make a start for myself. I'm trying to find people who actually want me around because I don't want to be around if no one wants me around. So I went from Melbourne to Bacchus Marsh to Ballarat and I walked most of that and then to Creswick and then to Perth and then to the Gold Coast and then to Byron Bay and then to Nimbin and then to Listmore and kind of all around that area and and then I got driven to Canberra to do all this what I'm doing to free education so and I really want to free education that's what I want to do but the government doesn't understand what I'm doing because because I'm trying to find people that care that would care about me in my life and I'm not finding anybody who's receptive to do that and that means my basic needs are not getting met so I end up not caring about things like food and and a place to live but I always get fed it's just the source is always different and that's what you're going to learn throughout this production is that the source for everything is always different or to get to that source we have many many many methods to get to that source and we can employ or we do employ our media structures and certain perspectives to convey meaning in a certain way and what I want this production to do is to expose that but I just got on disability after two years of doing this and not being able to get employed because people don't want to employ someone like me,

they just realize that, hey, they wouldn't recognize my sleep troubles. I've never slept well at all. I've always had such big dreams, but I don't sleep very much at all. But the thing is, my body tells me to go to sleep whenever it wants to, so I might be in the middle of something and then just have to go to sleep for even 15 or 20 minutes and i can't i'm not really employable in a full-time circumstance or or even depending on what you're doing i mean i had to i had to learn how to make my life what i needed it to be to live in it and being homeless um was was what i needed to do to get there um and now people are starting to listen so now i'm on disability after struggling so much with finances um disability is going to give me enough to actually live and and I'm not saying live like really really comfortably but it's going to give me enough to live how I need to live and still put the money into all of this work that I'm doing and if what you guys if you haven't realized I've just set myself up to give productions to you for free until I can make money off of them so I'm just going to keep giving you everything that I have within me and then the kind hearts that come along in my journeys because I'm not going anywhere yet I mean you haven't killed me yet so uh so if all the kind hearts that come in there can also share their gifts with you and uh and I'm hoping this will have a chain reaction I've given my whole life in this hopes to do it and and I think it will because everything i say comes true um and and people realize this because and people ignore it at first and then and then they realize it later um so that's how someone like me becomes homeless but i always study you know being homeless living in the wilderness eight and a half hours walk from anywhere um any shops or anything like that like you come to learn what is really important and um and that's not what that's not these nine to five jobs that we've structured ourselves into like we can all learn how to make you know money doing what we find is awesome and then we would come out with a lot more interesting people in society if we did this and even though we had to struggle through it to figure out how how we can be useful to society once we do hit the spot in a compassionate way then we got a system there that can stand the test of time and you know each person that does this with their own visions you know contribute something big to society especially if you keep up with it like I do I mean I give everything I'm homeless because of this and the government knows when they give me money that it's just going to go into this and another thing is that a lot of you guys don't don't understand being talked to like a person through our media it's our media that does this um so instead of being talked to like a person we gotta go because i got an appointment but i'll keep talking um but we get we get framed in these all these images and this production is going to teach you that very well All these images of portrayal we get stuck into and we can only understand what someone is saying if they fall into those portrayals because we're only used to those portrayals.

And when people do things like me and actually, you know, ad lib conversation, which is talking to you like a human. I mean, why does our media not address people as humans? Why do we have to disconnect ourselves with the third person? Why do we have to get every scene 100% right?

Like, isn't it kind of 100% right no matter what you do? Because it was the thing that was supposed to happen. If it turns out, you know, a bit screwed up and you stutter a little bit here and there or don't convey your point exactly how you want it, then you are showing your flaws, which you're going to study then and then fix them. and uh and you're showing your character no matter uh what the position um and this is the whole thing is we if we do this we can determine people's character you know very easily uh okay so this is all about right right now this segment is supposed to be all about homelessness which is this production is really going to go into because um who are like my lost boys uh i'm here to teach you peter pan so let's uh and i do want to say i know that it's set in peter pan that uh girls tend to not fall out of their prams because they're much too clever but i tell you that depends on the type of oppression within society um because i'm i can tell you for sure that that's not the case in china right now um so i have just gotten on disability which was leap number one i had to get on disability even though i've been trying to do that for such a long time it's really hard to get on disability especially if you don't have like physical ailment or a mental ailment that can be agreed on and medicated for like a mental thing and it's so difficult so I wouldn't take medications their medications made me feel terrible so I don't take any medications now and I feel great I'm an awesome person because of it But if the government can't understand, you know, that that's my treatment, I'm doing my treatment right now and just help me do it, then we're going to have troubles with this.

So we got to push them. We're going to force them. We're not saying we're not taking no for an answer. Never take no for an answer. It doesn't matter if I die because of this.

Someone else asking will always have the better chance to do it because I already did it. So we're getting, you know, we're learning how to unite our voices.

And the reason why we're doing this meeting is because we have to make a meeting for housing. And that is to get my place. And I've been on the waiting list for a long time. Been trying to get a place for such a long time.

But that's where we're going now. and and i'm on a really big journey to try to pave the way for everybody else while paving the way for myself and and you know what if i fail it does not matter because i'm only the example and that's why i can give my heart in all of this stuff is because i can use me as an example right but but then i can stop caring about me and uh and just let me live through the fate that i was destined to live so then i i become uh able to move mountains um because because i pushed that boulder up and down that hill so many times that i know that um that it's not the mountain that i'm moving but everything else around it let's do this thing and let's see if we can uh actually let's see if can encourage children to be homeless if they need to be in order to resolve all future homelessness problems let's start this journey i don't care if i'm welcome saint vincent de paul rocks

so we're sorting out a meeting with housing uh with me and some other supporters uh to get a house to get on priority lists, but you are very mistaken if you think this meeting was only about housing. We're going to do it. How are we going to lift ourselves up to these heights?

No one knows anything that Peter does not know. Let us build upon solid foundations. At the end of the day, a human is a human, and we all have the same condition. but how we understand and perceive that condition is different since we're all in a different time and place in the world and those who are around us cause us to respond in different ways and we do choose how we respond but then the ramifications of those responses that that we have will uh will then be shown to other people and uh so you will create the lives of all the people around you as well as create the life for yourself and uh this is a really big responsibility considering everything that you do is going to have a huge effect on everyone so this life thing the psychology is a very important topic and currently we misunderstand it entirely and I hope that I can clear that up or at least help clear it up and that leads me to talk about labeling theory and I know I talked about this a lot but this is what we need to discover the relational qualities for so we can fix them so why do we look at certain different certain types of people differently why do we treat people bad so if we even look at an example of you know the interactions you make because you always need to work from in and then you can go outside so what interactions do you make and what effects are they having on other people and if you can start to think about this and you then you realize that uh that that you play a big part in your environment and and when we collectively misunderstand things even when people are out there trying to clear up the misunderstanding when we do that collectively which is pretty much just because we passed that information on and through our government and media working together we have come to a collective understanding of the state of things and and then this gets us to divide people so our so our Our medical industry, our health, you know, mental health industry, then starts to say, well, what is a healthy person?

And they're using the methodology of science, which is only one of many methodologies, to find this answer. So we then lose the big perspective on the whole because we use the typical or most expressed uh actions um or manifestations of an individual we then uh we then use that uh to to determine whether they are making the right or wrong decision and it's from this that we can say that we can take someone's rights away um because they're not of sound mental health which is being indoctrinated from the methodology of science and we have other things in play here because don't get me wrong religion has been a big thing throughout the history of medicine and it was at one point understood as an acceptable method of treatment through spiritual practices but but we've long since lost that because we've given everything over to science but but still our church is still bit play a big heart a bit a big heart a big role in our hearts to help us think that we're actually not terrible people when uh when the fact is we kind of are because because we make people into certain ways if they don't do things a certain way then that's not good and we just got to keep on you know hammering that in until they know that that's not good. And maybe that, that, that, that could actually, um, a method of that employment could be used, uh, instead to, um, direct people to, uh, healthy, uh, forms of mental distribution, because I'm not saying that these, uh, manifestations that, uh, happen in, uh, our mental health are, are good, but I'm just saying that we go, what is it, what medicine can we give to them so you know all throughout my journeys i've been institutionalized twice um i turned myself in both times and right after i turned myself in they go this guy's crazy um let's let's lock him up um and i did i proved them all they retracted all of their uh assertions about me but that was only because i planned out the second time i went in there very very well um so why are we saying people have to be like this look this guy's not employable uh let's give him medications this guy can't sleep uh let's give him medications uh this guy uh thinks about suicide let's lock him up uh this guy talks about stuff that i don't understand let's lock him up uh let's try to get this guy to think how we think let's sit this guy in front of a tv and keep on repeating the simple messages that that ultimately just tell you to keep going to your next nine to five job and and then uh and then we'll see if they they conform and that's what they want to do conform conform become this type of person and uh and think in this way this is what reality is because we know best because we are the collective but the thing is i don't see this collective understanding, this collective psychology anywhere. It is not reality because there is no manifestation. It only goes into reality. So it comes from people and it comes

from people who like to group themselves into certain perspectives and we see this throughout the board. So I'm talking here about religion too. This is what they do. I mean science might be your religion today or or maybe you think it's not but but actually the way society's made you it is think about what you're being fed think about every shot that's set up look at the continuity notice the details notice every single thing notice how long they speak before the shot changes notice what they're trying to convey the deeper message behind it notice the relation between it and all of the other not only productions that the that the cast did um but but also other points in the movie and um and then notice uh you know how many times they have to take one shot one scene you know one scene with like 10 words and it might take you know three hours like what are we doing like i'm i'm standing here on a journey i spent a long time studying to be able to give you this journey uh this journey so uh i'm standing here on a journey uh giving you this ad lib because this is ingrained into my psychology and showing you that this is the way that we should be working and uh and the way that we're doing it right now that's failing uh because we're not looking at the right source to get all of our creative passions uh so let me try to show you that source bring that source to me to you from me i can try to tap into the powers of the fairy the fairies and give you the fairy dust so that you can fly let's do some research into reality and like i said many times we always come back here and this is to really research what it is that I'm talking about or what we're talking about here and this is media that's given to you for free because I think it's important that you understand these topics and if we had enough people understanding what I'm saying then we could really fix so many things in our world um and i know this media that i'm giving you is different and i know it's uh definitely not what what we're used to and uh and i'm playing with it trying to get it working in this fashion because doing our media like this instead of the way we did it before it can help us all learn better become better people and invest our time in education because we enjoy it, not because we have to. And then we can, you know, learn our whole lives in whatever it is we want to learn.

So also, because it is new media, you as the viewer, as the student, as the studier, the person that's receiving this information um you have to just you have to figure out how it how you're going to receive it so you're going to have to figure out you know pause it go ahead i mean i'm making it to do this you can you can repeat these as much as you want you can pause it and walk away whenever you want um i'm making these to be a form of study um that's i don't care what you say much better than anything that we have now and even nowadays when I when I hear people go oh we're gonna pay for my college tuition or whatever yeah that kind of makes me cringe because I mean look at all that I've given you for free and then so many people go oh I want to study philosophy but but then look what you got on the internet I mean I know what I'm talking about I've been doing this my whole life. So, look what you got in front of you. But because I'm doing this for you, let me explain who you is. And that's my lost boys, my lost children. And I say

lost boys and I do tend to say that more boys usually end up like this because girls usually have the charm um to figure out ways not to end up like this and uh so we end up in bad situations and then we got to figure out you know how we're going to perceive those situations and what we're going to do as a result of those situations and i'm telling you you know being homeless isn't isn't what you think i mean what okay so i'm in the wilderness i have you know i live with my animal friends it's really quiet um uh i don't have to worry about most things that everybody else worries about and uh i mean i'm not hurting anybody and you know i'm living green greener than you know anybody else out there that's uh living a normal life uh normal i mean what do we call these things we always have to divide into something or another but but it is very rare for for people to become homeless um but if someone becomes homeless then you got to ask why because there's a problem in our uh social atmosphere there's a disintegration and we got to figure out how to to fix that and especially when you get bright people um who you know spend all their time or most of their time or a lot of their time you know doing good things even when they're homeless uh then you know what does that say for society what does that say for what we're doing there there's some people in there in life you know the window is not always open and when we when we come out of our nest and learn how to fly we're gonna fly around a lot we're gonna see all the beautiful things of the world and have countless adventures but at the end of the day I always wanted to go back and the first time I went back there was a the window open and and then it closed the second time so and that's from my own family and now they don't even want anything to do with me and i'll just say for example uh i they they i email them from time to time and and you know i'm trying to be nice but but they what i understand nice isn't what they they understand is nice and i'm trying to teach them you know how to be better parents how to fix up their parenting problems that they had with me um but they don't like that um which i can understand but they're the ones that caused you know my life to be absolutely crazy which like resulted in me walking away um like there there's some problems here and if we can't take parenting uh advice from someone like me then we have a big problem in society because i spend my life studying these topics and all i'm trying to do is help i mean i don't have any uh any motivations that are not of pure intentions um so you know use what we got and and my heart is always to those those uh that don't get that those that uh that you know want to run away and be able to come back but but the windows closed when they come back and uh and i find them uh i look for for those people. I spend my life traveling the globe, seeking out those who were lost in Kensington Gardens, and on my goat, thank you, and playing my pan flute in hopes to help those who were lost be able to find their place in society. and uh and being my uh lost boys it's a fun job but but i will tell you um that death is very real and uh and from time to time the pirates really do kill us and um and i've seen this throughout my entire life um when i was young kieran and walton and and then emma um and there's heaps in between. I mean, I've probably, I probably have like 10 friends around that at least throughout my life that have committed suicide or at least died in a very strange circumstance. And so many people, the thing is that everybody I see, and I'm saying everybody,

but that I've seen, you know, that has ended up like this has such a good heart, like, and really cares and you know could do so much for society if society would only help them with their struggles and uh almost all the time uh they're they're really talented people who have been alienated and rejected from society because of those talents and uh even though those talents might not conform to what most people consider uh what profitable and i want you to keep thinking about this I mean we see all these ads and these image portrayals whatever is profitable is what we what we get attracted to but but what is value I mean like we got to learn how to fold up the five dollars and and put it in in the river and and watch it go because the thing is that uh that's gonna come to me and and I'll start a big journey because of it so I thought it appropriate to tell you how this production started. I guess how everything starts, reminiscing upon my childhood. And I remember very clearly the first day of my life, or at least parts of it, and you can laugh at me for saying this, and maybe they are fake memories, but But if they are, then I ask you how fake they are.

But I remember being told the story of Peter Pan, peanut butter, peanut eater. And he was always helping, you know, adventuring, helping people. And ultimately always saving his Wendy Jelly or whatever it is. I can't remember all the names.

But I was thinking about these stories that I heard, and I emailed my family, which is my biological brother. I got lots of adopted brothers and sisters, but I got biological brother, father, and mother who are divorced and with other people and both with adopted kids. But I emailed them all, which is the original from my memory. and i asked them uh if they could tell me uh a story of peter pan peanut butter peanut eater and uh and they didn't reply except my father taught me a little bit about it but he refused to tell the story and uh and and he said that i need to grow up and uh and that's the moral of the story but no he doesn't understand the moral of the story because he never looked closely at it because he forgot and uh and that's what i'm trying to do is i mean those who you don't have to forgive i'm not really aiming at those uh to remember but but uh but those who haven't forgotten yet but to be honest i think it will help those to remember um but we'll see and um and we'll see from results but but the first day of my life I was taken to church and this is verifiable but I mean you shouldn't be taking an infant to church but I remember like one of these pictures in my head that I have is a whole bunch of people around me touching me and wanting to pick me up and stuff and then eventually just leaving me there talking about adult things but I was at at church and i knew something was special about it i didn't know what it was or anything but there was something special but but the people around me and and uh and how they were communicating what they were talking about you know this this growing up what he's what is he going to grow up to be with let's theorize about what your your child is now going to be or how you're going to screw them up they probably didn't talk about that because it's all about positivity um at that stage and uh and i couldn't take it i was like there's something wrong here uh this church doesn't have it but this church is an image of what i need and uh and i i never came to realize that i was actually a human so uh so i flew out of my uh my pram then and uh and continued to fly and I've been around all the gardens and had some countless wonderful and painful journeys.

But in order to remember our happy thoughts, we first have to get to the sad ones. So let's see where this production leads. As you can tell, I never plan any of this. I just learn everything that I need to do to do it.

And then everything falls in place and it happens automatically. uh so i hope you're enjoying and again like ivory heart you know i'm trying to make this as interesting as possible for you and uh and ultimately what i'm doing with uh society um with all of these connections that i'm getting um to be able to help me to to live a happy life um, is setting myself up where I can, uh, tutor very special children, and, uh, and I know this is going to be controversial, but this is the life that I have to live, and I, I can't do anything else with it, and the thing is, you're going to either kill me, or I'm going to make this happen, and if I make this happen, then all other people who struggle like I do, um, in the future will, uh, a new path will be paved for them to do it, because, um, then it becomes something that's done already and once you once you've uh you know opened up a can of worms um uh we we tend to get through them eventually and uh and i really really empathize with all of all those people who struggle in life all the people who who think about life and meaning and complexity and care and love and and being a good person and uh and that's what and the thing is is we people that you know focus on these noble desires these these things that can help everybody end up getting uh persecuted in their community and that's what we're going to see later in this film because i'm going to introduce you a little bit more to carmelicity and uh what's happening there and then what we could do in the future to make communities um where we could create create not only an awesome education system but an awesome television platform that could uh entertain all of us in all of our most passionate desires in the best way that we can and share it all in a communal fashion and the the stars would stick out and if those stars connected with other stars and uh and then those stars connected with other stars and and then the ones that are uh really like what you're doing then get on board i mean this all could have a huge chain reaction um because uh i was serious when i said i was going to free education and i've already done it but You just haven't realized it, but we'll see those results play out. Every time I say something, it happens. It might not always happen exactly in the manner that I thought, but it always happens.

So if I say something, it doesn't happen exactly how it happened, but it still happens, then, I mean, look at the results. Look at my past work and look at what I'm saying right now, and then look at the future. I mean, if you can put these things together, you can see exactly what's happening. And what's going to happen, not only in my own life, which also, even though I use it as the example, ultimately it's irrelevant.

I sacrifice my life for people like me. So, you know, what are you following? What are you following? I think you don't realize that it's a hook.

And if you grab onto it, then you're likely going to be stuck to it forever. And I don't know how many pirates we can un-brainwash, but let's try to un-brainwash you so you can fix the world.

Let's learn how to drive.

We're not parking.

But what should we cook up to sustain our well-being? What kind of conversation should be encouraged in society?

Oh, what a day. always an interesting day but at least this time um well at least right now nothing crazy has happened um but we'll see we're still only probably halfway there um but the the question at the end of the day is uh what conversation is appropriate what types of conversation what how should we be communicating with each other and i know that the way that i communicate right now which is the same way that I communicate in person, except obviously I would wait for replies when we're discussing subjects. I know it's not normal, but the thing is, which method of communication is more effective, more articulate, which method conveys more meaning, and which method of communication has more potential for our human civilization in the future. so uh we need to really be discussing these things and uh and we need to think about censorship you know like i i've never got i never get angry at anybody i'm only trying to help and uh and uh i do a good job of it too but then i get censored everywhere and you can see throughout uh my history um see for yourself how much i get censored and well why is that i mean i'm a I spend my life trying to help people.

I consider myself a good person because I've always spent my life to be a good person, trying to be a good person, to be the best person that I can be. So why do we not like media like mine? We like other artistic portrayals of media as long as it conforms to getting your attention. But what we need to figure out is what should be getting our attention.

bang here, crash here, whatever, those fireworks that you're seeing that are enabling receptivity in you, there is many, many bigger fireworks and much deeper meaning behind just the fireworks, just the physical manifestation of fireworks. So we got to look at all different, all aspects, and we got to be able to communicate like this and be able to convey meaning in a time frame that spans over 30 seconds or a minute or is sometimes maybe longer than 2,000 words in an essay format that your school wants you to do, like, why do we try to make people certain ways by discouraging interaction that's different? And this is an unhealthy interaction. we can talk very clearly about this type of interaction and figure out whether it is more beneficial or not to our current practices. And it is because look at me and the outcome of who I am

and then look at someone else. I mean, just look around you and look like, look what our society has created and um and then let's start to question uh all of these things that our society assumes to be one way let's start bringing that those topics up and maybe a lot of those understandings will remain accurate but at the same time all the ones that aren't will slowly be revealed and this isn't just through me doing this this is through everybody doing this um and so once you this and once you start to do this you build uh there's no going back i mean you are building upon a psychology that has unlimited potential to do really whatever you want and uh and how is this well this is just to uh to really deconstruct our own minds our perception of what we see how we interpret that perception and what stands out in that perception and uh in modifying it to uh to to help not only ourselves the best way that we can uh but also everybody else because Mamie that blinded me because Mamie I am interacting with you in the same way that I want you to interact with me or in a similar way and in this way is always evolving, always adapting, always becoming more. Because we realize that not only everyone else's psychology, but also mine is adaptable. And if there's misconceptions that I have that you think that I should be aware of, which is any misconceptions really, then you should be looking at the best way to to convey that to me without hurting me so you need to be considerate of all of my feelings that come up and figure out methods to convey that message in a similar format that I'm conveying these messages and you know I'm doing all of this with heart like it's all it's all for you it's all to I'm gonna be so happy if I ever find the conception that I have made up and and I know ultimately I won't find that conception and I probably shouldn't be speaking about this this portion of the production but I'm going to anyway but I was gonna wait till till later on okay wait before we do that i want to say this place right here uh there's been deaths here there's been murders here uh there's been a lot there's a lot of crime here um this isn't a good spot at all and uh you see good people get put in places like these and uh and usually because you know there's some emotions that they struggle with and uh and can't be profitable to society um because of those and then uh they end up getting put with everybody else that that might not be necessarily good for society at all um but we're we just we just we don't think about what we're doing we'll just put you know someone that can screw up someone else right beside each other um because they obviously can't take care of themselves because because that's what they deem they deem people as uh as being unable to make their own decisions and they i see it all the time especially disabled people um get treated like uh what they think and what they want for their own lives isn't something that should be considered and uh what i was saying earlier that uh i thought important to talk about now even though it's early on in the production but I know that ultimately I'm probably not going to be able to get what I want and and it demonstrated this to me in some of the stories and relational qualities of the material within Peter Pan and all the work surrounding Peter Pan is that a Peter Pan's in a cycle he's in a never-ending cycle and and if you see production after production I'm in that cycle I am in this I am Peter Pan in the cycle and and I guess I didn't realize this point oh I probably always did but um but I am betwixt in between and even though I I might have an army of lost children who who will stick stick by me and stand by me because of exactly the person that I am at the end of the day children children forget and they get old and and even though we might be able to have journeys every spring every spring that I can conceive of uh and and even though generations will pass where I come back every spring um for your granddaughter and and beyond uh at the end of the day this is all that's going to happen and uh I'm gonna get through Mamie I've gotten through you know like whatever you want to consider um with the relational i mean things can be taken for more than one one meaning uh but but from mamie to windy friendy uh to jan and etc and beyond um i guess i will enjoy every venture and journey that i have and uh and and we'll see where that goes and maybe maybe one day uh peter pan will have his first birth first birthday and be able to make the wish that's really important in his heart so we got lots and lots and lots of time so what are we gonna do uh after after the second pass is this second pass the second pass another one look it's another one i don't know okay so what are we gonna do with all of this time and uh The question that I ask you is, are all of your most passionate and heartfelt desires, are they entirely satisfied?

Is everything in your life exactly the way that it needs to be? For your own personal happiness and fulfillment, and are you giving everything that the environment gives you back in some shape or form or form and if you can answer this question then you'll find the answer to the question of what is love as well and even though time and time again we will get arrows shot at our heart even from those who love us and care about us, but every time we will be protected if we keep our priorities right. But what is right? Even though I play beautiful music on my pan pipes and sometimes challenge its authority i always know what's right okay so um it's recording now see that see that button right there yeah yeah just press it uh when you want to stop and you press it again if you want to record um but yeah it's recording now but you gotta put your hands through that i really gotta be careful with it yeah just whatever fingers can do it you gotta take your jumper off. Are you gonna take your shirt off or not? I can see it, I can see it.

And we will never be afraid. Peter Pan learned how to swim. We can't do it here because you can cut it off now. Cut it off? Just press it. On your marks, get set, go.

You have a winner. The other competitor is NBA. He's left the pool halfway through a race. oh got me got me yeah he just like splash man splash man you can talk if you want but it'll be recorded oh no oh I don't think I can even capture it no it's a beautiful tree and I can't even capture the stars really a little bit they are beautiful there's more than the camera perceives it's always more than the camera perceives but we can read between the lines.

Our plan tonight is to pray to God to get a flatboat where it's safe out of the wilderness. Is that cool, Wendell? That's good, that's really good, man. And then we'll go do a bomb, then.

Ohhhh! Diana, Diana, oh Diana, beautiful Diana. You see it good? Yeah, I see it good.

If I had like an SLR, I'd be able to capture it a lot better.

That's the noise that's beautiful. That's not the noise that's beautiful. That's a noisy noise.

Yeah, all right.

Camera doesn't pick it up at all. The playground. Oh, this is so... Oh, wait, wait, wait.

I got a feature here. I think... I'm going to learn how to use... Oh, I'm going to learn how to use the light.

Oh, it's too far away. Oh, I got to go.

Okay. I did I don't know what the camera did okay so here's the deal I've been homeless for the majority of the past two years looking for a safe environment to exist in and because I did not have the supports that I needed in my life I ended up on the streets without really anyone caring about me. So there's the problem. Let's flag it.

Never been able to find that safe accommodation or even afford something where I felt safe and secure around people that don't do bad things often. So that was my objective, and I was willing to go homeless to stay out of those bad areas, and that's what I did. And I had crazy adventures doing it, where I probably should have died many, many times, but somehow I'm still alive. Okay, so we need to put me in safe and secure accommodation.

So, right now, I have my friend Bren, who I've come to care very deeply about, and I'm staying at his place. So, this is a very, very bad area, and Bren really wants me there to make him feel safe and secure, because it's not safe at all. And the thing is that Brent has an awesome heart, and when you're so giving and caring all the time towards people, just like me, then you tend to get walked all over. And when you're in very tight community environments like flats, high-density housing...

Ready? Oh! Oh! Oh!

Oh! Oh! uh what can we can we see the fairy dust from the uh see the fairy okay so um it's this high density housing for every type of person and and then then you put other people in it that have emotional issues um then you're setting them up to fail in life um so the government's not helping me or him out he doesn't feel safe he can't start a life he's an artist and he's trying to start a life in painting and he was never given the right direction to be able to make his life into that and and I've done a lot of business courses and I can help get him where he needs to be and so we got two pathways that are crossing here and and so what can we do to help both of these people or even what can these people do to help everybody um and that is to to give you a solution um that can probably help us all because uh we could be combined in the thought and um and i would be willing to uh to me and bran would both be willing to go into a place get a get a house a house together um somewhere so instead of both of us getting a flat because he needs to get situated somewhere and i need to get situated somewhere in the place that he's getting situated he's getting moved out anyway and he's getting moved out to that place that i showed you and told you that um had big problems in the past uh that resulted in um you know people dying um that they want to put him there because there's work that needs to be done in the current place and the current place is really bad too and you've probably seen it if you know any of my work you've seen some of the issues that we have there what's that what's that it's it's the indians it's the indians they're cool they're cool okay so um we can fix you know two people's problems um just by putting them together and i could help him get his uh art career started and i can can continue doing mine and we could have like a little tiny backyard or something like that where we can uh you know feel feel safe and feel like not everybody's coming to our door all the time um and that's what we're trying to do and uh and we've worked out a way to do it together so instead of you having to worry about to give us two two flats um which i know in well at least in camber right now is really difficult um just put us both in a house and and we'll do fine yep okay that's it how many ways are there to eat a Reese's peanut butter cup in Australia yeah it's filming there you want to eat it how are you gonna eat it yeah like the whole thing in America man is how are you gonna eat that some people stick their tongue in the middle and like work it through and then chew on the peanut butter and there's just some people eat it actually most people eat it whole I'll take it by all right yeah yeah are you getting some people put their teeth and slide their teeth along the sides I think I've seen people eat these weird man you like it my ex-wife she hated chocolate and peanut butter together she thought it was a really bad combination never forget



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



05-Living-Neverland-Act-2

living neverland okay so i need to go to this uh app um this game and it's called shadow era installed it shadow era i haven't logged in yet so um we'll have to see what we do there um because i think i hope i don't have to download anything okay i'm gonna log in so slow like not working at all like 0.00% downloading gotta stop the downloads okay updating failed okay downloading let's see if I can turn the sound down and there's no way to turn the sound down so it's just talking over you log off chat and then load it and see if it does anything all right all right i will shadow error i don't have time to do this so i don't have time to do this there we go did you know that you can pause media any time that you want we need to learn how to utilize this technology and i'm here showing you a way that we can do it through time um through productions that we can pause and uh and go back on and refer to later and uh and consider i'm learning i'm a learner learning how to learn best and i'm trying to teach us how i have learned best that i think could help a lot of people and uh and i think systems like carmelicity um which is a site that is here for not just actors but artists to promote their own work and we can then click on someone and if I do it right. And then I am viewing his page here. his name is Darren let's go look at Darren's page here's Darren and he got some comments so we got comments there and then we got him here and he's an actor a director and a writer and we can look at his works that he has here and Looks like he's done some interesting works. So we can look at those and if any of those works spark our interest we can then check out his work.

Like see if he is actually someone who we would actually like and if he is then he might get a new fan. he seems like he could be a charming fellow. So, um, this over here asks me a question, uh, and it's saying what's the first word in Darren's third credit title, and uh, let me look at Darren's third credit title, and uh, so, okay, let's make sure I did that right. a first word in his third credit title. See, you've got to do that sometimes because you

forget. So, elevator. But we've got to remember what it is that we're elevating. And to be honest, I love this carmelicity system because it can help you connect meaning within your life uh or with what you're doing usually like there's so many times i get inspired with some of these words that i put in and not just those words but the relational qualities to the the titles um so uh what it means from as its whole from its individual perspectives so i just got 13 points there and maybe someone here going to sorry I'm using my left hand here and I can do a lot of things with my left hand but the mouse the trackpad is not one of those this is the right-handed camera do it I'm also looking through the scope of the camera to see it which is probably not a good idea okay so uh so i viewed some people and uh and some people uh have also viewed me said look he looked at my work awesome and um i'll go back a little while to to show the sort of ways it works but but see i think we can use these systems for education if we get you know good communities in here who do this sort of thing for free do the sort of thing that I do and um and share it with each other and and we can get certain themes um so we see here you know uh they like what is love what is love it's a bit hazy right now but let's clear up what is love and and see they have to go into these works and actually view the pictures and everything that go along with them so they get exposed to my work and they at least know you know what I'm about and uh and that's you know my mission for them really like they are my target audience I'm all about the actors the future actors of the world um but not all these people are like that a lot of people are so career focused um and it's all about the stats they're only here about the stats and that's what's happened is we've gotten trolls and um and there are people that don't think that what we're doing is ethical you know viewing each other's work which will increase our stats and make other people view our work um because our stats are better because we're viewing each other's work um and systems like these if they can't um you know like we're just trying to promote ourselves we're trying to get ourselves out there um we're not doing anything wrong and see this is the whole thing it repeats with everything anything that is different than normal or understood as normal um collectively we have problems with so we have a members list um which is said is we're fraudulent which saying we're we're being we're frauds and uh i made my move and you'll come to understand what move i have made here because we have a lot of stories coming together right now and uh and this is what i say right there um because this is a story within this community and how they've treated me um which they haven't treated me very well at all and i've kind of become the black sheep in it which i don't really mind anyway because at least I'm getting exposed and they know who I am and what I'm about. But my arguments are always based upon solid foundations. So no one can ever challenge

me and successfully justify their own actions. So we get a huge community that will view this. A lot of people read all of these messages that I post all over this site trying to help really. That's all I'm doing each and every day with everything in my life.

As you can see, that feature was just enabled, we couldn't delete these before, but now we can, so it must have been a feature upgrade, which happens every once in a while, which is good. But if we look at background conditions here, not there, the success. make success our foreground conditions and click on it then we can see that there's been a lot of people that have seen that and we're talking about Carmelicity wanted to make a movie and I want to talk about what people from Carmelicity think about what Carmelicity is and and this is where they don't most people don't respond it's like why can't we just talk to each other I mean like this is all new so so why aren't we you know learning how to communicate with each other better like this is meaning this is all all meaning and so we made well I'll show you what happened here this is the this is the results of what happened earlier from some trolls but there's me okay and and then here's I got I got some trolls here on my on my page which I think is so funny I give it all to me I'll become so popular give it to me thank you okay so that's three okay so then we got trolls on other people's and and um me trying to you know keep up with what i can considering everything i'm doing right now like i'm so busy um i'm always busy though but i'm always doing the most important thing in the world and if you're not doing that then maybe you should read um assess your own life but here we got you know other troll uh issues and uh here's another one and here we got another one but the thing is this is through it's the same one but but this is throughout um a lot of different we got other ones that i'm following a lot of them and and i'm trying to you know talk explain carmelicity for what it actually is and not what they have wrongly assumed that it is um and i think it could be so much better especially if interest groups of certain types uh took it over and uh and i think that's important because um because we could we could all do what we love doing best with you know the right people for us around there so um that's what's happening you know here on this end and as a result um we show uh what i did to respond. Now I'll show you this one more clearly and talk about it.

So they created, oh sorry, I'm scattered. Okay, so you can see that I'm on a list now and I don't have any choice about being on this list because you can add anybody to any list. So people exchanging and coordinating IMDb likes via etc via carmelicity.com Okay, but the thing is that that was put so much meaner before and that's still put like pretty cruelly like that's not what we're about and um and uh i mean just look at the name like can you seriously not consider background conditions um so i'm on that list now and 71 people apparently 79 people from what i was told um are actually appearing in it um so what uh what are we gonna do um to to fix this and i i propose this and this is going to show carmelicity for the community that it is and if this list stays exactly how it is um then then it's going to prove carmelicity for for what it is so that the trolls will get everything that they want um or or be shot down by a loving community and uh yeah yeah yeah yeah so remember look you got a pause button here and you need to learn how to zoom into everything and then we have me here so I'm happily a Carmelicity fan because I think it's awesome and I think it's enabled me to do a lot of things that I normally wouldn't have been able to do and just being one person who a lot of people don't like and then we also have someone else that has decided to join this list And you see, this list is volunteer, is voluntary, voluntary, voluntarily, whatever, I don't care how you say it, it's a volunteer. So only people that have said, yes, I will be on that list, which means they are proud that they are using Carmelicity to gain their exposure in the world, then they will choose to be on this list.

and as you see we got a heart going on and if it only ends with with this one person then um then we'll stand strong and uh and at least we can feel secure in our own decisions in life and um and be good people because uh if you're using something and and you're saying it's all about love and then you're not demonstrating that in your actions um and there's a problem there and i've been telling the carmelicity community about these problems um for for a long time and it's it's really sad um because you can just go into let's let's do just one okay each one of these are a topic and i tend to dive into every topic at least eventually and i've been in this community for six months now um so i am established here especially with all that goes on in my life because it's all about this i'm a sociologist uh doing in the field research and carmelicity is an example of one of the systems that we could employ to do it i think we could do it a lot better but I think that the foundations set up are good and I think we can build really good systems like this that can promote everybody and see I'm all throughout there and you can see those, but it goes throughout all of these posts and you can see sometimes there's replies and I would say like 98% of the times it's me replying to it because no one's replying to it, but everybody always replies to, you know, set survival, here we got one reply and because this is the things that are there, they're important, you know, a critique on acting that's not important but but facebook likes uh well i guess that's not important you can see there's other people that aren't important but usually those will come back um but every single one of mine um so are pretty much ignored i support okay so we gotta look at everything we interact with in a different manner and uh here's a tablet here's a computer um my legs asleep and i'm falling over oh i got a message of something all right here's an e-book reader um this this battery lasts like a month um so if i really get in trouble then i can still you know um do what i need to do to study and uh but i prefer audio books i really do i like connecting with the emotions of the people or what they felt when they've read it at least and sometimes you can get good ones of those but but all of these devices um are are pretty much remotes and you start you got to start learning how to use the remote for the source and and this is where it's to get spiritual because uh because we're dealing with um you know the divine materials and uh and my camera is dying and i got a plug here and maybe i can i can continue uh i don't know it looks like i can okay so we also have a phone over here which is really only um which is quite a while actually only really used for for sharing wireless really and I do have another phone that I got that phone I got this phone and and that's just that hardly ever has credit on it but I received calls from that I didn't have one of these for a long time but you got to keep extra batteries and stuff like that around and and all of these like this will connect to a server this will connect to a server I mean all of these devices that that will connect to a server you can even set up proxies which I know you don't really understand what I'm talking about but over time you will and you like little like devices like that they'll all help you they'll help you and you see your data like that's that's important right there but but everything that's important on that should be on this beautiful web and and if we we use utilize that web then we cannot integrate that into our own productions so so that that was sort of the nothingness that's the divine that well I'm going to at least use as an analogy right now but we have all these devices and we have stuff like this that'll you know give us you know a number and then we can log into our bank because you know we don't always have a phone to get numbers and we might not have network reception which happens all the time living my lifestyle and we you'll need you know multi tools to do whatever you want with and I mean because you need you only be caring a little bit it's all about what you're caring and and when you don't have a lot you got to really think about what you can use and every single thing that you use you'll end up using your productions and uh and we'll be able to you know take a lot of different artistic portrayals don't say this is better quality than that or this isn't any good and this one is or anything like that because uh we got a lot of different devices that we can use and and we can use them in very artistic portrayals if uh if we so desire because they're there for us and and the quality will come out like it needs to be for whatever the production is

so like we we should really start thinking about you know what is art and what what what do we understand art to be um what can each and every individual understand art to be and this is my understanding of what art to be and you become so powerful being able to just take anything in your environment and uh and manipulating it to come out however you want because you understand Oh, what's it doing? So, when you start to look at meaning in a really complex manner, then it really gets us understanding the world we really do live in and whether you think that the reality that i'm speaking about um is any correspondence that actual reality has any relational qualities to actual reality um that's for you to determine but at the end of the day i mean what am i doing wrong um i'm only a guy trying to help a lot of people and if you don't think i'm helping a lot of people then that's okay um and if you do then then that's cool too um but uh i do it all for free and why am i doing it um because i well ultimately because i've been given cards in my head that uh that society doesn't accept and um and kind of i'm suicidal because of that i don't want to live um because but i just don't want to live not because of you know my life because my life's awesome and i i'm awesome and i feel myself to be an awesome person and always get better um but i'm lonely i'm really lonely and uh it's only been recently that i've had you know people personally stand up in my life um uh to say that they you know like what i do and want to be a part of uh of um of what uh you know my life my um but because my life is is all of this that you see and I can spit out web pages and I can show you all this crap but you can see for yourself because I have made a rabbit trail and once you open Pandora's box you will have to get through all of the ills of the topics at hand before we will be able to get to that hope that's at the end of of our journey and uh that's what I'll do right now and there's strength here but if you see there's also strength in the middle and uh and the whole thing is is that through me going through this process then uh then I get to give strength to someone else um so right now and all of my artistic portrayals that that you might think oh they don't they're not like they should be because of me has taught you that it must be of this certain quality and that quality is not really a quality because the meaning behind it um it lacks depth um because the real fireworks that we will see and this poster just came up just now I just wanted to say like I was really surprised that I got it in the camera but that's what we should always remember and here's the process to get to that end bit and we're going to do it and tomorrow we got something big happening and I'll tell you about it a little bit later but here's our journey and uh and it starts off with pride and uh and i'm going to and i'm i've spent my life uh trying to help people i mean i've sacrificed myself um because because i i love people so much but but they don't love me and um and it doesn't matter at the end of the day because uh because I got pride in all of this I'm doing and you know I spent the last what year uh becoming all of this for you to to show you how we could fix it all and you know I never wanted to become this um until I didn't have people who were in my around in my life and no matter where I went, who were receptive to these topics. So, I have pride in everything that I am doing, and none of you will be able to change this fact. Here is our journey in the near future.

Okay, so here is our upcoming journey. And this is my bank, so we'll see when and if we get them. And I have to earn these. Anybody that knows my past with these things, I have to earn them.

I just earned this one with all of the stuff that I've done with them standing up for communities and systems like Carmelicity who can ultimately enable a lot of people. to expose their work who might not necessarily have a chance otherwise and I'm telling you this is the systems that you're going to be using because you're not rich and that is the limitations of what you don't want to live a life, you're going to live a life of poverty okay let's we got Photoshop you have to learn that Photoshop I'll open these for you I've been really playing with just real images lately and I think this is kind of my style I know I'm gonna be launching a music career soon but I've been really careful about that because I want to actually do a unique type of music um so that's why it's taking so long for my music career but but um because I have to develop that and um here's photoshop and you'll learn um how these work and uh I guess we can look at what we just saw before uh so this is every noble vision ends with fireworks which you can see what those fireworks are and how we can get beyond our problems, which is a common theme I've been using. But there's layers over here and you can move around those layers and play with stuff. You can see I try to keep the original images in there and was hard to get that capture because it was only a split second that you could see it but but it was all like we could always see it it was always there um but if we're distracted and then we look back like that's what happened in the video um we just got to be able to capture that glimpse and be able to follow that um so that's photoshop for you i've already shown you vegas and you can look get Vegas on other films if you're interested and then we got VNC we got virtual network connections going on for sir we got servers everywhere here and it's really easy once you get used to it audacity is a program that we'll have to use and I've also shown that I think I think I've shown that and I've shown something but then I got you know my projects folder and and put you know projects are unless I'll do a messy one so let's go to divine tragedy let's go to ivory heart and let's go to whatever like this is sort of the directory structure I'm showing you but those files those are the final ones that's the source file, those are the final ones that I do. You have to be careful because you're

working, I mean it's hard work, you're working with, you've got to make a DVD after, so there's my DVD image. I got gold that was from a different production. Sometimes I scatter things and leave things there hoping to move them later and then forgetting about them and stuff like that. And when I come back to them, I'm not sure whether I need them or not, whether I have them elsewhere. But in that I end up with a lot of data because of that and I end

losing a lot of data because of that and I'm gonna be honest all throughout my life I've accidentally deleted data so I'm very used to that and then there's programs like these that you can use to to really influence you and and there's There's a lot of speakers there, we can use electronic voices, and we can hear that in many different ways, and we can manipulate the voices and make it faster, and I know a lot of people don't like those voices. They're natural sounding voices, but a lot of people don't like them, but I tell you that if you just keep on listening to them again and again, then eventually you'll be able to understand them and and then you can even increase the speed and then you can end up reading through a lot in a very short period of time and and then you have to work on being able to comprehend and then you got to find the point where you can comprehend the the same amount at this at the speed that you take it and and then you got to go well uh how fast can i comprehend and and you can train to get faster and faster i can hear i can hear pretty pretty fast because i trained it for a long time um but i'll show you sort of things we can do with that um so we're going to firefox and um Um, and let's just say, we'll go to Con Realicity, we'll do it, we'll do it, oh, I hope it's there.

I hate typing on these things, I'm getting a keyboard case for it, it only cost me like three dollars from China, I'm supporting that, sorry, um, I'm poor, I'm doing all this for free and I do this because this is my passion and I can do nothing else in life, uh, this is what I'm built to do. And I'm really built that way because of how society has treated me. And I tell you all the time to kill me if you have a problem. And if you can collectively come to do that, then I'll do it. Because I'm just trying to, you know, live. I'm just

trying to be a good person, a good life. We've got to care for the soul. And even if my work is very controversial, I still think we should talk about these topics. So, I will, I guess, then really inframe this in you and show you how much our technology and us with that technology, if we can only use it right and employ it in a healthy manner in a way that we can really love each other because that's what really matters in our society we can just work out how to make it profitable along the road which we can and we can all I mean we'd be a really rich society so you can see like I got a new document here and I just copied that stuff I mean I can copy anything I want um the the internet is your palette because there's a lot of books you can get and I'm going to tell you like anything that you can't get for free, can't get for free, isn't worth your time because there's a lot of stuff that you can.

So then all I need to do is bring this little bar up and we can hear it again and again. And then we hear it again. Most of you are here to get likes. Most of you here could care less about the work that you view.

Okay. And then we go and go into the settings and then we go to language and input and text to speech. And you can see we go configure this thing and we configure it and then we instead use another voice. So that was Victoria. Thanks Victoria. I used a really high pitch voice there.

but Brynn thought it was cute and I think it was kind of cool, but it goes lower, you can adjust the pitch depending, it was like the highest, that girl, but I mean, so just get your ears. Most of you are here to get, care less about the work that you view, but a straw man will blow away. Okay, so you just got to keep on doing that and if if every night you press that button with this content Really really this this content and and You know realize what these communities have the potential to do then we can really take the internet for our own and make it whatever we want and I can make these productions as long as I want and keep on talking as much crap as I want because I know that my words aren't crap and I can show you that through demonstration, through my actions, through continuing a conversation or even if it is one-sided by showing you my ingrained character and that I understand all of these topics really, really well because I no longer have to write. I guess I still make mistakes.

But once I understand the topics well enough, then the book will come into a form of media portrayal that I will be happy with. And this is really what I'm trying to do Because if we just use systems like this, and if we just learn how to, you know, not need to, uh, feel the need to hurt anybody through them, um, then when those needles come, we will be most prepared to deal with them. And, um, and, and when any inconsistencies pop up in our, our existence, we will be in the best, uh, the best position possible to, you know, learn how to rectify it. rectify them because like there's just so many issues that have been overlooked in our society and so many things that society has inflicted upon our way of life or our potential way of life that if we don't identify these oppressions and rectify them in our collective understanding then they will take us over, and I'm telling you, they will take us over if we don't learn how to put them on a leash, because the internet is going to unlock so much, and we're going to see one result or the other, and I'm not sure if you've seen that movie Idiocracy, but you should if you haven't, and you should know that that's the sort of society we can really come to look forward to.

But I do this each and every day and starve as a result and suffer so much. um just to give you this for free uh to show you that that what really what is important and um and what we can can make it uh which that's still not charging that thing's dead but that's why i needed that okay but that is i mean i've talked so much and i'm gonna keep talking because we still got another part of our journey and we'll have to do that tomorrow morning um but but i just want us to really uh you know deeply consider what it is we're sitting on here and um and how we you know employ our education systems with what we're sitting on is going to have uh uh so many causal chain reactions that if you can't take this on as your own responsibility, then you'll have, then I'll make it, uh, I'll show you how it is your responsibility. And then if you choose differently, if you choose then still to be ignorant about these subjects, then, uh, I'll expose that too. And I don't care. And I'll be a child the whole

time doing it. And, uh, and the thing is that Peter Pan knows everything and, uh, everybody knows that Peter Pan knows everything so and and and the ultimate thing is like everything always comes together in my productions when my productions happen they just happen and everything in my life comes together into one set so I'm trying to give you an overview through lots of different snapshots of what it is that I'm talking about, through real life examples. And my friend here that, oh, that happens and you got to make sure you stay charged, especially if you don't have a place. But I'm here with my friend, Bren, and he has told me multiple times that he feels that I protect him. And that's really why he wants me here. And I'll tell you why this is.

is because Brent has a really good heart, and Brent's scared of people, and the reason why he's scared of people, well, that's because people have always taken advantage of him for his kind heart, but the thing is is that when they do that, he'll still let them do it, and he sometimes, most of the time, most of the time knows that they're doing it, And then ends up just reaping those consequences of people taking advantage of him. And I mean, he just wants to do good for everybody. He wants to help everybody out. He's like me in that perspective.

um uh so you know why are but we're putting people like that with people that you know still and and and cause drama and and i mean that's a lot of emotional damage and he's really he's really struggling you know emotionally with it um so much so that you know he invites a homeless guy that you know i get he feels that that i'm stable person um but but to come and stay with him at a at a breakfast a free breakfast um and i'm always looking out for black swans so that was definitely one of them um but and he did you know he lucked out with me because he probably wouldn't get that he doesn't get the other times when he um puts his neck out there But the thing is, he always keeps doing it, even when it has bad results, which is what I'm doing, too. So I can't say anything different. I mean, he's my lost boy, and I've got to do everything I can do to help him. And I was in a situation, I wanted a flat.

I wanted a flat. I wanted a back cave just for me, just one person, just one person. Now I can just put my stuff there, walk away from it any time, and go back to it and be okay that my stuff's going to be there. Like, you can't do that in the wilderness.

I mean, sometimes, like, animals get into my stuff, so it's gotten into my stuff sometimes. But, so, you never know. But I just wanted to place myself, you know, that I had the only key. But then I decided that it would be, you know, it would be better for Brynn if I helped him.

And I could help him. i can help them a lot um and and that's not the only thing you know i mean i got i got lost children all all around not just in camera but but throughout the world because that's what i do is i travel the world and um and the more people get to you know know who i am they everybody knows i'm a documentary maker and i make documentaries about my own life and then people that involve themselves in my life end up knowing that i'm including them in these documentaries and if they want to be involved in my life and that's what they have to do and they know that and then they always end up getting you know become becoming better for it and they know i manipulate their psychology and they know all of these things and uh and they keep they keep coming back because the thing is as I care about each and every one of you and I want us all to be able to get along um in a caring fashion I mean we don't do that we don't do that oh why can't we just care about people and and I'll fight the absurd and and I'll I'll overturn my you know human emotions that I'm supposed to feel about about you know people saying really horrible things to me and uh I really just look at those things in a different way because they're saying those things for a reason and we need to figure out why they're saying them so then we can rectify those problems um so i mean the problem with these trolls isn't what they're saying there's a psychological issues behind there that you know cause them to say cruel things without actually examining people's work or Or even examining closely how the systems really function and how the community works together. And even how it could, because this sort of stuff is new and there's so much potential. Because, you know, if I found a lot of people like me, I mean, not like me, but like do awesome stuff that I do.

I mean, they're my teachers. They're the people I want as teachers. and if I can create a community like this with a lot of people that do crazy stuff like I do that record it and educate people at the same time through entertaining ways then we're going to change the world that's what's going to happen and whether or not I'm the only person in the world that does this ever again which I'm not going to be doesn't matter because I've already changed the world and the content that I have is uh is going to stand the test of time uh so i'm not worried about that at all and i've just liberated myself entirely to get to where i am now where i'm living on the cloud um to be able to walk away anywhere and not worry about data of any sort um that's taken a lot of time and and it took a lot of money to be able it's like oh i need this next need this next need this next need this but the thing is you always get what you need for whatever it is you have so you might only end up with a tablet for a while but you've got to manage um to be able to make this little thing be able to do all it is that you need to do and because it's not that tablet that computer that that it's not it's not this this card right here right it's not it's not that thing it's not this thing right here. You've got to look at the different sides. This is a means to an end.

What is that end? Does using more of this help obtain that end or attain it any quicker? Well, we've got to decide what levels. Let's really assess this. And all of these things that come

into your life, you're going to be just going between a lot of different devices, and you can't get attached to any of them because those devices don't belong to you. Those devices belong to the source that you're working for, and the reason why you're working for that source is because that source is unlimited and uh and then you can create really really awesome stuff um to protect your heart against um really really uh to avoid your own damnation and um and however you want to interpret this allegorically metaphorically or even literally I don't care, or even some other type of way, then whatever, but that's what it's talking about, and I've gone on for too long, and I'm sorry, but this is what you're getting, and you're getting, I mean, it's good, everything I'm saying is good content, and I'm sorry this is the way I communicate it, but it's the best way I know how, And I'm looking for people who also want to communicate in this manner because communicating in this manner is awesome because you not only show your emotions and experience through all of your emotions while going through the topics, but you gain a really high level of understanding of what your own reality is and all of the topics that you deal with. Um, so, so if you really want to, uh, uh, if you really feel the need to criticize someone, then you should be giving, uh, logical, uh, uh, reasoned, um, critiques. uh from from actual um i guess footage or from the viewing of the work uh that's what you're ultimately here for and and if we're not looking at people for their work and what they've done then we missed a huge step um which i guess goes to what you are in society and we respect people in society like don't respect your parents because they're your parents respect your parents because they uh they're good people and and if they can't come to accept that you dedicated your own life to be a good person um then in in whatever uh imagination land that you want to exist in as long as it's not negatively affecting anybody else um then then you should not have to stay with your parents and and if you have to walk out and and live with the beautiful animals of our environment then that is really something that i will i will not say not to do because Sometimes we need to make extreme decisions and even make sacrifices to achieve a better result at the end of the day.

Disintegration leads to integration. If we do this, if we allow children to be homeless, then we'll be exposed as the idiots that we are. I mean, children that want to, you know, dedicate their lives towards, you know, healthy education, if we don't enable them to do that, if it is what they want, then, like, there's some problems, and we might have to take drastic measures to resolve that problem, And some of us will die in that process. But to die, now to die, that would be an adventure.

And we will eat mushroom soup and egg drop soup and lasagna with the nicest cheese and the nicest texture inside. and fried okra and and grits cheese grits really really cheesy grits and uh and and mexican uh really awesome vegetarian mexican and we all have the best meals ever And they will sustain our bellies until the next day, in which we can potentially have a real feast. And our bellies will always poke out after those ones. It's getting late. It's like 2.45 in the morning.

and I had a really busy day. Today, yesterday, whatever, the day that I'm in within the second is, whether that matters or not, who really cares? I mean, we're just following the sun and the moon anyway. But I'm really getting tired and I didn't sleep well last night And I really don't ever sleep well, and a lot of nights I don't sleep at all, and this might end up being another one of them.

But this sort of stuff happens to me all the time, and I learn how to push through it. I do want to make it clear that this is not cool. I'm not trying to promote this at all. this is a bad drug, and if one cannot learn how to take it without getting addicted to it, then it's not a good drug at all, and by me smoking, I'm telling you really who I am, and I might make it look cool, because I make everything look cool, but smoking cigarettes is not cool and um and and there's been things in my work that have been telling me i have to quit and and that's something that i'm gonna have to work on and i know that's coming up in my future so we'll see where that goes but i guess back to the topic at hand i mean my life's so complex like you think i mean this is just the tip of the iceberg uh peter pan you know pig bailey on like I could keep going and I will and I will keep going for you um but uh I got Brandon has an appointment tomorrow morning um with a uh a guy at actually housing he has an appointment at housing to talk to them they want to move him to Northbourne Flats like I told you and that's not cool the place is dangerous and it's dangerous here too and the thing is he got a doctor's certificate and everything saying that he was like he's emotionally distressed from being here and his personality he shouldn't be exposed to what he is being exposed to and it damages him all around and we need to enable him to be able to live a life that doesn't suffer and I'm trying to figure out how we we can all do that using you know our situation as an example so I have to get a letter of reference made up and and I got I know exactly what I need to say but I can't ever push I never push anything I let everything come I always let if it needs it's It's always going to come, and I just wait for that moment when it sparks in my head.

The lightbulb moment. The search for the beautiful, and once you find that beautiful, then you can grab onto it and ride it out for all that it has held within it, but I'm getting very tired. We'll see how I go, and it's a big thing that I'm getting very tired because I probably should get some at least you know at least an hour or two sleep um because i got a big journey tomorrow we got a big journey tomorrow and uh and i'm not going to release what that is right now um but you've seen a lot uh you've seen pirates around and um and starting to learn you know what those how to actually be able to identify those pirates um so uh tomorrow we got uh the journey and um and ultimately it's to save you wendy it's to save you jan it's to save you whatever name that you so happen to become through my journeys into fantasy um it's it's to save you from hook because hook has stolen you and uh and i need to to to track the line back to the source of the problem um so we can remove that hook and uh finally defeat uh the nasty pirates so we can live happily ever after in the land of uh never ever ever never never never land never never land not never ever always always always I guess I don't know I screw up and and I think it's kind of funny when I screw up and when I screw up usually um it makes me think of something in a different way when I come back and study it so I think that's kind of funny when I do that um so that's what you're getting in these productions as well you're getting first takes of everything first takes of everything I've learned how to you know ingrain all of this material into my head. So I can regurgitate it in different perspectives, different manners.

You know, as long as I exist in the world and I'm here so I can understand it on very deep levels and understand high methods to interact with it, with your environment around you. So, I don't know. Listen to me or don't. I don't care. That's your decision. I'm giving this to you for free. So, if you don't like it, close the tab. Or maybe think about really considering even a few of the things that I say.

and I think maybe you could probably study this in a few different ways depending on how you learn I mean you might want to just listen to the whole thing in one go and then but the thing is you're going to miss stuff you're going to miss a lot of things doing it like that and uh or you could watch in intervals or or I mean however you're able to study you know I'm kind of giving you the maximum and then you can you know turn it down to whatever level works for you so that's how these productions are working I think that each person that does something like this should be thinking about these sort of ways so that's why I think out loud you know that's why I'm telling you out loud what I'm doing all I'm doing is doing something and then explaining well how I'm doing what I'm doing and in doing that we can develop a model that will work for you know any sort of really any anything that we we interact with I mean it's everything so so let's see how receptive this this information that I'm giving will become and it's going to be really interesting because a lot of eyes will be on this video because it's uh it's it's uh well now we got trolls carmelicity housing uh the police uh and uh we will and mental health services uh all involved in this and and not only that there's uh there's religious organizations in the background too i mean so we got a lot and i'm saying like not just one of everything but we have a lot going and i got a lot of supports and there's there's multiple people out there that think what i'm doing um you know it should should be allowed uh and you know want to help help uh help me achieve that so um let's let's continue our journey and i guess i'll show you the letter um but whenever that comes and i'll give you the time to I mean this is a documentary we got to learn we're documenting our lives how we're gonna talk if we're if we're a documentary uh if we're documenting our lives how are we going to document our lives uh to be the most you know educational um way possible uh so this is what I think is um but really to teach because this should all trend I want you do it you should do it you're smart like every people brilliance is born you think you think this uh just came out of the belly i mean yeah of course i was always awesome but but that's because i always knew i was awesome and and the more uh the more i knew that i was awesome and the more i was able to push my limits uh the more awesome i became and i just got i was always in that cycle of knowing that I'm awesome, becoming even more awesome, or even saying that I'm more awesome than I am, and then becoming more awesome than I am. I mean, we got a lot of ways to trick our psychology, and I use what I need to do what I've been told to do. So, let's see where this journey takes us. Oh, I just wanted to make something clear before I continue because I don't want to forget.

And I guess that's how I work a lot of my things, is when I remember, I'll put it in. And usually that's appropriate for the time that I'm putting it in. And I guess we're really speaking about friendships here. But I had that Simon is fat in the text.

Simon's not really fat. Simon is a built guy and he works out but it's funny because he was actually talking earlier on and he said Simon is fat and I wrote Simon is fat in there so that's why the text to speech was said Simon is fat it was just there and I used it oh and all this work is not mentioning all of this work too. I give myself a lot to do, don't I have? I ordered these. They are Ethiopian tribal pipes and they're old pan pipes and I think

that would be really cool to have and obviously they'd be functional. It would be really easy to make them functional if there was any problems because it's a very basic instrument. So that's what I'm looking forward to and it wasn't too expensive for a musical instrument and I'm awesome with it even though I've never played the instrument and I'll tell you why this is. It's because once I want to learn an instrument really well I get obsessed with it, and whenever I take that journey to get obsessed with this, I will eventually produce very good music, and then I can utilize that other music with the other musical instruments that I know, and even create productions with something like Fruity Loops or something like that to get into music as well, and I will be singing in my future.

too, so I will do a lot of things. It'll be fun. Okay, so that's what I got. Just the case. Just the case. And I guess this thing's not going to load. That's what it looks like.

It has a USB keyboard. You see all these things. They're just things. And we can make use of them and make them all kind of one thing. And if we do this, then the things that we

have, we won't connect with them. And I'm telling you, the things that you have in your hand are somewhere. You know, they're only yours. And you only have rights to them until another person comes along in your life who is more suitable for them, who it was meant for more because maybe it's perfect for you right now but it won't won't be perfect for you later and it will be better for someone else and even if you had to go through a few small sacrifices then you would end up with the the most appropriate equipment possible that you you need while while gifting those you know, around you, either giving it to them or giving it to them very cheap. And we can

develop strong bonds with each other if we can just learn how to do that, how to stop caring so much about this money. We've got to stop wanting a dollar in each other's pocket. I can't live like that. I can't do that. It doesn't work for me. So I'm sorry, but that's

That's what needs to happen.

Let's learn how to study while at the same time moving mountains.

who I didn't care about over the last six months. Took me in off of the streets and gave me a place to crash for a few nights a week. Those who are gentle causes great strain on Bryn's psychological perception of the world. Housing should enable a brilliant mind like Bryn's to be able to integrate into society.

Intellectual depth that most would never even consider. Great artist and only to be provided with the right home to his artwork. I really wanted a flat of my own, and I still do, but I need first. Helping others help themselves.

Those around me want my help and I always give it free as an artist when he a place that will enable him to develop a quiet studio where he is not startled by the doorbell. How much will the government let people suffer before it steps in to rectify injustice? And if the trade of two flats on the waiting list for one house for the both of us action quickly cannot be obtained, then I support Brynn to be moved somewhere safe. Northbourne would be really bad on both his and my psychology.

Brynn has mentioned on multiple occasions that he would prefer to be homeless than Northbourne where you are trying to put him. Compelled to become homeless to save his own psychology, then I support him and will do everything in my power to make his journey into homelessness as easy as possible. I teach my lost boys to empty their chamber Let's see if I can get a little bit of sleep I really need it, I'm really tired But I don't think I will be able to You know, these things never work out comfortably, but they always, in the end, work out the best for the long run, and that's what we need to be thinking about, and if we suffer short-term to, in the end, enable long-term solutions, or aid long-term solutions, then we're doing the right thing.

Good night.

I hope the bedbugs bite.

Catch your dream. they're right there for the taking what's wrong with action for points like seriously let's let's see I already showed you one let's see who else there is today we'll go get points we'll go to see if there's any higher points I always put mine as high as especially by the high 16 points make people have when they click on it gives them more exposure but it depends on what I'm marketing so depending on what I'm marketing will depend on what let's see some 16's here so we got this guy right here Brandon Whitney and we'll look at him all right this is a movie he wants to show us a crash pass comedy It doesn't have a description. I hate that. I like to put up when they're good, but there seems to be quite a few people in it.

I always look for people I know. I look for people that are in the community that do it with them, and a lot of times there are, which is really good to hear. We didn't really learn much about that one, but we can put that on user error because all it says is Crash Pad. it's like well what can we know we can know it's a comedy we can uh we can see that it's not been rated yet so it's not really that popular but if you look it's 2013 too so uh we'll see but we can like it just like it over there so we just liked it hopefully he'll give some more information later and i'll come across it uh and be able to you know read what he's he's actually doing but that's the process and most of the time you have more information that you have pictures and stuff like that um so now i just got points for that uh was that really uh an unethical thing like what these big businesses do um these big corporations like this right here is healthy marketing so if you got a problem with that um then then you you should just look at what it is that i'm doing because because this isn't a bad thing i'm marketing and it's all fake like there's no fakeness to this because it's real people with real views and uh and each time i learn about people and and you know their direction in life and what they're doing and uh and maybe in the future it will uh it will pay off with with some connections some healthy connections um but we'll see uh so at the end of the day are we going to like ourselves and uh and give ourselves more chances to uh to you know uh be good people and actually look at what the systems do before we uh before we judge them but you see this this is this right here is what's going to screw it up okay you see that you think this is a solidarity this isn't solidarity um do you think uh we'll go here do you think uh this right here is solidarity you think you know they've been there for ages and they're getting been getting a lot of views and you think that's solidarity um i usually hardly get any likes here like sometimes zero because i'm really controversial but we got we got something happening here and that's good and then we got you know three with the list um but considering this was originally a list of like you know 72 people um we we can see that we're very very scared of people that are you know mean that they're just saying really mean things um so let's uh look at what we're talking about before we make negative judgments I mean this this is a really it has a lot of potential this tool but as you can see I was taken off the list that the list is gone now not sure why but that happened you know I guess last night



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



05-Living-Neverland-Act-3

living Neverland. Why would someone want to commit suicide? Why would people encourage someone to commit suicide? Why do we not talk about it as a society?

Why do we label people that experience eccentric behavior instead of understanding how they are wired. Why do we not consider what's in front of us? Why do we talk before we understand? Why do we slander? Why do we try to push

people to be certain types of people? Why do we say that if you're this then you you require this medication and uh and why do we force this on people um why do we how do we think we have the right to uh to take away someone's freedom who is entirely non-violent um very passive actually uh and and why do we think we can treat you know people that are doing you know good things uh poorly and and think that's a cool thing to do like how could you have a clear conscious conscience doing it um but that's because of our uh understanding our faith in science and we have all this faith that uh that that science is the way to everything so we try to classify it because science is made of classifications. You got genesis and you got species and then you get methods within science to determine what those labels entail or even really give more ideas or understandings as to what they entail and science is really useful but when we let it control how we think then there's a problem and we need to fix that so our it's our biomedical model of medicine or understanding of it that gets societies thinking that they can say that medicine is the answer or this particular medicine is the answer like what what is it that we look on medicine uh prescription drugs are somehow good but but anything that's that a doctor that really doesn't know who you are um says is all right then that's that's a requirement but then just the opposite if if you find a drug on your own and that works really well for you and you live a really good life with it but if it's not um it's not accepted by by society then we label it illicit and say it's a bad drug even though you can have people that live really good lives on it um so it all depends on the person and i'm not saying the majority of the people like most people can't like most people can't handle life so they get on the type of drug like most people that i come in contact with so they get on a drug that that helps them like continue to the next day and um and the drug can be chemical or not but there's some some manifestation that helps them cope but we need to be looking at long-term uh results here and um and that's not necessarily a good thing at all so we gotta we gotta change how we think about you know people people are people and um and when we can understand you know from their experience and you know their thought process and uh you know how how they interact with the world over time then um then we can you know start really learning about people um and in doing that we're going to learn about a lot of different types of people so even studying the one individual we're going to help a lot of people that um that experience that because i know that a lot of um these conditions that i manifest that are too extreme i mean you guys think i'm crazy but um a lot of them are just conditions that you all experience as well but but just at their um their peak their polar opposite their uh and so i'm really feeling through emotions and that's really what I've made my life because I feel that's what I love like that's where my heart is and I need to and I put myself in really bad situations so I can experience these emotions on many different levels and in doing that I feel that I'm living the good life and I'm caring for my soul so whether or not you know I can feed my belly is ultimately irrelevant because you know most of the stuff in the wilderness if you just know what not to eat you can eat a lot of stuff even though it's not necessarily good for you but i mean our bodies are pretty awesome um and a lot of these uh things these sanitizations in society uh that they claim necessary for everyday life they're actually just making us weaker people so we should think about that let's go let's find out where the oppression lies all do not seem to realize is that I already won this battle and I am merely showing you its shadow what was your captain don't forget but I'll be taking this he won't be needing it where he's going and I'll even give you back your weapons because I'm ready to kill some pirates coming back to save you tonight okay so still no more response from here but we'll see it's not over this film's not over yet it's almost over but we'll see how it goes and we see this we see stuff like this this is to me so that's it's quite clear you know what he's dealing with of course so I'm glad he understands exactly what he's dealing with here's another guy we'll come back to the other guy this is what people do with their time you know people trying to make a career out of acting and and using each other to help you know promote each other here's here's the guy that we just were talking about smile he likes to talk about multiple topics why are we doing this I mean these are people that okay here we go just look and these These are probably a group of guys, or maybe they're not associated, but these are children trying to start careers, minors, like what are we doing, what are we doing? We got some problems and we got to fix it, so we're either going to fix it or we're going to get worse, and if we get worse then I guess it doesn't really matter because we won't be here um for much longer if that's the case uh and i i don't care what any of you say i know this to be true um so it's time to uh get our mind out of there here's another pandora's box for you how ethical is this i vote that uh that she should start taking over her own career okay so the Carmelicity list the troll one has been taken down again but we'll see if anything goes back up I know this is just gonna keep happening for a while until people know sort of what it is that Carmelicity does and then when people know that then then we can figure out yeah what to do to fix the problems that will arise. So looking forward to a long journey there.

So I've really been thinking about this movie and what I'm going to do to finish it and I keep on having all these thoughts about what I need to say that correspond and relate to everything I'm saying. But at the end of the day I thought about it very carefully and made the decision that, you know, I've already said all these things again and again in different ways and throughout my productions. So if you have been able to relate deeply with any of this content, then you'll be able to understand a lot of other stuff that will benefit you by looking at my other productions. because all of this relates everything I have given you relates and why why did I give you content I mean I wasn't I was giving you content to build this so I could show you what I see and and if you have a problem with any of this then you should you should tell me and we should talk about it and that way we can you learn together so I'm not gonna add much more to it but I do have a I do have one last task that I have to do one last big task so this is going to pretty much finalize what's happening with Carmelicity and and and then I gotta go give my heart again but all I can ever seem to give this guy is still trying to push this list through but let's just look you know there's look at all the people trying to make a good career for themselves and a lot of them probably or a lot of them do have very good careers going and are very talented people so I mean we put all these people on here and make like you know cruel cruel comments and I mean this is all to troll Like every single one of these people, like they troll, and most of these people are on the list for, what am I saying, most of these people, their boards have been flamed by trolls.

who were just saying that all of this that we're doing is not, well, they're not even saying it's not ethical. They just say we're frauds or it's fraudulent. So, I mean, and that's, there's been people that have been taken out of that list after I've probably complaining and I mean, there was legal action taken on a lot of different sides. So that's the status and still no one else. So we got still the three people here for the list.

But I tell you, this list is going to show all the people that have character and are proud of the methods that they utilize to expose their work. And this is the interface that you set up to with all your works and exposing those works. So depending on what you're marketing at the time, it would be depending on how many points you give, I guess, that would be the most logical way, I think. And we can prioritize, you know, sort of what we want people to view.

And ultimately there's a goal and we got to make sure that that goal is reached and depending on all of these investments that I have what's most important at the time it will revolve around what I put but we can see that right now I need to prioritize the more important things in life because I'm not just here to entertain you. And no matter what it sounds like it will always make beautiful music. Okay so we come to the end and we got another life there and we do have some people talking and considering and and appreciating what I'm doing but we still don't have any more people in that list but what I'm going to do I'm going to keep trying to do this and and all the people that are interested in promoting Carmelicity, for a good method to expose artwork, then that list will continue to grow and we'll see what comes of that. And I think it will turn out well and I think once some people start doing it, a lot of people will start doing it. And if

that doesn't happen it doesn't matter either because that just shows that the community wasn't ready to do this sort of thing because they're not you know proud of the the ethical way it makes them appear to society okay so that's that story which is everything's an epic so we'll probably later on hear what happens with that um but we'll end uh talking about i guess australia because it's australia day and um and or it's not australia day today it's australia day in a few days but it's going to take a few days to produce this um so happy australia day um i do hope that one day australia has the heart to give their day to the entire world, and if they did that, then with the support of all of this that I've just done, if they just realized what I've just done, then we could make really good systems of employment for, I mean, imagine we can make these sites like Carmelicity except for a specific field of interest and have everybody really liking what everybody does and then we can move our attention spans to that source instead of the TV that we have now and I'm showing you how these media sources portray this. Just examine what message you're receiving, chop it up and think further about what it's doing to your psychology for its long term results. There's something else and I'm going to be leaving shortly but there's not much more to do and I just got one more trip and that's going to be the end of the movie. So I did enjoy it very much and I hope you did too.

I know I talk a lot, I'm annoying and probably, well not everybody, some people find me fascinating. Actually it's more, most people after a few minutes they trail off, not able to keep up. But the thing about all of this is that I repeat these, from different perspectives. So everything relates, and if you don't understand something straight away, if you heard it before, eventually you'll understand how they relate.

And then be able to piece it together for yourself, which is thinking for yourself. It's a philosophy, that's what we're trying to do, we're trying to think for oneself, and we've got to think how we've got to do that. So how are we going to think? How are we going to employ our own psychology in the world that is most suitable to both ourselves and everything around us and beneficial.

And I think that's the path to learn to be a good person. So that's it for now, but I think I'll have a little bit more. Non arte, sed marte.

Not by knavery, but by bravery.

Let's scout ahead.

It's midnight. This movie is meant to be understood in accordance with J.M. Barrie's Peter Pan and Kensington Gardens. You need to read this book, and it's available free for you in audio format, and that will be up there.

so we arrive back here to the window and on that other side of the glass is your mother and the window's open right now you can go back to her Wendy you know why I love you I love you because you're like a nest throughout my I've I've spent it you know learning odd people and most of the time those odd people are people that came from disadvantaged backgrounds and and then they might be awesome at something but then they society doesn't enable them to to make something of it so and and their parents their parents they don't care they don't care they got their own things going on and i see it all the time you can't just have children and exist you know with them you gotta be like emotionally involved in their lives and the reason why i've done all of these productions i mean the reason i started doing these I started doing videos and stuff like this at a very young age and that was because I was in Australia and my family was in America and I was trying to you know be able to talk to all of them and be involved in all of their lives because I didn't have anybody around me that wanted me involved in their lives so you know that's the reason why I did all this because because the window is shut. To me, if your emotional doors are closed, and if we disregard non-literal interpretations of reality as being any less real than the physical manifestations, then we're not thinking of a big part of our human perception. And when we do that, we end up alienating people, and then they end up living bad lives. And if they're good people living bad lives, and it's society doing it, and if they're bad people living bad lives, it's because society may don't like that anyway.

So, I mean, we've got to fix the core of the problems of you know like why are we not happy collectively why do we have to keep on going after something more um for why is everything around commercialism like dollars dollars dollars dollars is so that's not that's not reality and and when you try to force that upon someone and end up you know throwing them in psychiatric wards or treating them any less of a person or even treating them like they have a disability because people are different. I mean is it really a disability like is what I'm doing right now a disability and I had to enable myself to do this but I had to learn a lot to do that but that's because I was always obsessed with fantasy and didn't want to live, you know, this reality that was being told to me. And the smarter I got, the more I learned how the reality that was being told to me wasn't an accurate depiction of the whole. But people in these disadvantaged circumstances are usually products of, usually, not all the time, but usually products of poor parenting.

And why do we do this? Why do we have children and not be able to take care of them? So the ones that end up falling out of their prams end up growing up entirely different than everybody else. And it's really because they didn't get the emotional connections from their mother that they needed.

And I'm a lost boy too. Like, even though I might be the leader, I'm still one of them. And I wasn't just looking for a mother for me alone. I'm looking up for a mother for all of my children and it's always been so hard because the type of person that I am, my psychology wasn't received well within society.

Did it look like you were down in that way? Hang back! Excuse me! Yeah?

You want smoke? No, I'm recording man, I'm doing a project, I'm doing a project. That's gay, do you got two dollars? No, I'm sorry man, I'm poor.

You're poor? Yeah, I'm poor. Do you live on the streets? Well, I live in the mountains.

What? Don't... You live on a mountain, how does that work? I'm recording, what are you doing?

I'm just wondering how do you live on it? Why are you doing? Did you just rob me?

Please don't do this Please don't do this Please don't rob me Thank you

Here, you guys want some tobacco? I'll give you a little bit tobacco Don't don't grab anything. Please don't grab anything. You want to start on Akon?

I said please don't grab it. I said please I don't give a fuck about your place, man. You think I give a fuck about your place? I am fucking black cut. Do you think I'll give a fuck cut?

Do you really think I'll give a fucking fuck cut? Do you have Raleigh papers? Uh, they're in there. Good cut.

What do you mean? You just like them, don't you ever ask?

Have a good night.

Okay, so my lost boys, uh, they're, uh, they make me sad. Um, it's just, I mean, I don't, society's made them like that. Why is society made them like that?

This is Australia's heart. And this is going to be a long documentary, sorry. And I don't really want to cut it up much. But this is what it needs to be.

Okay, so where were we before we got robbed?

And they're running back. They're coming back.

They're somewhere with more people. I'll come back. It's this is gonna be exactly what it has to be, but I need to be here. Oh

What a night, I just want to make it clear that I've never seen them before I don't know them or anything, but they're coming back and I'm just Trying to get into a public place so they can't rob me because I need this video footage

Yeah, yeah Okay, that's okay. Hey, hey, wait. Hey, take the here. Oh, you got a bag or something?

oh i can just carry very good take that oh cheers man all right i'll catch you later see you later

yeah yeah that's okay you want some i mean i i wouldn't give it you know you don't have to be so pushy i'll give you some here here take that much all right thanks bro there you go yeah yeah yeah okay yeah i'll give you a little bit i'll give it a little bit You shouldn't do that guys, like you really don't do that, like the very fact that you came back, like that shows that you're good people, okay? Sorry man. I felt sorry for you. But I wasn't gonna call cops or anything, just you shouldn't do that, that's robbing people.

Yeah that's um, offensive robbery. Oh yeah, we just bashed this guy out here because he was trying to have a go with us, so we all just backed him. And then like we came up to you, so I was like nah, I can't do this, but I feel sorry for the company man. What's your name for that? What's your name? My name's Wendell. Where do you live from? Where I live? I'm in the mountains. Do you live in a house? No. Well, at the moment, every week, a few days a week, I stay at a house, but I'm at the mountains most of the time. What, like sleeping up at the mountains? Yeah, the last two years I've been around the wilderness of Australia. Why? Why are you up in the mountains? Because I'm trying, because housing won't give me somewhere I can afford.

um and i get a job back i can't i apply for over 10 000 jobs in my life i'm a weird person because i i focus on philosophy i've studied philosophy for my whole life and that makes me a weird person because it's it's about a fine yeah yeah i got a fine i got i got a headphones no i got headphones no i know it's good it's good i got everything i need i don't want to be in what i'm i'm doing good stuff i'm happy where i am yeah i'm helping everybody around me what just happened that happens to fucking the majority of people who are hanging around civic yeah yeah so it's a bad place to hang around like i'd prefer you hang around belcon yeah well i'm only here to shoot something i needed that fountain oh did you need it yeah i need the fountain i need to are you going back there to do it i gotta go back there i mean but but i need privacy to do it because yeah i'll walk you there yeah okay cool okay I don't mean no trouble I don't want and you think that oh wow there's a lot it's happened to this guy for this production you see nothing if you haven't seen my other stuff I mean this is my life and this is my productions because my life is this. I mean, look at who lives the life of fairy tales. Because, you see, my lost boys, they have to do things sometimes that society doesn't like because they need stuff that society is not giving them. And then when they realize that they've done it to the wrong person, then their conscience plays upon them.

give me time to recover a little bit I'm not hey Wendy let's make a recipe what will this recipe produce well we can find that out with the final words of this documentary good thing we got pockets what music does this make what about this let me tell you about Neverland a land where children can be who they are without worrying about what other people think. A land where imagination and reality can work together hand in hand. A land where we do not get stuck in routine and each and every day is a new adventure. Our time was interrupted by fate but as I fly away from your window knowing that I will be back next spring but also knowing the curse that is placed upon me so as I fly away I play my pan flute for you and I hope you can hear from it what Neverland is like. And if your ears are excited by its conception, then I would like to offer an

invitation. But that invitation is usually left unclaimed. But it is there if we can work together to do all that I am saying. Because, dear girl, I need a mother for all of my lost children. And I need a queen for me. Let's get a better source of fuel. What

if we didn't care about what time it was, where we were, how much money we had. It was job we have what we're doing what we got planned um like how cool would that be if we could just all run around and uh do whatever it is that we're allowed to do and we would always do stuff because we always got important stuff to do um or at least the people that are like uh psychologically able to do that then um you know we can become really cool people uh because we can just keep learning from each other um in a healthy fashion tinkerbell tinkerbell tinkerbell tinkerbell tinkerbell tinkerbell echo echo echo it disappears the shadows disappear when the light hits the shadows disappear when the light hits. Hey Wendy, did you want to become a betwixt and between? You will learn how to fly in the skies when there are stars out and when there are none. Your life will revolve around

the sun and the moon and everything that you interact with will be partly reality and partly fantasy. Throughout my entire life, I've been searching for my place in society, for the job that I was built for, like psychologically, to be happy and successful in life. And that's in our Constitution, the right to pursue our own happiness. And there's a lot behind that that you'll find out if you learn some of my other productions, if you study some of my other productions. John Locke was very influential with all of that. But what I'm

proposing here i've i've given you the theory and i haven't connected all the dots because i'm hoping that you can do that um but now i'm going to tell you my practical application and uh and this is something that i have to do because it's it's who i am it's who is it's what i was built for i found i found what i was built for and uh and now i have to employ it because it because otherwise i'd be going against myself and that's not caring for the soul that's not uh that's not the good life that's not not learning how to live the good life um so here is my my um plans is that i am going to start trying to find ways that I can tutor brilliant youth. And this is going to be difficult because of my material and its controversy and what that entails. But I'm still going to do it and I have my intentions all out in the open and I would never do anything to hurt anyone because I spend my life trying to help people and that's what I do. So this is what I'm searching for, I'm searching for stars that want to dedicate their life to compassion have the body the mind and the spirit to actually you know do it um and and you can see i'm showing you how to do it um and and the problem is you can't get stuck in these nine to five jobs you can't get stuck in in this uh mundane lifestyle because when you do that then you start to forget. And I'm hoping to get to you before you figure out methods to never

forget. And I tell you how I would tutor. And I'll use an example of what I've just done. I think I've done at least. I think I've gone too far. I'm backtracking. But the thing is I don't care.

that I've gone too far, I don't care about what the time is, I might not have even gone too far, and I might go back there and realize that I haven't gone too far, but I'll always get to my destination, and that's what my name means, Wendell, to wind, is to go somewhere in no particular order, but always get to your destination. First in life, one has to dominate one's body and learn how to physically interact with the world and manipulate it to do what you want it to do. So the first thing to do is to concentrate on the body and that is to get it physically strong for everything that you like doing and never to exclude healthy things to do but always include more so once you learn one cool thing you can go on to learn another later and then eventually you'll understand how they relate and uh and you must do martial arts you have to do martial arts you have to know how to move your body uh smoothly within your environment and even, I say, manipulate other people's bodies, you need to be safe with what you're doing because you're going to be in bad situations. So you need to know if the worst-case scenario happens.

You need to know what to do. I want to say that I took the wrong turn again, but it's never the wrong turn because I'm always exactly where I need to be.

And then we gotta learn how to dominate the mind and in order to do that you need to look at everything in your environment and what it and the people around you are doing to your psychology and determine whether you could be better for everybody if those people weren't involved in your life and then you need to figure out ways to either help that person come to understand who you are or filter through them so you don't have to deal with them because there's some people, I guess everybody has some people that you just can't that you just can't get along with and a lot of people are going to want to hurt you so are still from you and that's not just here in these bad areas but that's everywhere everyone wants your money except me I don't want your money I want your heart and then you need to reassess which windows are worth coming back to and then we have a beautiful mind and there are so many different ways to understand everything in our existence and our mind at least to me seems like an infinite spectrum of potential. So we got all of this brain power, so we should be utilizing it. And independent of any evidence or facts or anything else, physical reality is only one conception of reality and if we can learn as much within our mental apparatus as possible then we can shine as people because the thing is we're all the same deep down and I show you that each and every production but the thing is that I show you the extreme so you can come in between somewhere and uh and then we come to our spirit and uh and we need to get that right and we need to listen to wisdom uh from many sources and we need to make our own judgments or not about how we're going to feel about it um a lot of wisdom is relevant to um other other things like particularly culture and and you know how they employed that why they employed they lived a life a particular way and they're doing it for a certain reason and we gotta think about that and we could go on amazing adventures without the camera and I would spend every day for the rest of my life making you the happiest girl in the world. I would learn you in and out and fulfill every single one of your desires and and I tell you I can do this because I work off the test of time and not for the moment. We can be good parents to all of our children. Why am I

cry I can't get my shadow to stick and the difference dear Wendy between me and your mother is that my window will always be open



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



05-Living-Neverland-Produce-It-Act-0-Trailer





════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



05-Living-Neverland-Produce-It-Act-1

Not too late for me. You can't get by a shit one though. This is about ladyboys, and this is what my friends are watching. On the other side.

And they want me to watch it with them, and I don't want to watch it with them at all. You don't have to watch it. Oh, honey, go, I'm not. Oh, oh, no.

Who's it? I love my life. CENSORED. It's Australia Day.

And, uh, right now, I'm waiting for... See I released Act 1 Fables and this is processing, it's about to be done, oh it's just done. It's going to have an image come up soon. It's always interesting what image it chooses.

So they're always usually really good, the images that it chooses. So that's always fun. But that one's already uploaded and number 2 Act 2. So I'll be linking that with this.

I'm using Google Sites right now but I don't like Google anymore so eventually I'll go over but that's one if I refresh it the image will come up there but I'm going to change that so I'll show you how to do it you can see this is the interface so I go there so if I'll first go back to YouTube I'll show you this this is a good trick so let's go Go to it, open. So this production is just pretty much going to be telling, teaching you how to produce your work because I always notice there's a big gap, you know. I could show you how to do all this but that couldn't, like, I just needed to show you more so this is the background conditions of how you end up getting your content. So you go right here and you click the embed button and it gives you this code right here here, but you just want to say use HTTPS. I'm not sure why that is, but I've always

done it and it works well, and it's a secure connection, so I guess that's good. You just paste that in somewhere. But see, I let that run. My wireless is slow, but it's kind of ironic because I upload all these, but I can't really watch videos on it. It's too slow.

I wait to make sure that the first scene is the right scene on it and here I got to take this URL. I don't need all that, but see that URL there? Need that. So I highlight that, see I don't need the brackets.

So I just take that and then I cut that and I can close it, I just put escape that. And then I go back to here, not there, here, yep, and then I'll go down to the movie. See once you get one movie in it's really easy because you just copy and paste, so once it's like a template, each time you do one it's a lot easier to do ones like that, I mean this is just copied from Ivory Heart. So see that URL content required, that right there?

You need to put the video in there, so paste. And you do a similar thing if you don't want to embed with YouTube, like there's a lot of other ways to embed with archive.org and with Google Docs and eventually all these storage places will have ways to embed and I recommend just using all the ones that you can get for either cheap or free. don't promote people that don't do good work. So as you try different things and as things work for you, you'll also show businesses for their own characters by how they respond to you because you're going to put it in your work and the thing is that people are stupid if they don't realize this because this is your life and they can look at it very very clearly um okay so we got a picture here so let's look at this picture this is a good thing too so let's go to edit on this okay so we get a selection of three pictures and um i guess i choose one with the most meaning i guess that has what's that in the background okay um that's probably a good one because it's showing all the equipment but you know i like that too that's good uh okay so that's working bandwidth's expensive when you're using wireless so uh make sure you don't waste it i pay a lot for bandwidth that's like most everything i'd say um so i don't really know i guess my oh There you go, there's the gem.

We have a screenshot of Carmelicity, that was awesome, I didn't even think about that. I just saw the computer. You realize that, that's the whole thing about studying your work, you know, I just open this and then three images and then you've got to put it together, you've got to link what you're doing. So that turned out perfect.

So now we go back to here and we'll refresh it. So we got it all up except Act 3, that's the Ivory Heart, which is, right now, see the way I'm doing it, this is awesome this way, but see Act 3, I'm uploading now and I always do it in time, but so what happens there is once it goes up there, it's really fast, it's on this Google Docs, see I put these things everywhere, but then I can always, after that finishes I can always if I need to I can just embed the Google Docs one but I want to go through YouTube because I'm I'm trying to get an audience on YouTube and once I get an audience I won't care so much about YouTube but so here's the server and oh whenever the internet stops working it does that which Google Docs is awesome because even if you have a crappy internet connection it won't fail out. At least the web interface, the other thing does. And the other thing is crappy, like they've been asking for, everybody's been asking for a status bar for like 8 months now and Google is not even listening to them. But they don't care about any of their people

that's Google. Okay, so here's the server. And this is a Linux server that my friend has but I'm gonna be getting a I'm waiting on a Windows one I'll show you that later but okay so you see I just uploaded this from the server because I downloaded it see the server is really fast so I downloaded it onto the server and then I uploaded it from the server onto YouTube and I can upload it from the server onto lots of different websites really fast like it takes a minute to download and like two minutes to upload it's really fast so so once you learn how to use all of these you'll be really fast but I had to learn how to use all these without knowing anything so it was really slow so that's what happens there and go here and we're at Carmelicity still and and a lot of of stuff was censored. He deleted a lot of the talk about what was happening and he said that these message boards shouldn't be about what's happening. So we're getting a lot of

censorship here straight away. And then the whole message about Carmelicity open sourcing their systems. That wasn't taken very well and was eventually removed. So like, why are we doing this? There's problems here. I mean, I'm showing this for how much it can help

all of us. And we just need to open source it. It's like over 6,000 hours been spent on it. It's like, well, how much time do I spend giving you this? Like my whole life.

like look at these views um like those replies are all me like really seriously here's the carmelicity list we so we have we have four people on the list now we got three replies but look how many people viewed it i mean a lot of people know about this they uh but they don't want to be associated with carmelicity so they want ideas to get more imdb views right but but they don't want to uh you know fix the problems you know which which wouldn't which would ultimately give you more imdb views anyway um by being on this caramelistic list being proud of how you market and um and like i'm saying i'm exposing all of this because like the the way people are acting you know the way these actors are acting is is really funny so uh it's actually like i don't understand why people don't do this but i don't realize that that the environment in front of them is really funny because uh because it can be taken i mean you can make uh stories like all day if you just know how to look at the world and understand what you're looking at um based off real people and if you do this in your life and everybody knows that you do it it's like well you asked for it you knew that i did this with my life so uh this is my server this is this will be windows one windows 2008 and it'll be fast enough to do what I need to do with it and eventually see this I can connect this to my tablet and this computer like I can use it'll feel just like you know a normal desktop so I can use it this server on everything but you see it's red right now and that's because I'm trying to get it fixed see it's offline and I've already sent a support request than asking and I try to boot it and that doesn't work and I try to reinstall it with 2003 and that doesn't work and they have no phone number but I could do Skype or something. So you got to learn all these tools and see like right here this thing if you're using mobile network it will go on and off a lot like it is but once you connect to that you can make phone calls and it's not as good as Skype but it's still not too bad. So you got Twitter, you got to know Twitter and you got to make updates on Twitter. Here's Facebook, so like once I get this movie all sorted, I'm going to make a post about it.

And here's Google Plus, so you got to start using social networking and then back to the site. So I still haven't released it on Open Source Heart TV yet, but we'll see how that goes And we'll learn from it at the same time Everybody can do this You can go through an issue And then show how you come to resolve it And just by that process and producing it Capturing it and producing it Will help everybody So let's refresh this and get the new image And see once you get the template it's all good Because now see that DVD case i just have to have a main picture and i can replace that text and replace that text and just use it the same thing i mean it looks good i like it it's good themed all right so there there and karmic karmic publicity there you go okay so uh i'll keep you informed and we have uh some fireworks to go to a little bit later so we will see how that goes so i was going to hang out with a friend named Evan, who's also one of my Lost Boys, shortly, but he hasn't contacted me back, so that's okay, but I kind of have a lot to do anyway, but that's my life, and I always do everything in time, just in the nick of time, like always. Thanks.

Here's a system I use sometimes, and I haven't used this much, but I think this is a really good thing to use to get your videos past the 310 mark. I haven't done it yet on my videos but I will be using this to get past the 310 mark because between 300 and 310 it freezes, the counter freezes and it takes like three weeks sometimes for the counter to to fix itself um so i think that this right here is a i think that this right here is a um a useful tool um to do that and the way and see the server right here like when you have as much work as i have uh you have a server here and this can just load in the background and this has a fast internet connection so you can just you know load one video after another so this watches videos and it complies under all of the terms and agreements with YouTube and I think YouTube's annoying for having that stupid 300 mark anyway so I don't think this is an unethical means to market as long as you do not abuse it and and plus people don't want to see videos that just have you know a few views so if you make your you know your videos look like they you know at least have some amount of attention like and I know the attention that mine get and mine do get quite a lot like especially considering how much work I have and what's what's seen um but this this I find this really really good and I think that you should use this and feel entirely okay about it because you're not doing an unethical thing and we're competing with mainstream media so we have to do things sometimes to because we don't have those dollars backing us. I mean look at the life that I live and I'm giving it for free, I'm not selling anything so there's no monetary value to be had here so we really kind of start questioning ethics because this segment right here people are going to like and uh but but i do want to use this to get my videos past the 310 so it's like you know once they get to you know three or four hundred um then you know people are going to at least recognize them as being okay videos and plus uh and and plus uh they'll have they won't have that frozen thing on them so you can monitor them if you want and uh and all these statistics they just i mean you keep them so there's like google analytics and and even analytics for youtube so uh and this but but this will probably only run about three hours or so before it'll crash so it's not like you can really keep it on all the time but you can put it on there and then you know check back three late three hours later and you might have a few hundred views to add to your various videos okay so there it's Australia day today and I'm releasing my production and I got a act one and two up but I'm doing act three I've never worked this fast before this is the biggest and fastest production that I've ever done but the systems I've been using I've learned them very well and and they've all come together to allow me to do anything that I want and very very quickly so I'm showing you right here how to be an awesome person and you can use me as an example if you don't believe me just look at my work so it's going to be but but there's fireworks and and I always have to go to fireworks if I can and it's going to be a bit of a walk um maybe an hour-long walk and it starts at 7 but I don't think it gets dark till at 8 and I prefer to get dark and it says it goes till 9 30 but I mean you don't have fireworks going on for that whole time so I don't know I mean when's the shows maybe I'll find out if I can but I looked on the website and didn't tell me but that'll be interesting and it'll be interesting to see you know this production and what like how because I gotta release it you know by the 20th to the 6th I gotta release it on Australia day I gotta do it and and I've already got all of this and I mean I'm doing really really well for time but at the end of the day you still see that and you know I've been working so fast to get these and they're brilliant too so you can't say anything different about that but we got this time right here and I mean they've been going for a long time they take ages so because this is the first upload once I get it on here then it's on the cloud and I can do whatever I want with it really fast really fast but uh but this is a the one that takes time and if you look let's look at what we did so we got divine tragedy dot TV and then we got living neverland and um so you can see here so that's the mp4 okay so then i go oops um so this right here was the source file and uh i did it differently this i'm always doing it differently to try to find better ways um but this way it worked out really really well um And it was really the reason I was able to give you this content so fast, just bang, was because of this new way. Because before, I always had problems with it crashing and me having to try again and try again with something else.

Try again with something else. My desktop's messy. It's just like stuff I throw in there that most of it can be deleted. But I do a clean out every once in a while.

But pretty much I'm on the cloud. Most of my stuff is on the cloud, so once it's on the cloud it doesn't matter. But so these are the videos that I had. I used a program, after I shot, I used a program called this.

I can't pronounce it, I'm not going to try because it'll just look stupid, but I'll show you how that works. So right when you get the footage on your camera, I use an SD card, but you might have one with a hard drive or something. Right when you get that footage, it'll probably be an MPG format or something like that. It might be an MP4 format, but you use this program, and this program costs, but yeah, it costs.

So, what you do is you copy all those, I call it the reel, so I'll show you the folder, so in the Living Neverland folder, we have a reel, and this can be big, so you do need a lot of space. I'll show you what I mean just the reel itself yeah I'm doing something man I'm recording I needed so you see that I'm doing something I'm doing something I'm doing something right now I'm recording you I'll help you when I finish okay so 23.9 gigabytes is you know quite a lot and you know each production is like that. I'll show you Ivory Heart. I mean, see how messy that is? Let's look at the reel

for that. 27. So, I mean, I did pretty good considering it's a lot longer. I used almost everything from that reel too. So once you get that reel, you can put it into here. And

And then you see a timeline and we can zoom in just using the up button, so we can see the segments, so this is right when it starts, so I got that segment that I have there, there's a text segment which is the only one in each one and then the beginning in each one and then alt 4 you can get this thing going and you can see that shows you where it is and you can put that in here and uh and you can even like watch it like that okay so we can you know see if i can go quicker if i zoom out and uh but that's not very good quality the preview is not very good and you're going to give good quality and so your content is going to be big but the thing is that streaming services can turn it down and and I'll show you what I did with okay so you see here there's a gap see I used to do these in three formats and that's why I did an ivory heart which I guess I'll show you like an ivory heart here ivory heart so even though my stuff stays messy it always gets cleaner because I figure out good ways but in every heart I did see take one take two take three it wasn't good that gave me a lot of troubles that took me a long time to produce but this one I managed to you know it took me a long time but it was all in one sitting pretty much and I guess I'm a really wired person so I can do things really fast um but uh so back to this thing um so my second act is in there and i know i can select it and just export it so if i just um select it you know i could export that right there alone um but but to be honest i just i save it i get them all exactly how i want where i start yeah What I did on this one was actually do the first one, delete all that, right, all of that behind it, and then just export it. And then I undo after it exports, and then I get it back, and then I just delete the other parts that I don't need, and then undo. See, there's a render as button, so that's what you need. I want you to use reality. I guess you can play with things as much as you want but focus on reality.

A lot of these extra features that Sony Vegas gives you don't really need because we want to bring our audience closer to reality and not take them further away from it. And in doing that we create space cadets. So there, here it is. It's right here.

It's custom. Okay, you see that? This is what you need to worry about. You need the main concept.

AVC, AAC, MP4. I called it Sony. I just made that template and called it Sony because it's my camera. It's a Sony camera.

But here's how it works. My camera does 720 x 576 resolution, it's PAL. So here's the aspect ratio that I use, and I found all this really good. I mean, I played around with this a lot, especially those, and I wasn't getting quality that I wanted, and I still don't get the quality, but that's good.

Once I get a better camera, that's still going to be good. But you find settings that you like, you know, and you'll stick with them. So this is sort of my audio that I give, and that's the Kodak, it's called a Kodak, it's just those two little tabs that you need to worry about, and if you copy that, just replace the resolution with whatever your camera is, you should be good, make sure it's widescreen, that's widescreen, make sure that's right to whatever your camera is, and you can move those around I'll show you a little bit about editing so I try to give you what you need to do this okay so to edit I mean it's pretty simple up here you got this this is noteworthy the very noteworthy this little button here and you can click that see I can unclick it or click it if I click it then everything else is going to this behind it is going to follow the time so you see these segments, how they're cut there. Okay, so I select, oopsie, don't select that. So I select it

and then move it, oops, select it and then move it away. You can see how it's moving it away. But you see it's moving everything behind it away too. Um, so that's good. And, um, and then if you

don't want to do that, so, and it'll do that with every single layer on here. So if you got like lots of stuff. I'll show you. So that thing moves. You see these things move? Every single

layer will. So it's very handy when you want to move stuff around and keep things in time. I screwed up before. I didn't even know about that option. I mean, there's things like that.

You'd be like, oh crap. But you've got to work your ways around it. Do it for right now and then later you can. So now I'm selecting. You see how it's going in. And when you go in like that,

But it does different transitions. You can have lots of different transitions but I've been playing around with them doing real life transitions and I think those are pretty cool too. So that's how that works and there's an audio, each one has an audio and a video segment and you can probably end up adding a video and an audio segment. See everything that's above will be the first so I needed for the second part to do the the two videos together i had to put it up there and uh...

as you can see uh... there yeah and um... what that one is is uh... that's that's just part of it um...

and what am i not even using this one okay so sometimes you end up with like that guy and look he's not even being used but but it doesn't really matter um... When you export it and you look at the AVI, the finished product, go no because it was good. So you can play around with things and then just go no to save them, but make sure you save with Vegas. It's not the most reliable.

So just make sure you save all the time and you can't put lots of MP4s or you can't put lots of files into it. That's why you use this program over here because you make it all into one file and then you can edit it from there. uh... and uh... then you make a poster

and uh... so photoshop will get photoshop going and this is another paid program um... and and i've tried to use gimp before like it's an open source one but but photoshop uh... just does a lot more for me but there's so many like the features that you really need to make this work are so basic and uh... you don't really need to go anything

beyond those, unless, I mean, you will end up making them your own, but just the basic features, I mean, there's not much. Your portrayal is in your meaning and you're an individual and that's what your artwork is and these are only reflections of you, really. Okay, so what we'll do is we'll look at what we've been doing lately. So we've got an open recent and what we've got here?

got a dvd cover for living in neverland and see i took this from ivory heart so once you create templates like you create one thing you really like and uh... so you put a lot of effort into doing that one thing you really like and always modify that one thing you really like and you'll always have an ever ever evolving template so that was just an image and i know it's not the best quality you can see that but i think that's cool i mean that's so cool Like, the quality isn't an important factor here. Like, what the image actually conveys is the important factor. And I think it's kind of artistic the way it's not the best quality.

And this camera isn't very good for still images at all. And I could use my phone or something. But, you know, I like how it comes out. And I know a lot of you don't.

But that's not my problem. um but here you got layers you need I'll tell you the basics of what at least I do um so you got layers and then um if you're not sure what it is you might get confused because there's a lot of layers see a lot of these are hidden because I just wanted them to stay there like so I could always bring them back like I could this could be see this came from divine tragedy so I can just unhide them and hide them and uh but you can always see you can see that that was that right there that was that image and over here you can move it so that's moving it to select it you use this one um and and then if you want to fill with you know it but images are so easy to do anyway but you can fill and you got like an eraser and um and there's other you gotta worry about the image size and and here's the size that I'm using right now but but this might change depending on what I find out but I think this is a good size yeah I think that's a good size to use for DVD covers and I know you're gonna get you gotta realize you're gonna get over bleed so you can't make that to see how there's space in between all of it there's so there's gonna be cut off and you gotta remember that and when you're doing that so you don't want it too much of it to get cut off and I'll show you I guess what I mean okay I was I know some of that's gonna get cut off that's gonna be annoying but I need it like the image the way it was positioned it didn't give me much more room to to to give it a little bit more space and I'll see the so I might get some where you know the images like like that or something but that doesn't matter i don't care i think it's awesome i think it's really awesome and uh and it's perfect how it is even if there's fault but there's so much beauty in our flaws and if we just like show those flaws and we can see the beauty behind it and um and nothing's happening with karma let's see uh you got you got good i mean There's good people saying good things, nice things, but at the end of the day, this framework's still not open source, and we could really, even if we got a project team to make something like this, and I know this isn't perfect for what I want. I would have to heavily modify this but but I'm only one person I'm giving my gifts and just try to find other people that could you know give theirs to try to you know help me make all of this this this work well um because because it really can if we only if we only learn what's in front of us and then figure out how to make you know this into like an open source the education system and and i know that this is always going to be what john has made it which is awesome but at the same time john could enable you know a lot of people um who like that's what he's already done make his whole system to to make this is enable people like me to you know be able to expose my work and uh and now like so that's that was his whole point and that's what he's done which is a really awesome thing but how can he do it you know even better and if he you know if he gave it if he gave the system an open source uh if he open sourced this system or if he like helped me you know make one or or you know gave me guidance um to do it uh then he then like why can't we do that i mean this is supposed to be all about love and uh and there's so like and there's a lot of people here that are talking a lot about love, but at the same time, we're scared of associating ourselves with carmelicity, or love, even as a collective we are, so that's that, and I've got to go see fireworks soon, but it starts at 7, and I still haven't looked it up to see when the actual shows on but uh but i would like to do it when it's dark and i know there is a dark a dark show fireworks uh start at nine so uh maybe leave here like eight or no probably before that bill on walk but it's terrible weather actually it's lovely weather i love this father. So that would be really interesting. Yeah, it's a divine tragedy. Okay, so I got

this application here, and it's called Social Monkey. And I can submit URLs to it, and what it does is create backlinks to the URL so they gain a higher ranking in Google. And And this is all SEO marketing. So what this does is I'm just about to submit this which is Living Neverland and it's filled it out for me because I just clicked that button right there.

I got a plugin for it and it filled it out for me. I had to take a dash out but that was alright and took out Divine Tragedy which is okay. And then I have the description in there and I have some tags there and then over 14 days so you can, since it's just come out I want to put it over 14 days which is the minimum but you can put it up to 30. If it's not a new release, if it's just something you want to get higher ranks on Google then you can put it on 14 days so it will come out pretty quickly. You just really need to

do it once for each link just so they can get established on the internet so they can propagate so people can search for them if they want. This is what it looks like and it creates 150 backlinks there. I'm not a paid membership but it's really cheap. It really cheap. You pay $8 once and you can get 25 backlinks a day. But if you pay, which

I did pay because when I first found it I had to create all my backlinks. So I needed to do a lot. So I upgraded. But it was cheap to upgrade it. I think it was like $85 for

a year or something. So that's done it. And now that'll propagate on the internet, start propagating on the internet. So when you search for a living Neverland on Google, it's going to come up. And that might take, sometimes I see it working in like maybe eight hours

or so but usually expect maybe 30 days. It's best to expect the worst scenario but we are uploading that in order to give that in order to give that in order to give it to this. See all the parts are working beautifully together. Eventually this is going to be a window system and this system is going to be accessible on everything yeah so yeah and then we'll give it to YouTube and put it on YouTube

okay so we have Nero and we're gonna use Nero video we need to make a DVD and I'm I'm not sure how this is going to work because it's really long it's like 5 hours and 17 minutes so we got to figure out what we're going to do but Nero is really good I've used a lot of different programs to burn DVDs and make the menus with them as well like nice menus and Nero is pretty much the best that I can find. But it does sometimes crash and it's best to make ISOs and image files and then use those to burn your DVDs. That way you have an image file that's already been created and you can just burn a DVD anytime you want with the image file. As we can see it's taking it slow but so we go create an export we want to create a dvd so we'll go dvd and we'll go dvd video okay it's asking for the files and i'm going to import them but you know i'm uploading the uh the third one and i don't want to mess up that upload and i don't think it would because I think two programs can use the same file because it's not writing, it's only reading from it.

But I'm not going to risk it because I'm on a timeline, or it doesn't really matter, this project isn't really on a timeline, this project doesn't really matter. But see, I'm going to add Act 3 on my desktop, which is like a second copy that I made. uh uh so that way it doesn't mess up the upload um and they'll all get deleted those ones um but i'll go in here and i'll load the first two so living neverland and we won't want act one and two and uh we'll open that and then uh so that will just load the videos hopefully it's fast Because this isn't actually doing it. It's going to have to re-encode them into MPG format, MPEG-1, or it might be MPEG-2, I think.

But I'll come back after this is finished.

Fly! Fly! Don't let the bad weather screw you up any. I got a time that this needs to be finished. This has to all be released.

I'm by today, so fly, fly, fly out to the thunder, for this is another divine tragedy.

These are huge, these files are huge, um, but if you've got fast internet, they're not that big, uh, but when you're working off mobile internet, those files are absolutely huge. fly okay so we go back to this project and we tend to do that a lot we go we do things and then we leave it there and then we come back to it later but so we got those two in and now we want to import the last one that was saying was on my desktop is that other ones uploading don't want to disturb it at all I don't want to take any chances so here's act three and yeah it's gonna do that and I'll come back okay so back to this we can see text layers so if we look at divine tragedy here we can go here and we'll go over to the text thing over here and then zoom out here and and then we'll select divine and we go and we go toilet okay so we got the toilet tragedy now and we can remove that other divine tragedy even though toilet the divine tragedy is pretty it's that one isn't it we did that before see now that's gone okay so then we go go back to the text and if you can see there you can see this is a template which is going to be used in most if not all of the productions. So we go back to text and then we go there and we go and we change it there and then okay so we're about to leave soon and this will be the last video before I leave but we'll go back to this DVD we're probably gonna run into some problems with it I guess we'll just go next so I can show you some of it so it's saying it's over but I don't know if it's gonna work we'll find out but here's the menu and what we need to do is go to title menus only and and then we'll play around with this when we get back but until then Canberra's full of road works how long you been here and is there always road works mostly yeah gotta give the people something to do I guess yeah Yeah, yeah, like so nine pages can be like 25 minutes

To sort you out with that Would you put it on the internet movie database? We got a light here. Do you want um, I got a light

It's only a short walk Here, but I got a light here for you

You just gotta hold it down oh so we got a p we're gonna be just on time all right so we got three characters what else we got okay so these are are these temporary characters like like no they're not the main ones are they okay and are these two people like related in any way no not really all right so tell me the story what happens at the party careful there's a bit of puddle down there all right there's a little bit of bush here but this is only really short and we're there we're there around i thought i'd see a beautiful view so it should be coming over there it said it was uh i can't remember the place lake burley griffin that's where i said it was this camera's messing up she's pressing buttons that i didn't tell it to but i think there's some water in it it's dry out a little bit we gave Australia a chance to show what fireworks it could provide us and we're seeing them right now lightning over there maybe I'll get some okay we gave you the chance Australia see you later oh the screens waterlogged still this camera's still screwing up I know what longer work these buttons don't work very well. Light's not working, but they're possums. I don't think you can see that, but too bad a light wasn't working. They're cute. There's more of them. Is it worth it? All

of this is open source, so did you know you can use any of it for anything you want to do like there's a lot of images in each second in each frame here and you can use them however you want this camera is really messing up is pressing buttons that I'm not pressing all the time so I got to get this dry yeah and it's gonna be released on this day no matter what



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



05-Living-Neverland-Produce-It-Act-2

Okay, so you got to post on your Twitter, you have to post on your Facebook, and you have to post on your Google+. And maybe you might want to use more too, but these are the main ones that I use, and most people can associate with those ones. and uh this is how it is um so i got that i got that i got that but the real kiss um isn't up yet that's still the ivory heart one but um it's giving the same thing now the camera's still doing weird stuff but uh i think the light's working now which is good okay so we got open source heart tv we released it on divine tragedy um but now we have to release it on open source heart tv um because they're the ones the the ones that are promoting divine tragedy and i'm hoping that i can find a lot of people um to be real life superheroes and if i can then all of those people uh with their productions are going to be on open source heart tv but open source university Obviously I'm going to make a lot of, I'm not just looking for anybody for Open Source University. Okay, so I've got to organize these a little bit.

As far as my design, it always gets better. Some of these I'll probably end up putting into formats like that because when you go into there, it's still good. So even, but this is just the latest stuff and it's not really that big of a page. But I'll show you, I always get good screenshots, it's so slow.

Okay, so we have Ivory Heart, which is the first feature film that Divine Tragedy did. And My Salvation, which was from nesmith.net, not Divine Tragedy. Every Noble Vision Ends with Fireworks, which was open source Heart TV. uh and oh no no no that was nesmith.net too um and that one was divine tragedy help your people or legalize assisted suicide and the heart's chief of police was also divine tragedy but we got to add another one so uh i'll tell you easy way to do it you just gotta add a page um then go to this one see i see that's the website right there but over here i'll go here And see this is the page that I edit, and I go in there, whoops, let's edit that little button right there, there you pressed it, it's just taking a while, okay, but I'm not really editing, I'm just copying, so what I want to copy, actually I won't do that, I just want to show you though, you change your mind, you do something and then you figure out something better to do.

If you're not doing that, you're going to do something wrong. But if you want to copy a video, all you got to do is select that and then like right click copy and you can paste that in another page and then you can put another video in it and change the information so it's not like it's a hard thing. let's I'll show you a do it different way let's go boom boom right so insert and image and choose that go in project desktop and you go to desktop which is over here project divine tragedy living neverland and it's it's called posters it's that right there that's what I'll be using for the internet movie database poster too, it's only a small poster it's not a very good quality image but I think it's cool how I talked to you about that before, I like how it's not a very good quality image, at least for this production, because if you can't imagine what it is, what it could be then it's teaching, like we can teach through every single action that we take And if we all do this, then we can all become really awesome people because we can all learn from each other and from our eras and be pretty cool people, but the internet is so slow. The internet is really bad in this area, it's always off and on and I'm really lucky I do have Google Drive even though I hate Google, but because even when it's off and on, usually not all the time sometimes these fail um but usually it will get it through and uh we can see like i mean it's like 1.7 gig it's huge so so we'll see but go back here um still still posting but also on caramel city here um no no one cares no one cares like well you're in in a movie and you don't care, I mean your actions that you take are being exposed here by everybody, I mean we all take actions by not doing anything, you're doing something and if you say, oh I'm not responsible just because I didn't touch it, I mean if you walk by a child drowning, are you not responsible for that once you realize that the child is drowning i mean where where are our ethics where do our ethics lie um we really need to think about that but we can see here that we got living neverland here and we'll insert that put it in my mouth i can put this battery in my mouth so it's kind of cool i do that sometimes

all right so we got that and uh and we'll okay that do we want it in another window yeah it's It's a different website, so open another window and save that. Right now I've got like a strolling thing going on. See there's an extra space there? You should really consider whether you want, like how you want the formatting to look, because the formatting is very important.

And the thing is this is all about you, so you choose that. Does that extra space look good there? To be honest, I'm not sure if I really like it. Details like that are important.

Let's see what it looks like without the extra space there. So let's just get rid of that and then we'll save it. Let's make sure, yeah, okay. Yeah, there's no extra spaces there.

Save it. It's so slow, let's see. Okay, so we got it there now and is there something? Did I not do it very good?

Alright, you see that? Okay, so I didn't stretch the image all the way. So it turned out like that. But you see that detail? Okay, that's a mess up.

I messed up there. But do you think I'm going to fix it? No, I'm not. Because there's something very insightful about that.

And even though I might not have found it yet, to learn about that and I don't think I'll do that again because I'll be very careful but you see that's Photoshop I should have stretched it a little bit more and I wouldn't have had that problem it's not even it's not even but uh but that's really cool and when I find things out like that and I can I I can think about it contemplate on it and include meanings in my in my productions around it okay you see that it's either some inconsistencies there okay so look at this you know there's no space there let's fix that and I got this whole area to work with but the thing is I'm thinking about mobile phones too and I mean a mobile phone would be awesome if it was just like all the way down but I'm only one person and I can only do what I can do and I can do a lot of things too but no one helping me you know I gotta I gotta work with what I got and save that so that's released now the The only thing I haven't done is, it's on the Twitters and all the stuff, but I haven't, I gotta do the same exact thing for, let me just copy it again. I think it's already on the clipboard, but maybe not. Copy. Yeah, let's go there.

So I gotta release it here for Open Source Heart TV on Twitter, Facebook, and Google Plus. It's kind of funny because I don't use any of these things for, I guess I use Twitter to rant sometimes. But all of these things are means to the cloud, to the source, to the sky. And they themselves aren't necessarily important.

And to be honest, I think they're all crappy because they're employed without love and it's all about money and it's all about somehow someone profiting and I think we can make a lot better systems than all of these if we just get the right people doing it that understand individuality and don't ascribe to collective practices, but we'll see for the future, and it's so slow, it's so slow, and this is such an interesting day. We saw what happened with the fireworks, but let's see what happens with the rest of the night. I'm kind of tired, to be honest, but we'll see. Okay, we're going to try something. This burner doesn't work very well. It fails like three out of

four DVDs usually it'll fail. It makes noises all the time and it does that and I have to keep on pushing it in and it took it that time. It doesn't always do that. But let's Let's go to near-burning room.

Okay, um, get rid of that. Let's just go, it's okay, whatever, I don't care. Um, new, let's just go and get that. Baby burn.

We don't need new water. Okay, let's, uh, come back and see how it's going. This is my burner. Okay, so open source heart TV.

It's a similar process, so we posted it on Divine Tragedy, and we got open source Heart TV here, and we're not just going to post it again, we're going to repost Divine Tragedy's one, so we're searching here for Divine Tragedy, and my internet's really slow right now, but that's okay, because we got Twitter going on here. See this happens every once in a while, which means it's just I gotta refresh this. It's not gonna work But sometimes it'll work, but but it's just so slow again This you notice everything's the same everything's always the same and it might take a while because we're on really slow internet It's my life. I You see what I did there?

I'm trying to make a heart you have to do one side and you have to make a reflection on the other side and I always screw it up but I'm getting better this is terrible this one but uh but you gotta do it one go you do stuff like that and screws it up it would have been better not to do that but you gotta learn those things I've never been awesome at drawing or anything but I'm very creative at expression I told you I'd release it in time and it's exactly the right place I love screwing with people they asked for it they asked for it big okay so if you got an image and you want to stretch it it's ctrl T or anything and then you hold ctrl down so let's see if we can find the image layers here it is right here we had to put it see the layer at the top ones those are on the top and the further down they go there below so can see this image right here is behind this right here which is the other side to the DVD and it needs to be like that because if it wasn't I'll show you what if it wasn't I'll drag I'll look at it so drag that up there and you can see that takes over so we gotta put it there but uh you press ctrl T you get this little thing. Press escape and you can do it the same way in the edit. If you want to resize the whole image it's image size but if you just want to resize the particular one you go to transform and scale or whatever you want to do. I mean you look up the words you'll figure out what they do. So we'll go back here and we'll go control T and I'll

show you what it can do when you hold control down there and then you can click on it. I'll show you. And you see I didn't make a mistake. Oh wait, that's on this one.

You see on this one I didn't make that mistake. I didn't make it on the DVD cover. But that's cool. Because it's, if you see, the border is outside and that's what you should make sure is make sure the borders outside of that area you should you'll lose a little bit of bleed but it's best to do that because so you don't mess it up like I did okay remember you study your own work you're not just doing this work for everybody else you're doing it for yourself too so when when you study your own work you need to make sure you actually study your own work so we'll get rid of some of this stuff um get rid of both of those because i don't have a lot of space on this device um let's see how much space we've got okay i don't have but i just got enough for one which that's perfectly fine because i only need to watch one at a time i'll copy that and if i go control c that's cut that's copy that's paste and you just hold control cut control copy control paste so we need to paste it um so control c and that's copy because it's selected alt tab under here and then paste okay so i thought i would talk about my writing i mentioned it and i was like okay well i guess i should elaborate on that a little bit but um i've been to my whole life has been going to lots of different schools and it's just because i've been moving around throughout my whole life so it's like gotta go to a school gotta go to a different school, and they do things like, okay, so some schools will teach you to do an A like that, and the Greek A, I'll show you the Greek A, alpha, okay, it's just an O, right, and then it's just one of those, so you just got like one of those, and then one of those, and that's the Greek A, which I think I would have had lots better handwriting if I just learned Greek, like I should have learned Greek, I would have loved to learn Greek, and I'm learning Greek, and if I don't get killed by one of you guys, then I'll be good with Greek in my near future.

And I mean, I'm pretty good, I understand a lot of it, and I can somewhat read it, but I'm going to be pretty, well, at least with ancient Greek, I'm going to be pretty good with it. But some schools will teach you that an A is like that, and some schools will teach you, like, okay, how are you going to sway them? Are they going to be like that? Are they going to be like that?

Like, are they going to be like that? Like, how are you going to do it? And in each one, you know, you do it 500 times or whatever, but each school you go to, the examples that they have, I mean, because the teachers also, however they were educated, and usually if it's around the same area, it's very similar, common practice, but when you move it around a lot, you get lots of different things. So then my handwriting, um, and if you just look at, and I know I got better handwriting than this, um, but this is, uh, without concentrating and really without having the proper support and stuff like that.

And, you know, when I did that thing on my arm in Living Neverland, um, it was so awkward. It was so awkward. It was like, because I had to show it on the camera and stuff. but if you look so like look look where they direct like most people you see um they'll write uh h i or h i or um or even in the middle okay so you see the different slants like you got high that way and then high that way and then high like straight up like you got different ways of this curve and uh and like look look at my name which which way is mine going i don't know like and it changes each time you see how i do that w sometimes i do a w like like that like you know it doesn't matter my signature is awesome to to do i don't think i should i mean you probably can see my signature somewhere um but uh it is so simple too but that's what happens um or at least that's what happened with me and other people that I've met that have bad handwriting that everybody else thinks is bad that's similar to me handwriting similar to me similar thing happened with going to a lot of schools so a lot of people don't know that it's just an interesting thing and I thought I would mention it what direction is this slanting?

okay so we have 74 credits here and we're just going to get some views on our video here's what I like to do I usually like to put like 20 or so on the views will pick up naturally because people watch stuff but to get like 20 to 50 just to show that you know it's something that's there is a really good thing so if we go into here and we just go into the video URL then we paste that in we'll just try to get some happening we'll just try to get what 20 maybe 20 sounds good for now but the way I recommend to do this you know once you get really think about the ethics behind this you're you're wanting to promote so you can get real uh real audience and and like i keep saying a straw man um is always going to be a straw man uh even if you're ranked number one why hi just give it 30 uh not that didn't do it yeah okay once you get you know between 30 and 100 views uh uh people will just start you know going to it every now and then um but sitting like that you know that's terrible like that that right there if if you put any let's say you put an awesome video on youtube and uh and you have like you know that sort of statistics no one's gonna watch it uh you gotta figure out how to uh to market yourself and um and eventually these things are going to be crazy because uh i've set it up to do that um but but you know when you're fighting against mainstream it's not an easy task and uh and you gotta do what you gotta do to to survive um competing against them and the thing is even though i'm competing against them i'm not really because i mean i'm not charging for any of this even though uh everywhere people People like to think that I'm running a business, but I'm not doing anything like that. I'm just trying to live a good life, and this is the best way that I know how to do it. And no one can, you can try to sue me or whatever, but I give this to you for free. So, I mean, who cares?

There's no consumer protection for you. when it comes to me because I do this because I love you guys so you know like really if we just care about each other and give each other our gifts then we could live happier as a society and more unified I just want to say that and this is really to all actors out there um who are watching this and um are not not really yeah and this is to everybody but this is um the these things i'm showing you are the truth in our world and the way uh people really are and the thing is that everybody knows that i'm i'm using their responses for my um my work but people still still want to respond terribly and and I did everything that I could to to get carmelicity so you know we got a huge community of actors that are supposed to be about compassion and um and I did everything that I could to get them to stand up as the actors that they are on the stage of life and they had a really big chance to jump into here and show the entire world what type of actors they really are and they just ran away from it because they click these like buttons with feelings in their heart that it's an unethical decision. And if that's the way that they feel, then it is an unethical decision for them. So they shouldn't be on this site anyway. So these trolls are saying fake people, fake,

you know, it's all fake. Well, yeah, it can be. It can be. And, you know, if we just build up people that uh you know can't can't can't i mean this is acting i mean we could have done something awesome like our whole community i've been talking about carmelicity movie like carmelicity announced you know they were uh making a movie and then right after they did that um i started uh really getting interested in in it and um and trying to get the community to talk about it about what they thought Carmelicity was, and, I mean, just join Carmelicity and look.

You can tell very well that I've done everything that I can, and there's been a lot of posts that have been taken down. They've been censored. Too controversial. I mean, not for this community.

It's like all these topics that I've brought up is, uh, they're, they're all really important, um, topics that are relevant to our acting community. And then we say, oh, these philosophical discussions are, uh, this isn't the right place here. And then I ask, you know, I ask, where is the right place? They say, oh, oh, we're not, um, trying to, uh, censor anybody or anything. It's just not appropriate for

here. It's like, well, where is it appropriate? Everywhere I go, you know, that's what they're telling me and he can't say that no, no we're really, we're for free speech but we won't allow it, I mean that doesn't work, so I'm really sorry that Carmelicity couldn't give you a show, I mean it's a site full of actors and a lot of these actors are very very talented people and uh and it was very sad for me to you know to like you got time you can do something most of these people have a camera like i mean can't you stand up as the person you are instead of you know you're doing these uh people spend so long looking for these uh their next job um so they can support themselves as an actor and uh and the whole thing is is they forgot their first job which is their life and that they just integrated the acting and the life together and even like go like do your page employment jobs or whatever i don't care but uh but the whole fact is that that we should have had some people standing up and uh and we didn't and we didn't and this is now documented evidence to demonstrate exactly what type of people that we are and I gave Carmelicity every chance that I could to try to help it help the world but I mean it really is either way I mean I'm breaking these all of our oppressions I'm breaking through all these walls and systems like this are helping me do it so it's not that I don't appreciate them or anything like that. It's just that, I mean, like, you can't just not talk about important subjects. They don't go away. I mean, what, you want to look at them but not

talk about them? It doesn't work like that. And it's the same thing with everything we see in society. We see the reflections in society everywhere. There's a topic that's

a little bit uncomfortable. It's uncomfortable for a reason. So we get scared of it. And we think if we just oppress people that are bringing it up, then it'll go away. But you

know what? It won't. Because then you'll get people like me who will bring it back on to you to its full extent. And I'm leading the way to a lot of people to do that. So all

your incorrect judgments um that you've made uh ignorantly and and probably arrogantly um will be revealed and you will then eventually be given a choice whether uh whether or not you know you're gonna be a good person um so let's just look at you know what we're dealing with here those replies are all me every single one and that one's me so uh what about this one a list of four people now and uh that four people and uh and that's me and that's richard and uh we got lots here because you know we gotta get those imdb views to get that star meter up okay so let's uh let's talk about an imdb list uh no let's not talk about an imdb list actually we'll talk about with one person um I mean I'm not saying that every there's good people here it's just okay so let's uh let's uh here here we got you know a list exchange which list exchanges could be good because we can get people you know that um are you know in certain you know similar to us uh in a list and then we can start knowing you know who other actors are that are similar to us uh which is not only good for us but it's good for everybody else because they go oh I like this person who else is there so um but but we're not making use of these and i keep on you know exposing how we could you know really promote ourselves um but but people are not interested but uh but in saying that most of these uh conversations are you know healthy conversations people are nice and uh and and friendly towards each other um which is is still good but uh But when you, you know, when you alienate one person, um, uh, then you're still, you're still a problem. And, um, and just if you think, oh, I'm good. I'm a good person. Um, except when I'm dealing with this topic, uh, that's contradictory to, um, any, uh, understanding whatsoever.

So, uh, there's no, you know, uh, exceptions here. Um, yeah, like, we, like, this is not good. This is not good. Like, uh, these are the people that know about it.

And, um, and that's not even considering, like, how many people see this, uh, see this, uh, uh, news, the news section. So, I mean, you post news, and you can only post once a day. So it stops you from spamming, which is probably good for me because I was supposed to, ooh, we got another like, which this is good. But we should look into, you know, how many people, like, so we got like this, and, you know, we got lots of people, and then, you know, we got something like this, and we, you know, like, look at all these.

I'm used to this so much, like, people, sometimes I don't get any likes, sometimes I'll get, you know, one or two. but every single one of mine are like really important subjects like really really awesome work um i mean i don't post on this thing unless i got something important to say and uh and it's given like in a really receptive format um that you can't misunderstand um so like let's let's Let's learn how to be good people and if we just get on this IMDB list, if the actors want to claim pride in the methods that they use to market, then we could do a lot and see it's not even on there anymore because no one talks about it. See that's the way this works is that you talk about it and see he's the last one that posted in there, he's the last one that posted in there. See I'm always the last one that posted in my ones.

And you can see that throughout, but I don't mind because I talk to myself and I have much better conversation with myself than anybody else. And I end up doing awesome stuff talking to myself. So who cares? Yes, it's a tedious process.

Okay, if you want to center something, then you have to select the area using the marquee tool there. And we'll just say, see this text right here, we'll just say that we want that centered in the very middle of the image. You could select half of it if you, so the way I centered that was as I selected half of it, which I'm still learning a better way to select half of it, eventually I'll figure out an easy way to select half of it but um but for now um uh you just gotta mark it and uh if we're gonna we just do the whole thing control a does that control a will select all and uh and we go over here and uh let's see we'll go to this right here and then we'll over here you see that okay so you got two of them that puts it in the middle you see that uh but it's still not in the middle of the uh horizontally um so there's another button up here that you need to do so when you select it make sure that you're on that you have to be on that select tool so after you mark it make sure you select that and then um and then we gotta go here and you can do that um to the right or whatever but that's the center that one right there is the center so i'll look look what happens and you see it dropped so now that's in the very very center there toilet tragedy and you can move these around um stuff like that that's a little bit more i mean you just draw with it if you just play around photoshop you get it eventually um so there's a lot of different things like that right there um that was taken from um an image and then I edited it to make it my own. That's Ariadne's crown.

There's meaning behind every single thing that I use. So you should start realizing if there's something there, there's a reason why it's there. If we can just start placing things where we want them To be receptive in many different ways, we can go CTRL-Z if we want to undo the toilet stuff we've done, CTRL-Z will only go back once, but you see it's going back in there, so you got to go ALT, so CTRL-ALT-Z will step back and you can just keep on going, CTRL-ALT-Z, control Z and you can see those see that's all the stuff we've been doing divine tragedy now and keep on going back it's just changing things and then back to Wendy so I haven't posted this thing yet and you know we've noticed the problem right there earlier so I thought you know since since we haven't posted it really on anywhere that matters we'll fix it and I'll show you how to do that is really easy okay so if we can tell we can see it there it's kind of hard I can see why we missed it because the backgrounds there is a very similar color so we just go you know ctrl T and we get that and we can see you know it wasn't right but uh all right there we go let's look at the edges really carefully okay so edge edge so close right there but this isn't the DVD cover all right so it looks good so we'll just save it and use that and every time you make new work you have another textbook to study for the rest of your life so please realize what you're getting yourself into and Make sure your work is good enough to be worthy of studying for the rest of your life.

This light is blinding me, but I'll do my best.

I just want to talk about acting, I guess. I guess I'm in the industry, even though a lot of people say I'm not really an actor, but I am really more of an actor than any of those other actors and hoping to show them real acting. But I'm definitely not part of their system. They don't like me.

That's where anywhere I end up, people don't like me being there because I deconstruct everything. and uh and well the the big point that i have is um is that you know being in this industry and seeing how people act in this industry um i noticed there's just so much talk um like seriously like look at a production and look how uh like a production from any company look at look at any movie or whatever um and look at like how much time was this going on and and how you know long did it take to make the movie that you know they did this for i mean it took a long time because they kept doing this and and then you get another person going no no and then you like you get this all around the board um and to be honest like actors should be acting and um and this whole this whole like it's life look we got life right in front of us and um and if we can't you know stand up and act on the stage of life then uh you're not an actor at all so uh so demonstrate yourself for your character and even though our trolls call karmalicity karma fakery if you're if you can't act when when it's needed from you like at the appropriate time when to demonstrate to the world that you're not a fake then you're kind of a fake so good job karma fakery and we only have to learn how to create magic through each and every second of our existence and we will produce documentaries that cannot be challenged and will stand the test of time because god will always bless those who expose its fireworks my screen is all waterlogged I did 20 of those, so the rest are natural, or, yeah, 20 or 30 of those, so the rest are natural, but, um, this one, heh, okay, didn't do that, look, look what we got here.

I just thought I'd show you something interesting that I did, um, so if you can see this image, I mean, I did this a while ago, you might have noticed it, but, uh, if you had good eyes, but let's look at the very right of that, if you notice that it's not the same, um, But that's because you see that, I was trying to make it where I could have a little bit more room so the end of the flute, end of the recorder wasn't so close to the image. So I had a little bit of room, but I used it and then I selected it and then remember that control T thing I said. So I stretched it and I think it's kind of cool, like I know that most people wouldn't like that and most artists would think that's dodgy. But I'm not most artists, and I think that's really awesome.

And I'm going to remember that, and I bet you that's going to tell me a story eventually, which I may or may not share with you. Do you think I'd share with you all of my stories? I got many stories that were made specifically for me and those in my life. And they're not any less interesting than the ones that I'm showing you.

I live a life of a superhero, and I wasn't joking when I said that. I just want to show you how easy this is with the server. If you get it running good so it doesn't crash, this usually crashes, but it didn't last night. I mean that's a lot of points.

I want to say that you won't get 100% of those, so I said 40 in the other video, but it only gave like 28 or something. But that's cool. But you see, I'm not going to be putting all of this on my videos. Like I'm serious when I said that I only want to get, you know, between 150 and I really want to just break the 300 mark and then I want to track it. That's how we should track

our popularity. We should look at these statistics and these are public so they're important. But what I will say is that I'm going to help a lot of people do a lot of the interesting things and this is just going to be riding in the background and I can help other people get to that mark. If they're not established like me, we've got to all be real careful about it and make it look natural. But we can just keep stuff like this running and

then distribute it fairly amongst a whole bunch of videos of all the talented people that just, you know, it's an open source heart TV. You know, we released a new video and we can get to that 300 mark pretty easily. Well, now it's not really too hard for me to get there naturally if I want, but it really does depend on which investment I have because I have nesmith.net, Open Source Heart TV, Open Source University, and Divine Tragedy. Most people can't keep up with me and they don't look at all of these places, so usually people just follow kind of one and they think that's enough, so some of my investments will get a lot more views than others.

So this thing is good to balance it out and you just get the foundations and then do the rest of your stuff. This is that Lewo video converter that I told you about that can combine all of your footage directly from your camera or your SD card or however you have it set up and put it into one file. we want it the highest quality and this took me a long, I almost ditched this program but I couldn't find any other programs like it and if you don't change these settings then you're going to have a lot of time wasted and that's why I want to tell you this now because you know it could save you days and days and days just to, you know you have to play around with things. So let's say we convert to MP4 so you got to add, you got to put them all in there click that and then add all the videos just you can just select all and if you have videos in there that you don't want necessarily don't worry about it because you can just cut it out but we want to bring both of these to high we're just going to try to give it you know the best we can get it so bring it to high and then we go to settings okay this right here you got to make sure you do this well. Okay, so the audio Kodak is AC3. The quality is just high. It's

48,000. Sample rate 4800. Stereo. Okay, the audio is good. So, you know, that's sort of

what I do and then here here's the make it pal or if you use NTSC depending on what you use on the video codec yeah that's fine quality is high okay this is important it says video size you need to actually put what you whatever your video records that mine does this right here 720 by 576 so whatever your camera records that change it because the original it doesn't work and it screen it squishes it and then you lose quality so that's important as far as the bit right that's just the quality just do 2300 it's good just do that or you can even do more than that you do 4,000 or 5,000 or whatever but put the frame right in there so don't don't do auto on that do do between 2300 and let me see how you can do 5,000. I mean this is just original footage. Oops. There's a problem with this keyboard. It does that. It loads random stuff that I don't tell it to. And

I have to press the Windows key to get the keyboard to work again. But it doesn't work on, it doesn't do that on a terminal server, which is interesting, which means it's more of a software fault. That's interesting because every time I reinstall it still does the same but um I don't think it's going oh yeah here it is all right so like six thousand um you can do the 2300 it doesn't really matter I mean uh you just got to make the video footage look good if it looks good see I'm in pal and and that's 25 frames per second and um aspect ratio is 69 okay so we you see we just had to change like almost every single one of those settings and um and And you can always save it as a template right here so you don't have to do it again. Make sure you keep using it and call it 6,000 is probably a bit too much but I don't care.

Play around with these. Everything in front of you is meant to be played around with and if you can't play, if you can't have fun with what you're doing by tweaking things and manipulating it, you You are the sculptor, and if you can't have fun doing that, then ooooh. So we have just finished this. Now the process is really fast, which is really good because we're just on time.

But now we're in the good clear area, but I would be normally using, I'm going to be using my Windows Server eventually to do this because I can't find any good browsers in Linux that are stable enough to do what I want, which is pretty much just download and upload. Those are the only two things that I need to do, and to find browsers that were downloaded off Google Docs is kind of difficult, it's supposed to copy and paste, like copy and paste is supposed to work between the two stations, but for some reason it's not, which makes this a pain uh you see it just crashes yeah so that's what i have to go through like just for going to the url it crashed um so i'll keep on um trying to load it and see what happens

that takes a while to generate but it's online so it's up there and it's public now so uh but we still got another step to make this how i want it um so i gotta download it onto the server okay so let's see the speed of this puppy right there needs to be uh yeah we could only i could only find firefox and some other language and i don't know the language well enough to change it i don't really care either i i think i know where most things are uh with anything but that gives us an opportunity to upload it and uh to download it so we can upload it on youtube and and you see how quick it is. I mean, we're going to get all this. Look at this one. So, once this is, this is going to upload really quick to YouTube. See, once we get this on the cloud,

we can put this anywhere. So, I mean, you think you've seen a lot from me now? I mean, now that I have this server, which I've been working towards for a long time to get something like this, you're going to see a lot more from me because all of my old works, you know, I can just upload to every source on the internet that will allow me to. I'm not going anywhere.

And if you think that I am, then you have seriously mistaken. If you think your persecution and telling me that everything that I'm doing is never going to work, I mean, like, I know what I'm talking about. And if you're going to try to, you know, stop me from doing, you know, what's good, then you're the problem. Um, so, uh, now that we got this downloaded, um, we'll go upload it to YouTube.

Action! Alright, we're on YouTube. Got our last one.

It's going to the cloud.

Um, I'm not going to worry about editing it. Um, I don't really like the server, and it doesn't, it's not comfortable to me. Um, so I'm just going to, you know, change the name, and then I'll edit the rest on my own computer.

That's all I'll do. But, um, ha, ha, ha, oh, oh, look. it's already finished. It was so fast. How can it do that? How on earth can it do that?

That makes no sense. Okay, so now it's processing. I just clicked it, changed the name and it was already done. So this is the type of connection, this is almost a 2 gig file. So this is the

type of connection we're dealing with. So now we're processing the video and we'll see what happens with that, see if we can get good screenshots and stuff for it. I'll keep you informed. I made it well within my release date from my origins and from the hub. Maybe

I am just a lurker because oftentimes I don't use any of my points. I just talk with people and watch responses and everything but in saying that when I got a new production out so when the credit title for Living Neverland comes out on an internet movie database then I'm going to have a lot of looking at other people's work to do because that's how promote and this is all you know I make this for the guys on the site and um and once the guys on the site realize what the content is if they like it then they'll you know word of mouth will get me around there um so I mean my target they are my target audience and that's why I spend so much time with them but I'm so scared about getting banned because they censor me all the time like you can't do that can't do that can't do that but uh and I get banned most everywhere that I go So, um, but, but, uh, Carly City hasn't done that now, and that's probably a big reason why, um, why I'm actually trying to defend this community, because, uh, even though they don't treat me very well at all, they treat me like I'm a crazy person, which maybe I am, who cares, um, but at the same time, um, uh, yeah, I'm defending it, because, you know, there's, there's, there's nice people on here, um, so, and really talented people, I mean, there's ways to connect with like minds and team up, you know, as the superheroes that we could all be. But we've dropped that conception and put it into only fiction, but I tell you that there's no fiction in this. It's all reality, and if you think that I'm working with, you know, fiction, then you should really look at what it is you're talking about.

If you think that I'm not Peter Pan, then you should just really look at what it is that you're looking at. I mean, look at my whole life. You got everything there. I mean, I've given it to you.

So if you want to make judgments, I mean, look at background conditions. And if you can say those things after you look at background conditions, then I'll respect what you say. Okay, it's up now. He just hasn't chosen a screenshot.

and it's been put up on here too now um we just won't show the screenshot but it'll work oh we got a screenshot let's uh look at all of them see if there's any good ones oh here we go that's a good one i gotta put that information in which i'll do in a second i can just copy the others there we go and we got that done after you upload it um make sure you change that to creative commons because this is open source so anybody can reuse anything and save it. Well the actors of our community are definitely putting on a show and don't get me wrong there are good people that are standing up here but in saying that now I'm about to be banned because of the content of this movie. And it's really funny because I hope for so much, but I told you what was going to happen. And there's a difference between what I want in my heart and what I know what's going to happen. And that's why

this is all so easy for me because I know what's going to happen when I do stuff. And I can just tell you why I do stuff, what I'm doing and what's about to happen, and then tell you what I think should happen instead, and then demonstrate it happening. So I'm about to get banned from this community, and that's going to hurt my career because I won't get promoted how I want to, but at the end of the day then I just opened up another field to get into to demonstrate all of this. This is interesting.

This page is just blank, and it doesn't matter what browser I loaded on. So I'm going to try to see what happened. I think my IP was banned, which is really funny. But I got lots of internet because I used lots of different things to accomplish the same task to tap into the source.

And let's change your IPs and see if we can get it going. Oh, you gotta love that, let's see. I still have a few things to show you with all of this, but I'm about to leave to show you something on the outside world. But this place that I'm at now, I'm not going to be here for much longer and it's really that right there is what we need. That's our fuel.

That's our fuel and that's what we need. But since I'm only going to be here for another a little bit, I don't know, sounds like maybe a week or two, and then back in the mountain apparently, but I want to show you how this works, it's not what you think. So let's reveal what it really is to be homeless.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



05-Living-Neverland-Produce-It-Act-3

I said that I would show you what it means to be homeless, but I'm going to modify that statement just slightly. I'm about to show you what it means to be a tech nomad. You need food. You need a shower.

You need a locker. All for free. Thank you. You need people that at least will help you whether they care about who you are or not.

It doesn't really matter as long as you find supports that will help you with basic necessities such as a little bit of storage and food so you don't starve. There's some lockers too, see?

But we must never forget what our mission is.

Now to the roadworks. A place to eat, a shower, and an information center. And we will be able to eat massive amounts of food for the measly change that we interact with on a day-to-day basis.

And I just thought I would mention, I thought it was funny, I know I took the video footage in the shopping center and they hate that. They hate me doing that. So I have to be pretty secret about it. But if you saw, I'm not sure if you saw it to the girls, I think I at least got one.

But there's two little girls and they kept on leaning on me and their parents kept on, or their mother kept saying, don't lean on him don't lean on him they kept saying the mother kept saying sorry and stuff it's like oh it doesn't matter i want to tell you though that children can always lean on me

here's your new guardian treat her well we might not be able to afford to go on it but the merry-go-round that we live in is much bigger and we will always find places to get free internet free food there that's not vegetarian so you got to be careful you gotta find places that get vegetarian and a lot of people are going to say take what you can get and screw being vegetarian but but that's not ethical so live the life that you have to live power and internet here but be very careful about buying anything from here free internet here you can play pool good hearts good minds I think they I think you have a little bit of food there like I think they have a kitchen I haven't been in there but they're really good people there and that's they help youth a lot so to look out for places that help you only deal with people that we consider themselves more of a social worker be careful psychiatrists be careful psychologists be careful random people trying to help you by asking questions that they shouldn't need to know don't tell everybody you're homeless be careful who you tell your homeless don't look like you're homeless figure out places that you can go that people will not realize that you can fit in and and pretty much do whatever you want while you know blending into the atmosphere so I mean it's pretty easy for for Peter Pan considering he's a child so where do all good little boys go to stay away from them not its opposite and we will have to dress up as pirates and go or machie and drool and we will wear our eye patches and no one will be able to tell. Leaving home! Leave home Life was never good to me Leaving home I smell the morning hair Leaving home Life was never good You can't work it out well Leaving home Leaving home! Reach for the skies And every step that we take in wisdom will lead us to places of comfort which we can relax eat use power and take our showers to clean ourselves of all of the filth of the world but then we have to go back in it

and we will know our environment very well so that we can help people that come along and ask for directions um so we can be both of use and look like we actually belong there uh i don't have any association with uh any of this school or anything i don't talk to anyone here like there's a few people that i became friends with uh um but this i am here because i have an an eye patch on ah it won't stay oh well but it's the weekend now and it's very quiet um it's sunday so this is my day to god um sometimes i go to church or some type of church but to be honest it's kind of dangerous uh they're not what they say they are they're collective organizations built for um for a certain result um so as we come back through all this and if you've seen any of my work um we can start to notice that we always going around in circles um and this is where we started in ivory heart uh but i'd like to think that we've gone um leaps from there i mean like only two productions this will be the third oh i mean i guess i got other ones but But major ones that took a while they didn't just come to me, but I planned out for a long time

So I hope you enjoy all this and I mean, I really try my best and I'm not asking anything from you. So what can you do?

I will show you where the bookshop is The first thing you need to do is learn martial arts and you need to become really good at this You should probably stop watching this right now and go go be trained in some martial arts But I recommend ninjutsu. If you can find ninjutsu, go with that. But Aikido, Krav Maga, Jiu-Jitsu, those sort of martial arts are very effective. And look for martial arts that don't have a code of conduct that can use the private parts of people and their pressure points and the way their body moves like and can be moved incorrectly to do whatever you want.

Those are the sort of martial arts that you need to be getting into. And screw the systems with honor. I mean, you're going to be a freaking child, and you're not going to attack anyone. You're not going to hurt anyone.

If anyone hurts you, they deserve to go without their private parts for the rest of their life.

I recommend, I mean, if you really are seriously going to do this, and you should be looking for other people who would want to do it with you. um so even though this is a lone journey for me it never meant to be i mean if i started this journey in childhood like like like this uh then maybe it'd be a lot different um because in childhood these sort of ideals are a bit more receptive um because running away and joining the circus um i mean that's a fairy tale of what was always a fairy tale of me and maybe not not just a circus you know going and living on a boat or something like that it's all the same things so uh but but the thing is is that we can do this i mean we just walk away there's nothing that money that these systems these these things linking you holding you down to this world to this place of time to you know uh what what what you're doing uh as a result of everybody else um you can get out of these systems and uh and by you as a child doing that and by our current uh The government's going to have to listen, and then the government's going to have to sort you out all. So you shouldn't be worrying about that. Because in time, you've got more human rights than anybody else in childhood.

And if you stand up, if you unite together, if you show that you do actually have a voice, and you're not just doing what your parents say, um then uh then we have an opportunity to fix a lot of problems within our society and i'm going to say try to do everything 100 legal if you can if you can if you can't there might be methods like in america i know it's going to be a lot harder to do this than in australia um and i know other places as well it's going to be more difficult to do what i'm saying um but at the end of the day we got to figure out methods to do it and and sometimes i mean if we have to steal some food from greedy people that have way too much of it then we got to do what we got to do to survive and if uh if the people that are good at doing that do that and you just give roles to everybody that wants like what they think um that they can contribute and maybe find a good spot in the wilderness and don't let anybody know don't let any adults know about it don't don't do that um that's your spot uh so i mean uh this is this is how we can do it all and you can build that spot too try to build it with natural stuff in your environment so you don't stand out um you got to think about you know if a helicopter comes over it or something like that you you don't want them seeing where you are because then they'll get the adults get involved and then they'll they'll end up locking you up for a while wanting to change your parents or something, and then you end up running away again, and it's going to happen again. Just do it right the first time. Think about a spot very carefully. It's okay if it's a while away, as long as you have thought it out very carefully and can get, make sure you get water.

Water's really important. Water's like everything. So you need that primarily, and then what it means to obtain food, which in the wilderness, there's food that can be had there. it's not it's hard it is very hard but but as a last last resort be careful about poisonous stuff there's a method you know if you if you open a wound so well the best thing to do you know pick it up if you're not sure if it's poisonous scratch yourself you can do it like on your wrist scratch yourself on your wrist so it's it's like red and um and then and then rub like the the leaf or or the plant that you're planning on eating on it and uh see if it reacts and then you got things like if it doesn't react then you can um then you can put a little bit in your mouth and spit it out see how that lasts for four hours i mean think the test of time even even if it might take you like like uh four days to realize that there's a plant that's good to eat um that makes you feel good uh then uh that's okay um because that plant will be will continue to be good for you so whenever you have a new plant take your time with it uh and there's a lot of plants that can be eaten like as far as i i'm aware um anything that uh anything that's growing underwater pretty much can be eaten um so i mean the our outside is uh is a beautiful garden and that's what i want i want to eventually buy a wilderness property and then i want to build natural type structures on it and then make a community and then we could all you know grow what we like and then share everything with each other and that's my ultimate goal but uh but you know homeless people can't do that we have to uh hide in the wilderness um or or die on the streets or get addicted to drugs because we don't know what to do i mean like this is the life that's set up for people that uh that don't conform so you can either conform and then live out the lives that everybody else does that you see around you or you can change the world and if any of my children get hurt or die in this entire process that i'm saying then i will have the rest of my life to shed tears over the tragedies but i will continue to hold all of this as my responsibility personally on my heart and and i'm not going to say i'm going to hold this responsibility for society because society has shown me how much it wants me involved with it it is not something that i hold responsibility to i hold responsibility to god and and whenever i whenever i cycle into the next existence whatever may that may be um i will take responsibility for all of my actions here on this world so now let's clean off the uh the meat juices and and cook it up homeless style do you know what a divine tragedy is yet i hope i'm teaching you only take from those giving with an open hand. Never beg. Never steal off individual people. Tink, tink, tink, tink, tink.

And if we always keep our eyes peeled, we can always find the acorn that will protect our hearts. I wanted to show, you know, carmelicity or, you know, people being, making good decisions and standing up for their own actions. And that was why I did all this, but I kind of did it all because they would either show, you know, everybody's going to show themselves for what they are and it's going to prove, you know, to everybody because it's historical, it's a documentary. So, um, I mean, just look, this is all historical data that you're getting.

Um, so, I mean, there was a lot more that I was kind of due, um, but, I mean, I think our journey has, uh, told us to close this chapter off, and, uh, and, uh, I hope you enjoyed it and learned a lot about, uh, a lot of the main things that you need to do to become all of this, um, and, and produce it. I mean, because now I'm going to have another stage that I've got to produce this, and I'll take that a little bit easier. I won't because it doesn't matter so much about the time, at least right now. We'll see.

Maybe I'll realize that I have to release it by a certain day.

But in the end of the day, it's going to be very quickly for me to be able to do that anyway.

So I was hoping to get a production where I could see all the compassionate stars of the world you know standing up for their methods that they utilize to promote themselves and and if we did that then we can ungroup the oppression around alienation it's kind of funny because of what I've done again and like every time everywhere I go my whole life this is what happens as I get involved in the community some people from that community really like me and support me and then most people don't and then um and then eventually i get censored all through it and uh and then eventually i get banned and this is my life it's like one place to the other to the other to the other um so i've kind of lost my target audience now um so i got a lot of time to contemplate on how to figure out how to find another one um to to promote what i'm doing because i've just lost but i don't i don't ever use one they use a lot of different um techniques and i'll come across more and i can share those with you as i come across them and if i get the right people if i get programmers you know open source programmers uh then i can do a lot so um i'm sorry that this is coming to an end like this, but it is a divine tragedy, and it turned out exactly what it needed to be. People destroy things all the time around here. I mean, this is what places like this are like, and hurt people too, so we end at the divine tragedy of violence We end at the Divine Tragedy of violence and anger in our hearts being geared in the wrong direction. So, this is a call to the hearts of Carmelicity.

And not only Carmelicity, also the trolls. I tend never to really be grouped with any collective organization or collective thought processes or trends. I tend to do something entirely different from everybody and so that ends up making me alone. But I always find somewhere else and then get more exposure and then more people know me.

meeting people and people say oh no one knows about me that's a bunch of crap lots of people know about me and most people hate me lots of people want me dead I mean how many people can say that lots of people all around the world you know want them dead I mean I'm pretty special and because of that that's a that's pretty popular I'm considering you know the situation I am you know what I'm doing and what I've done all of it alone so we'll see where all that goes And I want to, you know, end with, I haven't really, this is what I'm being compelled to say right now. And we really had two types of groups throughout our observations. We were watching the trolls and we were watching Carmelicity and We were watching both and yes the Carmelicity even though you you know, they're not being mean they're the ones getting the flack

Some of the things that the trolls said We're not inaccurate a hundred percent Because the way that they utilize it and if we don't take pride in any in the marketing methods that we utilize then um then I'm sorry, but those trolls have a more solid foundation to stand on than any of you actors. So maybe we should be thinking about what we're doing. And then we get Carmelicity, which is a site that was created.

I've learned a lot about this site and the person who created it. And I understand a lot of how it works. And to be honest, I really think this site really was just made, was created to get kind of a fake presence in the world, because you can tell that it's not really orientated to really get a comprehensive experience of other people's work. So a site that was created on compassion, karma, and love, and wants a positive message and everything, and then you get a documentary maker that dedicates his entire life to the same thing, you know, to love, and gives it all to the people, and he ends up getting banned from it when he you know exposes the actions of people in there but but he's doing this to try to encourage people to you know be proud of the methods that they use I mean there's some problems here so uh so this Carmelicity framework that we have I've been wanting you know I want it open sourced and I don't want that specifically but I want something like that that can both promote but also give a very you know well-rounded environment to be entertained in so if you're gonna be a phony then then keep keep doing it and it doesn't matter if you're gonna put your name under carmelicity or some other or some other community I mean they call themselves communities and they are like that's their definition but but they're I mean John says that that I am not good for the community pretty much and that my interests don't go and aren't in line with the community it's like well what is the interest of the community and my interest is all about love and and helping people and And that's the core of my interest in everything that I do around that is to assist this socially developing into society and as collectively learning how to love, because we don't do that at the moment.

So I ask, you know, what is the interest of carmelicity? If they kick out someone like me, then look at our businesses, look at what we're supporting. Don't get me wrong, John makes money. There's a lot of people that are paying for this service.

It's cheap. It's like $10 a month. You can get a free version. The free version limits you a lot more.

If you don't have a lot of work, it's very limiting. But when you do stuff like me, I can just do lots of stuff and get promoted around the board because I'm all in different types of investment. But it's still not a free system at all. And we need to come back and ask the question, which I keep on saying, what is love?

And if we're going to create a system about it, then we really need to assess that question. Before we go in and start banning people, but it is how it is. And I hope you enjoyed this divine tragedy.

That was Living Neverland, produce it.

Why does no one want to get along?

Is it really that hard to get along? this site doesn't look like it's any good but uh but we'll see um these things take time uh i'm either gonna i gotta find an audience some way and uh and there's about to be a new group of people um sometime in the future when i manage to find a good audience um they're about to get exposed to me and then i'll repeat this process where where i get involved in the community see people don't like what I'm doing, fight, get censored all throughout it, and then eventually be banned, and that's the process that I'm stuck in. So I hope you enjoyed the movie.

Cut.

All of those thumbs down, that's from my mother.

You there? Hey, you called me right in the middle of shooting. Give me a minute, okay?

Yeah, I will. Hang up and I'll give you a call soon.


༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
https://republicka.life
https://kkk.education
CC0 PUBLICKÁ DOMÁNIA
ALL LOVE RESERVED
AMORIARIACKA IS MY NATIVE TONGUE
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻