༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
🎵 Song of Wend 🎵
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻

April 23, 2013


Song of Wend is a practical demonstration of the highest quality of education that the Internet will ever be able to provide. Welcome to our new golden age. This is your new classroom.

Song of Wend is an open source warehouse of lyres brought to life in digital format. The lyre is fully customisable with 13 sounds and images of your own life. All lyres are based on the Lyre of Apollo. It is a collection of the most unique and innovative instruments geared to teach the music of life through intuitive synchronisation. The lyre has now been open sourced to reflect any possible musical instrument. It is so easy even a child can do it.


------


06-Song-of-Wend-Episode-00-Trailer

Kronos, father of time, purifies the elements, and this enables Gaia, our mother, to flourish, and from her bones in which we threw behind us. Let's start at the altar. Cancer, find the queen, educate everybody. She will give us another chance.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



06-Song-of-Wend-Episode-01-The-Mark-Experiment

It's time to wake up, Wendell.

Can we do it? We teach our children. I belong with these guys much better than my human kin.

Oh, sweet Artemis.

It's a full moon. I didn't realize that, but it makes sense because the moon rotation, that's hooked up to my biological clock. and um and when there's a full moon i get drawn to the wilderness this is a baby kangaroo see if we can get real close to it so cute hello i'm just gonna sit down right here that's okay please don't run oh i don't have to run oh i can look at you from here you're still like almost an arm's length away a little bit more no arms length I'll come over here sit next to you like me sitting next to you so beautiful get your pouch ready you can put children in there and take on to school can you see background conditions sometimes it's fuzzy

or he does something he regrets.

He is possessed by the... Look, what you're saying makes no sense. Why would Satan drive out Satan? If a kingdom is divided against itself, it cannot stand.

If a house is divided against itself, it cannot stand.

No. If you want to rob a strong man's house, you must first buy out the strong man. Then you may rob his house.

All sins will be forgiven. But to blaspheme against the Holy Spirit, as you have done, by saying, I am possessed by evil, I don't think you saw him but he was a guy and he said hello but I just wanted to question something and you got like you know good morning and then you got good afternoon and then you got good night or good evening sorry good evening and then you got good night and good night is such a difficult one uh let's get this i keep forgetting i got this thing sometimes it doesn't work um especially when it's wet started having problems um but good night it's like a it's like saying goodbye it's not it's not used in the same context as uh all the other goods uh referring to the time of day So why don't you do this why say so goodnight means bye, but if you're just like trying to make a greeting, you know Goodnight, it's kind of awkward for a greeting So what happens after evening is that when uh when everything goes to sleep? Well, I'm still here. So see ya

Artemis dear Artemis Will you marry me or the crown of this world? I told you that I would always be around the corner. I don't lie Mr. Wolf Spider. I think you're a wolf.

Hello. Are you going to enter? You shouldn't.

You did. But if you entered, I would have to take you out. And I wouldn't like you to bite me. I've already been bitten by a wolf spider before.

So I hope you don't enter. I mean, you're right there. But I do like you there. You're cool there as long as you stay.

right there are you gonna go are you coming are you coming awesome you're gonna go down keep going down go down okay you're insisting on staying here please just don't come in too cute cute like you're right there too thank you so much almost in arm's length see you guys just turned upside down and pulling on his cock and I can't look at him I gave that video camera to my girlfriend at the time because um I couldn't yeah you told me man because I didn't know how to use it and I couldn't be far from buying an SD card if you give me a visual camera sure you could have port and sd card give it to because i'm so helplessly lost with brain damage a lobotomy 13 electric shock treatments and not even any dex anymore oh that's some ice wendell i've escaped the rehab and i don't even get my pension oh

you're gonna carry me around on your back your whole life Ross off the cross, so I got a King's Cross and declared myself a freight whore that... This is the song of wind. I haven't had a digital camera that was good enough to capture pages from books so I could convert it to text and then get it to talk to me. And I haven't had a digital camera for that since the last time I went to the psychiatric ward.

So it hasn't mattered because I haven't been in school since then. And school really, for me, is to learn about your life. and learn all the details in your life and then learning how to practically apply those details into your existence. And everything that I have is that I really have actually had access to really to study has been in electronic format so what I did was learn how to get the teacher basically to turn that text into voice so the teacher could be whatever voice that you so wanted and a lot of people didn't like those voices and like oh they're annoying but the thing is you get used to them and I've had crappy voices and over the years the voices always get better so I since I didn't sleep much I was able to learn copious amounts very quickly because I would I would get just select a whole bunch of texts that I wanted to read maybe a whole book even and convert that into audio format and then I would listen to it on my iPod and since I spend my days walking the globe and nights walking the globe this means that I can listen to a lot of content very quickly and the thing is is that you can train those voices or you can train your ear for those voices and get them to read faster and faster and you will come to a point where your comprehension is only of a certain level so you can only comprehend so much at one time.

So you'll have to play around with those voices in order to really in order to understand material the best but just keep going and listening and listening and if you don't you know in your spare time if if that's what you can do then you can become really smart but now that I'm back at university they sent me books let me show you these books okay so these are my books and that one's not too bad um but you know you gotta look at the pages and the size and I've taken pictures of every single page try to do that and then that converts to text and then see I struggle with reading this because what happens is that's a lot of things uh like that's that's that's a huge paragraph in itself and it's like well how long can I think about this paragraph and and I get very deep into these paragraphs and what they mean and I lose focus so I mean it takes me a really long time to read something the way I want to because I have to think about every single thing that's said and and when I have some a format that will keep my my attention span so when this is read out to me then And once it's read out to me, I can then, at a certain level, I can keep track. So I hear all these thoughts, all these thoughts that are coming through, and I go, okay, well, they're going through really quickly. But the thing is, my mind captures it. so i get this material in my head and later on as i walk the globe then i get long periods to think about what what these things mean and at least the way my memory works is is that i i think about these things and like i try to remember every situation i try to remember exactly how i said it and i try to remember how i could have said it better to articulate my meaning um in in a better manner and if I can you know capture these words these things that I struggle with and if I can put it um telling me you know over time um uh in a organized manner because I can just select all this text you put this in electronic format and I can just select all that text and then I can just tell my little program called text aloud to read it out to me and and I still understand it all at the end of the day um but it might take me longer to get through it because i got so much going through my head but i'm gonna think and like i have a whole lifetime to think and think about these subjects in in great depth um because we are talking about complicated issues and i i'm pointing you to things i have no idea what i'm pointing at you to but I'm telling you that each paragraph in there really must be thought of very carefully to be understood and if we can at least get that like a capture it in our head through through you know the the voices of our electronic education system then ultimately we could if we some so universities need to provide electronic format and that's for the people that struggle to read because whether they can't do it as fast as everybody else and if I end up you know doing getting credits or or just or even lower than that or even failing each and every unit because I can't learn like you're trying to make me learn but I'm still learning and that's what I'm trying to show you and the objective of this entire my university I can't do this now because I the cows about to get a camera well see what happened I was looking at document scanners and and that way I could just put it all through and then convert it myself through a program because we got technology to do that now and then I would be able to get my voices and actually read faster than everybody else and I could be the top student if you would just you know provide this this electronic format to me and I've been telling you over the many years that I needed this in order to learn but you kept on pushing your ways so um so here I'm questioning what I know I'm gonna fail this unit because I'm not going to do anything like I was supposed to because because that camera I was the document scanner instead of getting a document scanner an iPad came up and I could afford it if I gave it my tablet and $200 and and as you saw that got stolen um all of it got stolen uh and now i don't have now i'm poor i'm dirt poor i can't live there anymore because the people want me dead for reporting it to the police and um so i'm back here in the wilderness uh and that means i got nowhere to go at all and i'm gonna i got some places to go but that's going to be part of this journey so if we look at background conditions and you know assess what type of life people are living and how we're screwing it up by us not being able to provide for the people that that need different methods to understand what you're talking about and see I'm never gonna be a professor or anything like that because my methods to learn you're never gonna provide for here's the deal Murdoch I can't read the amount that you want me to read because right now I don't have any facilities to put this into electronic format in any way fast enough that that I would be able to get ahead again or if I did it would wouldn't be till mid-semester and I would already miss a lot so I can't I can't do what you're asking me but that's because of my life and if we just look you know at each student and how they live and then really you know help them with their own life because isn't at what we're trying to do with education in the ways that they need that's what this is trying to accomplish so I'm trying to show you the ways that I need this film which is going to try and try I tell you try to reenact the Iliad and the thing is that I've only heard stories about the Iliad I haven't actually read the Iliad yet so that's what I gotta do is read the Iliad um...

and it's gonna be really hard to pull it off because up until now I've just been doing mythology um... mythology stuff that really only needed one person and uh... it's going to be an interesting task for me to do this And I need to do it in a way that's receptive, and I'm going to try not to take forever. So the way I'm going to have to understand this material is I'm going to have to flip through it.

I'm going to have to look at all the topics. I'm going to have to look at what they're talking about and how, you know, they relate to each other. Before I can really even start reading this, I mean, if this was all just electronic, um then i would just be able to uh to just tell it it'll tell me and i'll just follow it and i'll get really fast and i would read the whole thing usually like it takes a i'd be able to read this whole thing in like a week like and it might take me like a month to understand that whole thing um but the thing is it'll all be in my head and it'll all contemplate over a long period of time um so that's a lot to do so i'm gonna have to figure out where these these are relevant you know to my own pursuits in life which ones are most relevant and and look through them and even pieces you know I might not even read the whole things but that's the only way I can do it without you providing me audio formats and like right now in my life I'm sorry I don't have the facilities to be able to do this right now because I was just robbed and that's why I have to do it way and the ultimate question that we really need to consider is here I'm telling I'm asking for help to learn in the areas that I really need help in my life right now and if you're not able to I know I'm gonna fail the units I know I'm gonna fail them but the the what's gonna get exposed though is if you're a a real teacher or not and if you're a real teacher then you'll you'll watch it's these are my assignments that I'm going to be doing and they will be carefully contrasted with the assignments that you've given me and I'm going to try to maybe even cover the reasons why those questions need to be asked because that's sort of you know how I'm thinking about it to show the practical application in the world so i'm going to get driven to certain topics and um because my my life is about this you know all this media stuff i make movies like i'm trying to figure out meaning and how how i can best convey that meaning um to a world that doesn't want to talk about meaning um but but i think we really should and that's what i want to do and i want to get you know our emotions involved and you keep saying i'm not professional or whatever but i don't this is me i want i want our emotions involved i mean these topics are big like personal versus professional that's not how i think that's not how i live i mean look at this uh if you only learn to you know look at in front of you and then consider how that person learns then um then you know the insight that you spent your life learning you can then you know direct me you know that's a tutor isn't that sort of what you're supposed to direct them in the areas that they they need i mean all you guys do is like most of the time you don't have most of the time you're speechless um and that's not cool uh even if i'm going through something personal i mean i'm always going through something personal look how i live um and i've always been like this i always haven't fit in um but i always come back to you guys to learn more because i'm so interested in learning but i'm not interested in a job okay this isn't a job to me this is knowledge this is understanding this is greater understanding and if i can't relate this greater understanding with my own emotions then and and actually be allowed to and even be directed i mean you're going to understand these emotions you're gonna see like yes they're they're very uh they're very um polarized like they're they're extreme because this is the life that i live um but you're gonna recognize them and then all the material that you've learned um you're gonna be able to you know direct me and at i'll get a fail in all my units but the thing is is that i'm going to make sure that i achieve every single learning objective that you have set out in the course so i know you're going to fail me because your systems tell you to um but at the end of the day i didn't fail if you provide this to me and if you did if you don't then the world's going to really uh the world's going to um see this in the production i'm going to release uh about the iliad if i can do it um so that's uh i guess i've laid out my pieces and my cards there's my cards there's my and i'm doing the best i can with my cards i was dealt my cards and sometimes i get to swap and play around with them and try to get the best hand possible but at the end of the day i only have my hand um so if you can't assist me with the hand that i have then you have no education to provide to me and all that you can send me as much as crap as you want with this but this without the the life backing it up you know it all means nothing and um and and you guys have so much good stuff to say and when i criticize um i'm not saying that you know you you lack the understanding there but but you lack the practical application at least in in your inability to convey it to me so um because i live a life that you most of you are fearful of uh but if you just gave me a house maybe i could fix it but there's see government regulated this is the reason it's like this is because this is government regulated and what am I doing my life you know I'm here to destroy these systems um and you know I tried my best to get Murdoch to help me um or even accept me or you know embrace me as a philosopher but but no the opposite happened rejection rejection you're not a philosopher or or my understanding of a philosopher you know isn't the same as yours um and and the thing is you preach this and the philosophers preach this they preach it but but the practical application needs to meet the background conditions and you're not doing if you can't teach through your actions then you can't teach and all you're doing is parroting so i Wendell Charles NeSmith want to be the world's greatest student and i want you to help me become that maybe i am a drug addict but this is legal and i don't feel like killing myself when i'm on it so it helps me and all the stuff that uh that our mental health systems um try to force upon me make me feel terrible so um but but i when i don't have that um i get suicidal or i feel suicidal I just want to die and I'll do anything to die and then when I have it I put the situation and I make a bad situation into a good one that could result in a cool production this pipe has never touched anything illegal yet it has given me the best times that I can ever remember here is how I use drugs each and every one of these can be related to real-life situations and if I can understand what they're talking about you know in my own environment then I would be able to understand them on a deeper level so I know that that's what you're teaching ultimately but these are some pretty deep topics that I you know that has talked about here that are telling me the same things in different ways so these are all things that have all come across anything is we all have because this is you know the this is public um look at what we're no screen look at what we're talking about here uh be careful there okay so there the media audience and public okay that's a that's a big ant that those things bite so I have to kill those I don't like it but I have to because they'll bite really hard but these small guys right here they take them away they take them away and so and they also pick up crumbs they don't they don't hurt me they're awesome i'll get the light out um these are the warriors man i we gotta show these guys respect respect can we go can we get the warriors oh look at that oh you go dude oh you picked that up yourself man you just keep doing that oh you're so tough I want to be like you see you later dude they always take it somewhere interesting but but it's out of my tent because they like to provide for their people because they're only gatherers who who gathered that are they're nasty they're nasty kin and reuse them for better purposes than biting humans who don't want to hurt them okay so back to what we're talking about here um like how how are we doing this in real life and and i guess because i don't have anyone in my life except a camera um that really does care about me a lot that's how that's how I'm structured that's how I think so once I can understand these on a practical application like that's why I do stupid stuff because I want to practically or at least test I want to always test things test the water see how far I can go and and if I can you know have my time take my time doing it I'm trying my hardest I got a lot to go through and understand that I am really really trying with these these topics I just might take more time to learn because I really have to understand the details and then how I can you know practically apply that to my own life and I can't do anything else that's my psychology that's how i'm um that's how i'm built i don't know did society build that or did i build that or is that just something that's in me like these are these are the questions um but but the thing is these questions reflect what all this material is talking about with meaning um so even though i have troubles articulating this this thing i want to talk about i always do um always have to be around the bush and and pull up tons of different topics um that i entered i i go between and and the thing is we continue the conversation at a different time because it was meant to turn into something else but we come back and i see i see in society how people have problems coming back they have to understand like a whole and i think that's a that's a fault um which is what causes a lot of our oppression i'm really uh this is what i really think um i mean look at my life and look how i because i'm structured this way um how i have to live and i mean is that is that oppression that's that's a question that you need to ask yourself is is housing um safe uh and secure housing is that a human right um so once we can answer these questions these are the questions that are important to me um then maybe one day i after you know um depending on how you want to look at it between two and a half to three and a half years been homeless and most of that time in the wilderness um i'm asking for help what other places can i go for help but the places that study the topics that I'm asking, that I care about. But please help me with my own life so I can, you know, fix it.

Just a side note, I don't get lazy or anything like that on drugs, but I actually get creative and very focused and dedicated in what I do. And I like that when I'm doing it. So, I like doing that. So why would you judge me based off, you know, needing a drug when that makes me a better person?

And because I'm better to be around because I'm not so stressed out about hating the world for, you know, letting me be in this situation. um so i think that our pharmaceutical industries need to account for this and and expand their scope of medicinal drugs and um and be able to provide for that because i'm self-medicating there there's a problem if we can't resolve that as a society um and and be able to provide for you know like what everybody needs it's it's a medication um if the person so chooses to be on it uh and if it's not harmful to their life and that can be proven then they should have the right to do it oh i'm so sorry i don't want you to suffer oh i am an external student that needs interaction with tutors are you going to teach to teach or not to teach that's the question And the thing is, is you can't teach if you don't have any practical application to deliver to your topics. So, teach through your actions and I will learn. You're going to earn that paycheck with me.

My fantasy stories are always real.

So, what's better entertainment for your children?

What's better education for your children? I can't afford any of these but what would I do with them if I had them take forever to read them because I'm thinking about everything that it's saying I would need an electronic format so let's learn how to assist people that learn in all different types of ways by providing electronic formats to our students because i can i can do a lot if you just give me that electronic format because for me the clock just keeps going and going and going this time this guy took something that he shouldn't have he oh he dropped it oh he better uh oh no no he has it he has it oh oh he's gonna get his whole family high. They're going to take it back and they're going to chill for it. He's going back to share the love. He's going to start some Indian ritual that they'll do for

many years. Actually they'll do it one time and then they'll get addicted and then they'll try to come back and it won't be here cuz I can't afford it very often it's just a treat so that would be interesting what happens there oh he didn't he better go he better go or he's gonna he's gonna end up dead better go. I'm going to have to kill him. Go. What else to do?

Kill me. Oh yeah. Oh I hate that. I had to do that. That's great.

Okay well our friends will come back and they'll get the munchies and have to chew on him later. My battery's about to run out and this is the kind of life I live but see I got the Iliad now and I can listen to that. See that camera, that light thing doesn't work, it comes on and off, because it got wet, you would have seen that from a different production. But I'm going to walk with that now and start listening to Iliad, which I wanted to listen to. It would have been awesome if I could listen to my books, but I can't at this point in time.

So, this is what I'm working on, and I got two minutes left on this camera to last until I get to the uni, to the philosophy department, so I can charge my camera. Oh, look at him go, look at him go, oh, look at him go, he's doing it, good job, you're a warrior, I wonder where you take him, it'll take you a while, but you always take him away. I only got two minutes left on the camera, one minute left on the camera.

Eventually, we learned how to work as a team. now i got my shower and a charge then we have to go to church to praise god for the free feed that we're about to receive we have to go back and produce it and between this and uploading the next 48 hours of my life is booked did i mention trying to find food and i will stave off starvation for another day. Please, Murdoch, help me attract the right people to me, the ones that will help me be the best person that I can be each and every second, because my audience that I am looking for is my family. Because, dear teachers, I have already chosen my path, and now it is time for you to choose yours why can we fly open your eyes teachers i just altered them

can we do it dear murdoch the world's waiting to find out teach me what i need to learn that's relevant to my character abilities and lifestyle that i live phoebe i've planted my flag



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



06-Song-of-Wend-Episode-02-Reel-Education

what's your name pretty sure you're a rel see you later it's coming back for more didn't have enough of me beautiful creature beautiful you know i'm sitting here with no internet uh phone's not charging or even working um internet's not working uploading not uploading but rendering um this and for the past i don't know a long time i've been sort of up and not sleeping or not sleeping much really revolving around keeping this uh battery laptop battery charged so i can roam around and continue to render this because you can see that uh you know we're talking about a lot of time here um so that's what i'm doing oh but i'll upload it to the club um i'll go to the club and upload it uh once it's finished and that might be i don't know we'll see we'll see and uh this is a really big point in the iliad uh i might only have a few books left to go and you can see I'm not sure if you can see it but it says it needs to connect to power connect to power and I left my cable in the tent so I'm here the entire day thinking I guess about the Iliad and what everything that uh it's been saying really means and uh and there's a lot of hidden meaning in this so it's really it's really interesting and i'm learning uh how everything works together um within mythology very well uh a lot of how things are connected and i'm learning characters before that i never knew of and they're they're very interesting characters so it's like i can always study about this I can study about this till the day I die and learn more and more and more so uh and it's fun so I enjoy doing it come and say hi come and say hi hey it's a Canadian city technically a Canadian ship but I think in those days the British seem to run all this shipping I must hear the collarbone divides the neck from the chest and broke the sinew of his arm so that his wrist was less and the bow dropped from his hand as they fell forward on his knees. Ajax saw that his brother had fallen, and running towards him, bestrode him, and sheltered him with his shield. Meanwhile his two trusty squires, Lasistius, son of Achaeus, and Alastor, came up and bore him to the ships, groaning in his great pain. Job now again put heart into the Trojans, and they drove the Achaeans to their deep trench with Hector in all his glory at their head. As a hound grips a wild boar or

lion in flank or buttock when he gives him chase, and watches rarely for his wheeling, even so did Hector follow close upon the Achaeans, ever killing the hindmost as they rushed panic-stricken onwards. When they had fled through the set stakes and trench, and many Achaeans had been laid low at the hands of the Trojans. They halted at their ships, calling upon one another and praying every man instantly as they lifted up their hands to the gods. But Hector wheeled his horses this way and that, his eyes glaring like those of Norgo, oratorous Mar. Juno, when she saw them, had pity

upon them, and at once said to Minerva, Alas, child of Aegis bearing Job, shall you and I take No more thought for the dying Danaians.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



06-Song-of-Wend-Episode-03-One-Very-Big-Day

be back for you next week when i have money to make a sign and eat julia that's exactly what you're doing is throwing that into the bin you know nothing about that word idiots this center is locked in this camera this isn't hope does he want to be in it thank you very much indoctrinate our children into lies it by like one second one second minister Katie Gallagher she doesn't care about homelessness sure she cares about our children marketing ploy all the way across the Hesford Island miss Gallagher right miss Gallagher right what's your views on homelessness around Australia I've been homeless for the last three years oh yes of course but what they do is they put me in really bad places where I get taken advantage of actually I just got $450 stolen from me because you put me in places that are really bad oh I mean it's been three years now it's been three years now this is not just me I know a lot of people a lot of smart people all around that you're not enabling yeah in canberra okay melbourne to buck's marsh to ballarat to kreswick to uh kalamunda to uh perth to uh to byron bay and then

again i'm here first can i help you well this is going i do want to talk about homelessness Come and have a chat to me. What can I do for you? Well, this is going online right here. Okay.

And everybody's going to see it. I've been homeless for three years trying to communicate with you guys to get a house. I've been on the waiting list for ages. I came here to the heart of Australia to try to fix this problem.

Not just for me, but for everybody else that I see. And the thing is, is that I could be enabled to be very profitable to society, but you guys aren't the ones giving me an opportunity. Can I help to put you in touch with someone here? What do you mean?

I've been in touch with everybody. Okay, well, can I put you in touch with the minister? Three years. Okay, can you?

Can you? I'm about to leave the cans. I came here for a year. I froze last year.

You know, Black Mountain, where are we? Okay, Black Mountain, over there. That's where I live. That's where I've lived for the last year.

I'm in a tent at the very top. And you know what? You put me in bad places. And then I either get aggression or I get people stealing from me.

I mean, all I need is a safe and secure accommodation. That's all I've ever asked for. So do you need accommodation tonight? I've been homeless for three years.

I don't care about tonight. I care about long term. Okay, but I can only help you one day at a time. So let's deal with the first problem.

So do you want me to see if I can get you some emergency contact? No, I need safe and secure accommodation. It doesn't matter tonight. Tonight doesn't matter.

Tomorrow doesn't matter. A year from now doesn't matter. what matters is that my life i have safe and secure accommodation but you know what i don't have family here i don't have friends i don't have anybody no one cares about me do you really care about me it's been three years it's been three years i've been trying to get a home can i get someone to talk to you can i get somebody to make contact with you can i take your details and get someone to call you tomorrow morning okay okay i will make i will get hold of the minister somebody and you wonder why people are suicidal and when they have no one in their your life and you can't even provide them a place to live. Come over here, I'll give you details.

Line in primary. It can be a tough time to enter primary school when you're a bit late into the years. How did it have been? Okay, so what was your name?

My name's Wendell. Anyway, Julia Gillard knows me. You know what? Your helicopters, they fly right over my tent.

I'm like that. I zoom up. I use my camera and I zoom up straight to the helicopters. Let's just deal with what I can help you with.

Okay, but you know what? You guys already know this. Now I'm just causing a bus and now you're actually doing something. Well, I've never met you before, but I've never met you before, but Julia Gillard knows, and her team knows exactly who I am.

Just keep calm and come from me, okay, because I'm trying to help you. So can I get your contact details, and I'll get the minister's office to give you a call first thing in the morning, okay? 0415-0415-601-601-872. And what's your last name?

NeSmith, NeSmith, Wendell NeSmith. N-E-S. Is it double L? Right, right, right.

N-E-S. N-E-S? M-I-T-H. M-I-T-H.

Okay. And Julia Gillard knows exactly who I am. Okay. But this is the ACT government so we're the ones who look after... Yeah, we've got a crew

here. Hey, crew. We've got access to MPG. Okay.

There's a crew. Okay. So I'm going to get someone from the minister's office to call you first thing in the morning, okay? And I'll get someone to give you a call.

Where are you staying tonight? Do you need me to put you in touch with some emergency accommodation tonight? I'm much safer in Black Mountain than emergency. I know your emergency accommodation way too well, and it's bad accommodation.

People like me don't work there. Okay, well, I need to make the offer. I can organize some emergency accommodation. That's not an offer.

Do you want me to get stolen from again? I haven't eaten in three days, besides your free services, like early morning center. I'm like, I can't bring food back. All I can deal with is deal with what you're asking me to do now, which is to talk to you about your long-term accommodation issues.

Is that what you need me to do today? I'm actually planning to move to Kansas I came here for a year to try to come to the heart to try to keep the heart, had it in them to give me a place, three years three years is a long time Wendell, why don't you let me get someone to call you in the morning, first thing, and we'll get a case officer to give you a buzz and talk about your individual situation okay, well that sounds good and I'm wondering, does everybody that's been homeless for three years have to find some way to piss off Julia, sorry, piss off Well, I don't work. Hang on, just calm down. There's no point yelling at me.

So if I end up getting sorted out, there's a lot of people out there that are just like me in the same situation, so I'm not just fighting for me. All right, well, we can deal with other people later, but at the moment... But how do they get in contact with you to be able to get personalized assistance? So maybe you might help me because I'm sitting here about to upload this whole thing online.

The ACT government, I can give you a contact number for people to contact the ACT government in the first instance, if you like. If you meet other people, I can get you to contact them. I mean, I can give you a number for people to contact ACD Government if they need help. Do you want me to write down this?

And do you know the housing? I've been on the waiting list. Now, I came in here. I had to freeze for six months in my mountain, and then I had to get on the waiting list, and I've been on the waiting list for six months, and I'm not even on priority, but I've been homeless.

I'm in the mountain, and that's not enough for priority. Okay, all right. Well, what I'm going to do is I'm going to get somebody to call you tomorrow, and then you can speak to them about helping other people that may be in the same situation and i'm talking safe and secure accommodation if you can't combine those two then it's not worth it i actually have to go but i'm going to get someone to call you in the morning you're welcome i'll get someone make sure someone contacts you tomorrow okay let's just check this number 0415 601 872 that's right do you have an address at the moment that i can put down no fixed address no fixed address that's that's on my cards everywhere i got a p.o box i actually have to go i'm sorry i have to go and do my job but it's nice to talk to you i'll make sure someone calls you in the morning okay well please work on the homelessness look i got footage all around australia about homelessness i can't fix it right now but but the government needs to fix it because there's a big problem okay thank you thank you

so you don't feel like dealing with issues like homelessness yourself you want to pass homelessness on pass the buck on pass it on to someone else there's a lot of homeless people out there it's funny you're smiling you know you don't live it I do thank you entertain you for the next 20 minutes children what is home thank you so much this is where I live

FAST FOOD NATION!

Ladies and gentlemen, please thank again Maynard Gold and Illian Popes and Lynn Fuller. We hope you'll stay with us right through till 8 o'clock tonight, just before the symphonies. Anglo-Celtic music that's happened since the settlement of Australia.

Time to go home. Camera zoom is really good. No, Sony. oh yeah because that's Vinny's that came from Vinny's they gave me how love is you know not employed through our education system and and it shows how stupid our education system is because these are beautiful hey oh I got some bread I think I got some bread for you okay see I can take half of this guy yeah I can put it into a heart I can just double it up with Photoshop so I just use that shape and just copy it and see I got lots of different angles there because



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



06-Song-of-Wend-Episode-04-Reign-of-Phaëton

there's enough to go around stop it look oh he's gonna choke oh oh good job good job oh totally better see you guys hello guys mine mine mine mine mine i gotta stop feeding you here there one more for you and one more for you and you guys had enough and you guys are greedy maybe i'll give you a tiny bit here i'll give you a tiny bit i'll give you one i'll give you one that's it Oh, you better get it, I'm not gonna, here, give it to you over there, there you go, that's it, that's it, peeing time's over, no, I'm not giving you any, uh-huh, you ducks are stupid, you ducks are stupid, and Venus always comes, at the right time, thank you goddess, oh, I'll reject it, you want it, thank you, that's all I got for you, ta-da, I'm in a cage, i came to canberra one year ago today i didn't realize it was the sky fire they do this yearly one year i say give it one year and now i'm going to be able to have internet again this is your crown australia watch its fireworks this time last year uh i was on the streets not knowing where to go, not knowing where this place was, but walking around the ANU and it was raining really hard this time last year and I got soaked. I just got from Lismore to here and I didn't have anything to, I didn't have a tent or anything. So there's like two weeks there that I just had to sleep anywhere like I found bush all around I didn't really know where I was and a lot of it wasn't very good bush. A lot of it was really thick and I fell in a hole like a really big hole one time. Like within the week that I came here. But yeah that time was really hard but now I sort of know the area so it's not so hard anymore.

so hard to capture What I see on camera They're two different things always two different things This is it Wendell. I've almost got all the footage. I need Just a few more things Almost there and after three years of roaming the planet We will have to keep on waiting and the waiting and the alienation only makes us stronger for we will one day obtain all of our hearts desires or die trying thing I do is open source so all this footage can be reused in any way that you like and you can use a mix of it to create your own stories so that's why I'm out here trying to give you footage to do your own thing because all this stuff costs lost and there's 25 images per second here and I know when you pause the images they're not you know the best but it's the best camera I have I mean look how I live if I had a better camera you know that can do what I do you know I roll around with it I travel I need something small but it's all I could afford and it has a really good zoom so I can play around with it I can go fireworks if this looks any better does this look better let's see you think it's over yeah sure and how to capture what I see on camera and how to record while looking how to make a good recording while also looking it's hard I'm going to admit I probably more often than not look through the camera or I'm always making sure it's in frame because I'm more concerned about how you're going to experience it and then I experience it how you experience it so I guess that makes it more real for both of us even though it's kind of more fake but i get both i get both and i definitely uh go from you know two in between

purple let's back to auto so which do you think the auto or the fireworks they're both different lenses like we play around with this lens to get a different effect and we all see the world through the lenses of our eyes. Living the type of life that I do and trying to, you know, experience all the crap that I experience while experiencing on the camera and then having to study my work, produce my work and everything. I experience these things a lot. I mean, I'm going to experience this again and again and again. And the source came from my perspective on life, why I'm

standing here back to fireworks making sure everything's in frame and you do smooth transitions and get the best quality that you can because you know each of these can be an image and trying to be as stable as possible possible we got birds coming so depending on what frame you want um because this could be like really good for images of just taking those fireworks um but And then maybe if we put it over to auto, it should be like, it's a city, it looks different, has a different feel. We got a night scene, this night scene. See I can catch more smoke with the auto. Bombs come down on a city.

Open source footage, that's what the world needs. Why do you think I'm so excited? almost got all the footage I need to do a lifetime's work to just continue doing really good work and just you know use all this stuff to convey stories and everybody else can do that too because it's open source you can download it sweet it ends with the heart Wow I wonder how many homeless people that I could have housed. Alright, so I get unlimited internet on my first SIM, so that's SIM1, and that's Yes Optus, and that's $2 a day, and I can't share that, it doesn't let me share it, but I also have an iNet SIM, which is also on the Optus networks, but they tend to get different reception, and I can run both of them at the same time but I don't need to I'm gonna try to just run most everything off this one and then when I need to hook up to my computer I only pay twenty dollars a month for the minimum of this I can just use that SIM when I want to hook up to my computer and I can just let my computer like it's doing now or it's about what I can hook into there my computer's right there so uh i can charge it and uh the battery lasts a lot longer it's back with their breathtaking beauty a smell night scene landscape candle auto sports snow portrait Spotlight Beach By the way this guy only cost me 150 bucks And It's definitely going to work out how it should do Because it is The duo And when we get a duo Happening we have much more Than just one superhero I struggle on The force that overcomes the heavenly bodies And we thank the mighty joe with the food that we are about to be blessed with as we watch his magic unfold in front of our eyes yes let's do research on our mother she is under construction it's not charging i played around with the power settings at the club to try to get more to it but i reset them to the defaults and it's still not charging this is the same thing that happened with the other laptop and i thought it was just a coincidence but i think it's those settings um but i don't know how to fix it um because resetting it to the defaults didn't didn't work for it so now i got a laptop without power but i knew something like this is going to happen right after i finished everything

oh this changes absolutely everything but we're always ready we're always ready and uh ultimately I thought I was ready for something like this to happen. I knew it was going to happen. That's why I'm so itching to get all this footage out, because this footage is going to help me in my future productions. And I got a lot more gold, but I haven't released it, and I guess I can release that at any time, as long as I manage to stay alive. But

that doesn't matter what's needed to be released has been so far so let's see if we can do that you know roadblocks come in in our environment we got to figure out how to overcome them and Pluto has blessed me over over the last few months really with doubles of everything that I have almost everything so far that I used to be able to do all this but that's all in my locker and my locker it's Friday today and the place where my locker is is closed it's not gonna be open till Monday so I gotta wait till Monday to get that so I can become so I can be enabled again to continue what I'm doing on the internet so we got a whole weekend where I'm going to be disconnected from the internet entirely so and I live on the internet I don't have you know this is the life I live let me let me show you how to do it okay okay so what has happened with uni what's uni doing to me I haven't really recorded anything in relation to that matter but I want to tell you that I've been very actively involved with attempting to get the teachers to talk with me about these subjects and and unfortunately I haven't been able to read the readings I've only been able to keep up with the lectures which the lectures are really good but they're not talking to me they're ignoring me in everything and I'm trying to just talk about these subjects and they don't want to do that because i'm emotionally involved with these subjects uh so and and ultimately this right here this video was going to you and uh which is the teacher um to try to show you how you could help different types of people but you weren't interested in that at all um so you just ignored me and i was going to credit everybody um because there's just so many emails that were very important just being ignored. I was going to credit everybody and give everybody roles within the Iliad, but those roles spoke for themselves, and if anybody wants copies of these emails, then I'm happy to share those with you. But I won't include them in the production, but I want to tell you that I fought many battles, and I won many battles. um so so now we want to look at you know what is education and and uh what are we doing if we're not trying to educate uh our youth towards the things that you know are most relevant to their lives if we don't want to mentor them then really are we educating them at all um i'm trying to show each and every one of you how you can make your life like this so you can give an entertaining production and if you don't you know if you're upset with your life or whatever like I've been I don't really care I just do whatever so and if we more people do this then we'll see the revolution I'm talking about but but until then we're gonna have to work on this practical application thing and And it's going to take some time and we're going to feel like cutting across it so many times.

We're going to feel like just cutting across it. But for now, we're going to see what we can do about repairing it. We will repair our hut and replant our fallen flag.

Three trips around Troy, three days, and three nights. you will see exactly what I mean shortly now we get to the guts of the operation and everything's gonna pour out I'm gonna cut it open and and I'm gonna ask you simple questions and if you're supposed to be wise about these topics then I think you as my teachers should give me guidance and this is what I'm doing with my life and if you could just help me you know make best of what I have with my life instead of worrying about you know for one semester I asked for one semester I set up these units really close on with what I'm doing so I ask you you know ancient Greek ideas was what I did with Paul Paul and he's my teacher not talking to me hasn't sent a single email directly to me this whole semester and I've sent heaps to him. But all I need help with is understanding these ideas and hopefully being able to get methods to help me integrate these understandings and mythology into my psychology so I can interpret the world this way because this is the way that I want to interpret the world because this is what I want to do with my life. So I'm trying to figure out the best methods to fill in a lot of roles in the future.

The thing is that I want to learn how to teach philosophy through mythology. So that's my ultimate goal. So I'm a philosopher that teaches mythology and that's what I need to do. there's some of the arguments with theater and that really got to me that that went on really it really hasn't stopped really um but just been put into different ways so that's what I want help with Paul and that's my ancient Greek ideas unit so then we come to screen intro to screen and what I need to learn how to do best is connect or at least what i'm doing i'm a filter all i'm trying to do is stand out to certain people right and and if those certain people get connected quickly um then those are the people that i want to talk with and and i try to get my workout to get seen by as many people as possible um because all i need is you know 10 or 20 seconds um and if if they don't connect i i don't want to talk to them i um so that because i'm doing all this free like think about what i'm doing in the background um i'm playing a game but i should be able to do this um and it's a cool game and it's free and it teaches so much just to everybody um and if a of people played this game you know it could have a huge effect on on everything within our education system in the future so I'm just trying to be able to do that the best possible but but there's people out there that maybe don't realize that they're you know indoctrinated into their cultural understandings and then we teach it at university but people don't understand uh the practical side of it um unless you're alienated and that's what i do i mean i've been alienated my whole life so i studied about alienation um and that led me through a whole journey uh to teach about what i care about the most and um and what i care about the most isn't money so i'm not asking anything from anybody um so please help me work on my methods uh to be able to do different images aboard trails so i want to connect with as many people as possible but but i want to you know broadcast to as many people as possible so something that could be you know receptive at first and then and then those who who carry on um will be the ones that i want to speak to so help me uh help me do that with my screen um because i play around with a lot of different methods and ultimately I end up talking to the camera like this and they end up as lectures and stuff like that or and courses you know I put a lot of thought into everything I do like I'm awake most of the time so I'm thinking all the time and I'm thinking about how I can do this because this is what I do with my life okay so that is Martin, my intro to screen, and that's what I really hope you could help me with this semester, Martin.

And now my public media and audience, and this was really the ultimate unit because it was to find out who to be receptive to, and through our talks, it ended up getting me under disciplinary action, because I want to talk about these on a personal level, like this is my life, I do this with my life, so I'm not concerned about a professional level, it doesn't make sense with what I'm doing. So I want to talk about these subjects on a personal level, and to not be able to do that is really not cool, since that's the reason I'm here at university anyway. um and i know you're not going to watch all this so i mean i'm wasting my time anyway but um and that's this this is this is lauren who eventually got transferred to chris so i don't even know and i know neither of them are talking to me anymore so i don't know who i'm dealing with um but but what i do know um well i'm sorry well what what lauren or chris or what whoever wants to talk about these subjects who you know has the study behind them um the question with the media and audience um that i want to talk about is is i'm trying to connect with a very specific part in society and and that part is either into mythology passionately or um or could be into mythology passionately and like to get different portrayals, artistic portrayals of how that mythology relates to each and every individual's life. So I'm really not working for science here. I'm trying to open up the imagination and show how that imagination

uh really conditions reality because your existence will become whatever uh whatever you spend your conscious seconds on and if you if you really spend everything to to mold your life into uh these stories or even i mean your life kind of is these stories and to figure it's really a game to figure out how your life fits in with these stories um and and then do do the same thing that i'm doing i mean i'm just doing mythology stories uh reinterpreted in a different way um and really like to to find to find people that will end up uh filling in these roles really the the empty roles uh because i don't have anyone in my life and that's what i'm trying to find as a family uh and if if i found people that also you know associated with a lot of these roles on a deep level um and we like to do stupid stuff like i do you know um but stupid stuff is really good uh it's gonna win like all my stuff is gonna win lots of awards it's been done in a very short period of time and um and i've done most everything that i need to do to just uh really keep submitting films for a long time and and most of the main contents there and it's kind of just waiting for people to fill in to not and not care about money I mean this isn't about money this is this is about you know what what life you live and if we can if we can ask about what what life we live and even really question whether the life that that each every and every individual lives whether that is a good life or not um because because really look at the life that I live and and it is a divine tragedy because even though there's parts in it that's really so sad at the end of the day and and we're getting to the end of the day here I live in a beautiful world and I experience things that that people don't experience on a day-to-day basis whether I feel gracious enough to pull my camera out and and show you is a different story but so so and there's there's so many ways that I'm dysfunctional and it's obvious but but there's so many ways that you're dysfunctional too and and a lot of that is causing me to you know lived this existence that that you can't fathom as you know being real and I and people think I'm a troll and I guess I'm kind I'm kind of always getting inside community saying things that they don't like and then getting kicked out that's my whole life but I want to talk about these subjects and And mythology gives a platform that I think that, you know, the Kantian enlightenment could all come about because Kant's time didn't have this use of electronic portrayals. So that's what I'm trying to do. And I don't care about your grades. If you would just, you know, help me with this, look at what I do.

um and then you know give me direction on how i can do it better so that's all i ask from you murdoch i'm posting all this awesome footage online to everybody to use open source uh i mean there's a lot of shapes in all of this that's that's nature made mostly um so there's a lot of beautiful stuff that I capture on a day-to-day basis and integrating that into my work is is fairly easy because of the life that I live um so if you could just help me with these areas and ultimately I want to get a house like so I can put my stuff at least um it's been really hard living how I live I mean three it's been three years it's been two years really really hard um so if we can i mean help try to help me try to help me set myself up so i don't have to live like this in the future have to live like this i might choose to live like this in the future but but i don't want to have to do this i don't want to have to you know all this stuff this all this stuff that i have in here is like two trips somewhere so if i need to move and that's two trips like huge bags like you've seen some of the trips it's not good and and especially when i have to move far and then i always end up moving back because things turn out bad because i get in bad locations um it's just i'm trying to get myself out of this and look this whole thing's about homelessness anyway see i can control the exposure uh which is how much light is getting through the lens and that's what I've been doing throughout these productions but you can notice that the less light I let through the less that gets blurred and see we can make it really crisp and I can sort of take away and see it's going away and you see the perspective that I'm looking at will depend on what type of scene that I end up with so if we put the exposure so we'll walk around can't even turn the light on here and you see I'm getting different angles of the moon sweet Diana dear Artemis and you can see that that causes me to be able to see what is in front of it too because it's letting more light in and then I can see and that's still a good image each of these are still good images even though they're less realistic that's too much light through the lens it's over exposure but it's a it's still a cool shot still cool shot but we want to get something realistic then we gotta do something like that and I'm getting good with this camera to be able to play around with the lighting no matter what but unfortunately it always sucks at night and in the sky I had to get really close to that to get to get what I'm seeing but I could make the exposure go off a little bit more it's almost at the highest but that would help me see more because it let more light in but see then I can get you know a holer picture of Diana and then I can go back to this exposure which I missed there we go exposure and then I think that's where I can do it from the screen but let's let less light in so that's what she's looking like tonight you see I'm getting some details that I wasn't getting before so even though this is a cheap camera it's still not really a bad camera i mean it's still getting some pretty cool shots and all this stuff can be used uh in any way that you want and yeah that bouncing is kind of annoying sorry i only got this camera but you know from this angle and then if we uh we move around even Even though we can't see on this log, a big log in front of my tent, then we can get different scenes like put that in front of it, that's pretty cool. And see all of these is an image, so you're really using God's paintbrush here, but you just throw it in Photoshop and do whatever you want with it. The more you walk around this moon, the better perspectives you'll be able to see. And then we'll just turn it back to auto and see that's what auto does.

So auto is good for like an all around like just need to quickly shoot something. But if you have something specifically in mind to shoot, then it's a good idea to really know your camera well. And I'm not going to lie, you know, I started out with this not really knowing it that well. And over time I was able to figure out things through really experience.

But we live in a beautiful world and I'm not sure if the camera captured that but the lightning just happened. And if we figure out how to get at the right place at the right time at the right angle then we can get some really beautiful shots. then we can share those shots and do whatever we want with them and and you see like imagine with all these shapes that I get imagine all of the logos that you could be creating I mean I'm opening the path for a lot of graphic designers and and and other people other producer type type people to be able to do what they want and this is what I consider open-source education which is my My highest understanding of an education system.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



06-Song-of-Wend-Episode-05-Apollo-One

And we will taste home, even though secretly we are longing for little Debbie's. But you see, we don't get to carry the same time schedule as the rest of our fellow human brothers and sisters. Since I met her, I haven't had a good sleep. But it doesn't matter, because each and every night, even though I don't sleep good, I think about her.

there is no one in this world more worth thinking about than her and she will long for both safety and security and i will present myself to her as a tramp asking for water and i will see her heart and she will see mine she will see through the guys and realize that both safety and security come from the character and abilities in which the individuals around you possess and together we will form one nation under God with liberty and justice for all because we live in the real world no matter how much of a fantasy it feels like. I've spent my whole life studying and universities want nothing to do with me. Is there not something wrong with our education system here? Time after time I prove that I am absolutely brilliant yet my work still gets ignored and none of you want to talk about these subjects.

I'm doing something absolutely free, and you act like I'm doing something wrong? What is wrong with you?

That's because the issues that I deal with are personal. And you like to divide personal and professional.

But this in no way makes what I do any less academic than what you do.

I think you need to reflect on what Plato meant by an academy.

It's cold. Whose acting is more real? Mine or mainstream? Whose cinematography is more real?

Mine or mainstream? Whose stunts are more real? Mine or mainstream? Whose life is more real?

Mine or mainstream? Whose big brother is nicer, mine or Mainstream's? Who has the long term power, me or Mainstream? Who has the better education, me or Mainstream?

We got road works coming up here. Who is better prepared to educate your children using a safe and secure platform, me or Mainstream? Who is patient enough to wait out for the best results, me or Mainstream? Who has a better vision of the future of human existence, me or Mainstream?

Who cares more about the results of your child's education, me or Mainstream? Who can teach your children's bodies, minds, and hearts all for free?

Me or mainstream? Who can walk your children around the cube?

Me or mainstream? You shake your head and say that you understand, but you don't. because you're collectively wired to shoot any hearts on sight you will forever be remembered I will not go down without a fight and I was taught by the best but if you did manage to win any fights then I would still win the war even if I never released anything again because you world are too stupid to realize what I've done and that just means at looking at my material because there's some amazing things I've done and that's going down in history whether you realize it or not that's right Wendy we're dancing you remember this don't you and when we find our heart we keep on going around and around but slowly and and Shirley we eventually get closer to that center we'll always know where to meet look at their current role models and then seriously tell me that I'm not of better quality than they are something that you're gonna have to get used to world is that I am the leading audio visual mythology producer in the world and if you want to to say that I'm not then do your research and if you can prove to me that's true then I will apologize for making that statement but but I've been looking for my life and I found nothing so so look at what you're dealing with and stop being the idiots and let me do what I do I have never asked or received a single dollar from any one of you even though it probably would have done your heart some good to give me some money get a bit of charge before the day breaks and after circling the city I come to the bitter truth what am I to do what am I to do with this time right now what am I to do with the time that's going to be in a little bit what am i to do with the time after that what have i done with the time that is in my past and i can't say that i wasted anything because i'm always doing many things at the same time like reading audiobooks and walking and tracking food and things like that um but the end of the day here is that uh i'm homeless i don't got anywhere to go to i don't got anything to do i mean i don't care about your university i mean you guys aren't even helping me with the topic so why would i even care to i mean i got a book in my bag but should i read that book i mean you guys aren't even talking to me what what's the point like seriously what's the point when you don't care within your education system um is that how you motivate your students um and i'm a much better studier than anybody that any one of you has come across and and and if you say differently then challenge me do it pull up in front of me put them in front of me and i will show you how to study i'll show you how to be a student and i was going to uh go down here but I know throughout there there's a lot of homeless people that live there and I don't really want to get robbed I was going to watch the Sun set it will come up over here and then they would go over to the heart which the hearts down there I guess we'll go there who cares if I get robbed I just wanted a family is that too much to ask a family what's the key what's the key what is the key that will unlock me to be able to obtain a family and the family I need the family my type of psychology would get along with what's the key what's the key what's the key what's the key if I find my girl if I find my my one everything my life spent for her everywhere I've gone If I find her, if I find her, then she would have a family. And it would be most likely that she would have a good family that would adopt me into their family.

This is why I do everything I do.

Find the girl, find the family. Find the girl, find the family. Find the girl, find the family. Find the flag.

Find the girl, find the family. find the flag find the crown induce world peace with my lover heart of Australia and out to the entire internet enabled world let's chase the rainbows this is Canberra's theater let's act always different angles we will dance the night away with our God-given magic it's pretty awesome get some food Oh Thebus Apollo the way to the father is always through the Sun hail the Sun rising he has risen now let us sing praises of his name for he is bright be with me dear Paula for I can do anything in you I can sleep in garbage bags for when you are behind me I can spend my life chasing my dream girl to the ends of the earth to the ends of the earth and there's nothing that society can do about it i'm coming debbie to save you from this rotten world rejected i just had a direct encounter with the world's deadliest snake it's the brown snake it was like right in front of my feet here it was going kind of slow it was just taking its path it was like right in front of my feet there and i stopped when i saw it because it was coming kind of fast but it was on the path and it didn't care about me it just went right past and right into the bush um it sort of slowed down i got interested like right on the side in me and started to slow down to look at me and uh and when i went to reach for my camera it got scared away because it was in my back and it was in here eventually there'll be a device that will be like so closely connected to you whenever you want to to record uh you can record so that maybe be connected to a shirt or something like that and uh how awesome would that be being able to just record anything that's in our vision you know but with a pen or something like that but make it good quality you know at least the quality that you're getting now with this um and then every time you want to uh activate it it'll probably work on the neurological impulses in your brain or something that would do something crazy like that but uh it'd be cool one day there will be a device that does everything that is so closely connected to you that you have no other choice than to get off your lazy butt and and live a life i made myself this way to fuck you around and all the hard topics in my psychology that I struggle to handle alone I get forced to and the only way that I can talk out these subjects is using this method of portrayal and even though I'm the only one listening on the other side I am my best psychologist because I always study my work and there's alienation proven directly to you by your own actions because there's someone that is in need of help and asking of that help sincerely from you and you ignore everything they say. And you're teaching me these subjects about alienation and you have been over the last 10 years, almost 11 years now. And we'll get to that in day two.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



06-Song-of-Wend-Episode-06-X-Men-Duos

Stagnant water dies, but Father Jove gives us one day of rest

From our mother delivered to us from Vulcan himself But we must now polish it off from all of the soot from the failed suitors do not stop fighting even during bladder wounds We have to be cold and wet for a few hours hours of our place of worship with the reinforced armor so now it's time to recount my experience at Murdoch and I'll try to do this quickly just to give a general overview but all throughout struggles um but I entered through the uni access program because I didn't do TE and I was in but the only way I got into it was was showing unfortunate disadvantaged circumstances but the thing is that these didn't ever change so everything just got worse so it wasn't that it happened in the past it was happening and it was all continued to happen and it ended up me living the life that you see before you um so okay i got in at 2002 you know and i uh and i did well in the bridging program um and and then i started to struggle straight away i started to struggle and i didn't know why i couldn't learn like you wanted me to learn but I was still really eager to learn so I ended up learning how to learn myself but it didn't conform to your ways of learning and in since 2003 I started asking for for for electronic formats of my books and and and you wouldn't give them to me and I needed them because I needed to convert them to text so I could integrate the your schooling system into my life but but every step of the way and and my life was all about personal like the personal professional thing I mean these don't exist you create them and there's only one life that each individual lives and then you divide that and when all the topics that I want to learn about are in the spectrum of personal what you consider personal um that's been bad and you can see all throughout um i mean i sent you so many emails all throughout my studies where i wasn't getting along with teachers because i couldn't give them what i what they wanted um but the thing is did i really learn these topics worse than everybody else i mean i'm a slow learner but but because i have to ingrain these topics in my psychology and i can't understand the bigger picture unless i understand all the details So, I mean, the best way for me to study would be just to read all your material and think about it for a while. And then you give me assignments. I mean, that would be ultimately the best way for me to learn. But I know you're not going to do, you know, what's good for students.

And that's what this is all about. Patroclus, you killed Patroclus. And Patroclus had so much potential to become so much in life. And Patroclus is the young student that you don't enable to be able to learn how they need to learn.

And like how many students, like what's on your conscious or whenever you die, the question that you're going to have to answer in judgment day to all teachers um is how many students have you turned away that were really in need of some good help and and i'm not talking like you you send people like me to psychologists and stuff like that but but that's not what we need like uh we were trying to educate ourselves and and having someone to listen about our problems isn't isn't an education method uh fixing our problems then that would be uh much much better um so so why do you do this why does a student come to you like in need who who really longs for these subjects but in a different way that you do and and you don't like them so what you ignore them and and you're horrible to them and you alienate them i mean i got proof of all of this uh so this is what you do murdoch and this is um and i keep saying this is what you teach to um so so there's no practical wisdom in in the understandings that that you give and i know i'm saying murdoch but this is the way our schooling system functions um if you don't fit into uh the you know the status quo um then then you're cast out of it and uh and then you have no place to go and and everywhere that people put you um it's all professional which means that they don't want any personal interactions uh so so that means that what you someone who has you know nobody in their life you're going to uh send off to other people who are going to analyze these people and offer them nothing you know to help them get people in their life like you need people to have people in your life and and if you keep passing the buck around which is you know why do you why do I end up where I end up because I thought all you all the systems that we create without you know without heart that's all they can do is they can pass the buck on because dear ivory this is how a mortal gets in to olympus what happened here i'm about to hit day three of the iliad production that i'm doing song of wind and uh and apollo here called me where i'm standing right now he told me to come here and check it out and i thought it was going to be a snake i thought it was going to be a snake um because yesterday i came in direct contact with uh with a brown snake and i was hoping i could do the same again today except this time be faster with my camera um but that's not what's happened uh but i still found a snake i think and i'm gonna stay in this area until um i get a better idea about what actually happened here because uh people that end up like this is is where my heart is the sun is always pointing exactly where you should go i must say that walk up there tell you that that wasn't planned or anything i was just showing you that i was doing a big a big jump and that was over there that was on the other side we can see this too over here but already see that's where that that was taken um but it seems like an odd area and and I've only been around one side so we'll keep checking it out population tire how is that for a gradient tile this image I know it's a bit blurry all right so let's put some pieces together we have a tent here and if you look see that's where it starts that means that this whole area where all this overgrowth is was where the tent is that's been you know quite some time and not only that over here we have some trees falling and don't know if this was by force or not but we can see that probably by force probably looking for gold or something and that one of these trees there's two trees here and this one right here well looks like it might have fell over the tent and because it's much older you see it's much older than uh then all this growth around or the tent was already down before it fell but there's like under this there's like a whole platform no I guess you could probably find a lot of stuff that's probably a lot of it was important to this guy or it maybe looks like I don't see any valuables and that's probably because it's been a long time but seriously who leaves their stuff like this I mean you got bags I mean this they're old there's there's not anything in there but they're all dry rotted and you can't even open them properly so how do you how are you gonna know and most of stuff has been spread out looks like it's taken by a lot of animals and and probably torn apart and taken for everything it has and I'm sure there'll be a few other people who would stumble upon a place like this before but we got a lot of clothes here and we got you know a lot who really leaves their stuff like this um that's the question that we need to ask all right so these are really old so these things uh are in you know really good condition for being so old so that means when they had on they would have been a really really good condition and uh and who leaves a pair of shoes like that out here aries is in the air how can we wash our souls what source of fuel will we use to burn our enemies what coffee and spices will the future of human existence provide its outcasts what cutlery will we use what ammunition will we use against our oppressors let's see what we can cook up let's see how big we can build our mound aka our colony the more time that i spend sweeping and excavating this site the more things i find that i don't want to find and i keep going apollo there's something you know of importance here that you want me to find and uh and going that's not it that's not it that's not it because it's all junk um but i think at the end of the day uh apollo showed us very well that uh you know this this one one one man's treasure is is another man's trash and uh and we found so many basic necessities on this site and that someone just wouldn't leave um so i feel really bad for what what could have happened here and even if he got through whoever it was or uh then i still feel bad um because because they had to go through that and you know going through crap like this is traumatic and will change a person don't never be the same uh so it makes me very sad to uh see this um so apollo did end up uh showing us the light we just had to we just had to get in the right perspective but all of Apollo's gifts no matter how seemingly insignificant his treasure it's time to go home a different way I've never been like I do a lot mean you any harm big who you're paying this is big see how the backgrounds clear but the I can change that I forgot my torch but I trust in the Sun because we know exactly where we're going we're going down and now everybody knows is anybody out there we're searching how often do we get the chance to flip the shadows to find the perfect spot all we have to do is follow the light and we find it we get used to our camera and play with its settings and we do this while we're capturing these moments so everybody that's watching can get a feel for how cameras work by changing the exposure right now but there's focus settings and there's a lot of other things and eventually no one will have an excuse um because uh these things are going to be so portable um if you don't if you're not doing stuff like this then uh then do you not live an interesting life i'm sorry to say that that's the sad fact i mean it like are you so selfish that you don't want to share your life with others it's one or the other one or the other there's a lot of beautiful stuff in this world and you know if we could just share it uh this could really take over art because it's so easy just want to select something you know you take an image and select something select an area every time i'll show you everything everything that i know i mean i'm sure there's a lot of people that could see at the beginning i had some pretty shoddy uh camera work uh pretty amateur but it's getting way better um and that's because i gotta get used to my equipment and i don't want take it off auto until until I know how it's going what it's going to do and the way to really best tell that is the to use it for a while and then you know as you're doing stuff with it what you need that's the way I use all equipment and we still have got some time let's see if we can show you out of existence back into existence look at the heart look at the heart see if we can you know move around just a little bit and it changes everything i got 26 minutes left on this camera uh so i'm gonna save it until it's down but it is beautiful i hope i don't lose battery i don't even have a light to get back 24 minutes and Diana will always be just around the corner and tomorrow Apollo will rise again to save the world the son of God is coming back tomorrow and man hear me roar these are the heights of mankind you know open source means it's That's what it means. Was the fate of Sisyphus really so bad? Three minutes, two minutes, we're almost dead.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



06-Song-of-Wend-Episode-07-Horsiii

I'm coming for you, Hector, to avenge all the curious students that you oppressed. This is life stage. Have I underlined it enough for you? I will avenge your death, Patroclus.

That is every student that you, my teachers, have failed to empower to become awesome people. For they will know the answer and the question before they go down and fade into the house of Hades. for their judgment day you're mine hector and i will feed your body to the dogs you cut the throats of our stars strip them of their armor and then prance around in it like the bitch that you are i'm here to show you how the people who experience the problems that they study are much more equipped to help other people who also suffer them. The war cry of Venus is not an easy one to ignore.

And Apollo will always be standing behind us, no matter what side of the globe we are on.

My sword is my tongue, and Minerva speaks through my heart, to my mind, and out through Pandora's box. what is freedom what is wrong with you all you keep telling me that oh we already have free media yeah not a single one of us can copy it or edit it without you know approved authorization which usually is wrapped up in licensing licensing and and different corporate powers so don't you think there's a problem why can't you take any media that you want and use it in how and whatever manner that you want uh you can now with me what i'm doing i'm doing it all um and you can take this and do whatever the crap you want with it um and that's how we free speech and that's how we free society uh because if everybody does this then we're not going to uh have to worry like do you not realize how much licensing holds us back uh there are so many things that we don't do as a society because it's against our licensing let's let's let's destroy all licensing let's destroy the systems that hold us back Poseidon joins the war as we make our way to our heart and our army is right on time can you feel it in the air victory will be sweet because our children are the future and if you can't help the ones that even emotionally struggle so that minority the ones marginalized then you have nothing that resembles an education system and the war will go on for 10 years and we will carefully look at the equation from all sides of the spectrum and we will train very very hard for what seems a lifetime and when the time is right Mars will come out to play. And Hermes will be here to deliver us the message of victory. But Hera will also be here to abuse us for something that either we or our ancestors did that we considered to be virtuous. And Demeter will also join us with her beauty and flourishment. And Ares will not forget

the fight for we are now amongst the training and even though diana will not make an appearance her reflection will and vulcan's handiwork will not remain unappreciated and dionysus will reveal the heart of our country scamander will remain calm because the bloodshed is of an allegorical nature. Diana will taunt all of our enemies. Hestia will provide for our needs. And almighty ages bearing Jove will not forget us. Let me show you what valor is. What does this

mean without this? It means a dark shadow drapes over our flag. Is this the government that you want protecting us if we get attacked as a nation seriously are you not thinking our soldiers march our soldiers march to the gates and we make our way in even our disabled will fight and trust me they'll keep coming what does it mean to be honorable i'll show you because our ships will keep coming paris will pay for his sin for no man is fit to make judgments on the gods you're going down hector but guess what he doesn't show up because he's already been killed thousands and thousands of years ago is there any heroes out there that hasn't in them to take me on you know what i'm saying is true do it if you can't help your people legalize assisted suicide this is our interpretation of our prime minister yeah she still sits in power yeah we're so smart go humanity we should not coddle our children from subjects like these these are most important to their life we're coming it's time let's fly we're done stretching and the first will go in and we will have battle after battle but we will always win because what they think that we want couldn't be further from the truth and they have no way of being able to provide what thinking individual's needs are. Let's see if we can unlock the hearts. I found the keyhole and I found the

key and I have a spare. Let's go Mars. For Plato was all too wise when he said that every action taken in wisdom will end with good results. Capital circle this road should be renamed freedom circle because that is the line where freedom of speech is cut off so as long as you're behind that line then you can convey messages but once you pass that line then you're not allowed to convey any messages at all so what is it that we're doing if we can't even listen to our people uh you know trying to get you know one single message across to our politicians uh like if we're really a democracy uh then then why can we not convey our own voices uh to to our government and and i've been trying to do this uh for a very very long time many many years so what the crap are we doing one or the other one are the other this is our crown but this crown has no head to go on let's cross freedom line these are the champions these are the champions these are the champions to the world this time let's be spies and work with Scamander we've already penetrated Troy now let's sack it more ships come in pack goes on head shoes go on feet let's go in it's only a matter of time all about a shop let's go shopping for images let's sweep the city for the angels are with us. Are these wise actions? Let's lead the way through our actions. What

environment will we live in? You know our children are gonna be taking over soon. What are you gonna leave them? The answer to that question will determine how they treat you when you are old and frail. At least I'll have something to leave them. Open source

footage that's what the world needs let us re crown the queen I'll obtain her but right now the elevator to the top is too dangerous but we will come back later when the roads are paved my voice is coming back let's broadcast it using the heights of human existence you're in we'll turn you later have we lost the ability to understand representations maybe we never had it and we will always leave our mark we will come back to add one thing to it thank you gods for making me as close to an immortal as is humanly possible ten days to mourn your beloved systems I'm an individual I'm not any collective entity why are we locking them up thank you goddess more ships they'll finish stacking it for me let's fill it back up did you like my story Debbie we can spend the rest of our lives making them together the next one's gonna be a good one gonna be a big one gonna be probably gonna be the biggest I've ever done so look out for that because it's an odyssey by the way I just wanted to say it's impossible to share any message with anybody at the Parliament House you can't just walk in say I got one thing to say even if your whole whole life's been trying to say it um they they don't want to listen they don't care they send you to someone and I've already contacted that person and they don't contact you back so like this is this is our nation this is a this is how how much of a democracy we really have this is how much input uh the citizens that get affected by the social issues that that uh they inflict um this is this is how they treat them by not letting you uh get in contact with anybody and then i'll keep you busy for a lifetime i left on camera i have never ran out of battery when i needed it most okay so here's what happened uh when you do when you change that setting right there um on these aspire laptops um and when you plug it into the power source um after you've change that setting then it blows this thing. But you reset it and it won't blow anymore so I changed that to 4% and it did that. On this one I changed it from 7% to 6% so they had different default settings but when you change that it kills this thing and I'm not going to get frustrated at this thing like I did with the last one and do something that I'll regret. because this is just what happens this is life but but now I'm all back up and running when I plug that thing in nothing happens to either laptop but you can see that's charging right now and if I plug it into the other one then yeah that's charging too so oh that's uh everything that's happened and we'll get this production going, working, producing, which is going to take a long time because I got to go back ages, like Valentine's Day, I got to go back like Valentine's Day and collect all the footage because there's been so many sub journeys since I started uni and And this main journey has just been in between a whole bunch of journeys, and I'm so exhausted.

I'm so exhausted. I still got one more, but this one will be fine. But after I get these batteries charged, it'll take a while because I got three of them, and one of them was a big one. But I'll go between here and a few other spots to get power.

and then I'll go back and start doing what I always do and we'll see where life takes us but right now I'm just so exhausted. Philosophy is under construction. Here is our new builder. I've just been getting slammed on prank calls so uh yeah prank call after prank call after prank call sometimes I'll get little and and one last night I got a sort of thing and but but they're coming from both people and electronic devices and not only that I'm getting heaps of really harsh comments around the board if I got at least one stalker at least one stalker who just stalks to flame me and it looks like I might have a lot more so this might be one person's you know bandetta I don't know but it looks like it looks like a lot more or a few more or maybe friends of that person or so I don't know but that's not cool I mean that's getting in the way of my day-to-day life all i do is give you material i'm not doing anything wrong i'm not hurting anybody in this world i mean for goodness sakes i'm not really even communicating with anybody in this world my day-to-day life is spent in front of a camera making stories up in my head and then and then trying to film them for you so i can entertain you and really ultimately looking for for my other have and um and that's not doing anything wrong so like why are you doing this to me um i just give you stuff and it's all open source like every single image here you can use for anything and you can bring these in photoshop and you can uh and you can do whatever you want with them um you can use them for your own stories or you can uh mix them up or put them in a music video or something like that i'm not in every shot i'm in very few shots um so and not just that's the sounds i mean listen to our environment um you know i think very hard about what environments i'm going to shoot in and what sounds they're going to end up getting and then what you can um utilize those sounds to make beautiful music and that's what i want the reason why i haven't done anything music wise is because I want to get into a very specific style and I want to make my own. I want to

be able to collect all the best sounds that I record and then be able to make really awesome music out of it. So that's going to take me a long time to be able to get that good really. I've got to practice. I've got to work really hard so I can give you good quality music content, too.

I want to spend my life giving you everything.

So, why are you doing this? I mean, I've always gotten death threats, and I'm continuing to get death threats. And I get lots of people not liking me, and I get lots of people ignoring me. Like, in my life, you know, there's two different things.

There's the internet life, and then there's my life. In my life, I just sweep it under the rug. I count it as collective damage and do everything on the Internet. The Internet is where I exist.

And this is just the... Well, really, the Internet is a representation of my own life. um and and i try my best to exist on it because i can't exist how i want to here and because that's because i don't have the people i don't have the right people to uh to to do the stuff that i like to do around me and that's what all this is about this is what i'm trying to do um so you know i'm a homeless guy that's really wanting to get a place so he can put his stuff and then so he can travel around the world to continue to give you awesome footage so then he can find his soulmate and then spend the rest of his life with her telling you awesome stories like continuing to do that in all different types of mythology I mean we got so much I've already covered so much but there's so much more I mean we could be doing it I could spend my life you know doing what my heart loves which is mythology and I'm doing it well I mean the interpretations are there you're you can you can learn how it works in relation to one's life so and so all the people that you know I interacted with my in in my day-to-day life really is I'm trying to just pull strings I'm trying to manipulate my environment to get in a better place then I am now get somewhere where i can be happier and still do what i'm doing now and um and i try to you know uh so so i'm constantly battling systems because systems want me to do something a certain way and and really i you know i i threaten a lot uh saying you know i'm a documentary filmmaker and and i'll i'll release your name i'll expose you or whatever um and and that's my method but i rarely release the the people's names unless they were really in it and are they volunteered to to do it um but but i still try and and i'm i might one day you know i mean if it's that important to me i might release the people involved um but there's just so much that's going on in my life i'm trying to get on priority in housing so i can get you know considered for a house and you know i've been the camera so long and my feet are so itching. And if I got a house, a unit, a one bedroom flat, then I could go off wandering and not worry about where my stuff is. I'm just a

guy trying to live with his own psychology. I've been dealt this hand. Please don't treat me like this. I'm just giving you stuff. And if you have a problem with me giving you stuff,

then please don't don't watch my stuff i mean i'm not forcing you to watch this but i just got really awesome footage and i guess all my productions do but but it's so it's so amazing like everything that happened was just bang see the stories write themselves once you understand uh how the stories work when you walk into a situation um and you've been contemplating this situation for a long time um which is really reflection human reflection uh then we can you know understand that situation better um and understand what we're there to do and um and you know that makes us that that really builds character um so if i go to a place with a mission um and this mission has a very uh long um background story to it um and then i carry out that mission and then i come out you know with exceeding my expectations from when i went in um you know i that's a good job that's a good job and whether you like it or not i don't care some people will um and it's mythology it's i mean it's the first type of this thing that's ever been done with mythology and and it's going you know once once the mythology lovers out there um get connected enough with the internet and know this sort of stuff's available um we're gonna see a lot more people interested in this stuff so please please leave me alone or i mean if you don't want to leave me alone then be a friend of mine get involved with my life um uh don't don't stalk me don't don't threaten me don't you know or do or do it all because i tell you in in my work that you're going to do it anyway so you're going to do what you're going to do and i got to do what i do because this is what i was told to do and because um by me you know making a fool of myself on the stage of life but but going through all the the hardships that oppression incurs and then showing you uh proof of what i'm talking about i mean that's that's what that's what this is and that's what's going to get me through my life and um and and you know what if you if you don't like me then then screw you because i don't care and i'll look at i just got this i just earned this so i earned it again it's the second time i've used it uh but but the thing is i said i had to give it to someone else and i so i packed it away and then i gave it to me um but but it'll get to someone else eventually um it was it was there was one person that was supposed to get it but they didn't end up getting it but but everything Everything always happens for a reason and things that are supposed to go away end up coming back sometimes when you really need them most. So please be nice or be mean or be whatever because it's all not going to matter soon because eventually there's going to be this little electronic device that will make what i'm doing very very very easy like extremely easy and then when you can't do it yourself um and there's all these people around you that are doing it and you're gonna question about how interesting your own life is and and you're gonna have to live with the fact that you're a very boring person um so that's what this is for and that is what this is for and now i will turn you off that was just now um that's not oh here we go just come again so yeah see this this stuff just keeps happening stuff like this but it uses all different things sometimes you get people i mean i see there you got someone talking say i was served is that right okay well you're on camera stalker is that funny is it funny to be on camera is it funny to know that uh that the world's gonna know you're a dickhead you don't know how to speak english you're not intelligent enough why are you stalking how long have you been a stalker has everything been you are you one person no there we go yeah see i keep getting that why are you stalking why are you stalking can you not make an interesting enough life for yourself you have to stalk people is that like the only way you can get your your entertainment are you lonely you're not lonely then why are you calling someone which number you got on youtube you want to talk about anything i mean you got me on the line this is the real date i'll show you what else i got this uh i was not connected up there look i spend my life trying to help people with psychological problems and in In order for you to keep on be doing this, you have psychological problems. So is there anything that I can talk to you about and help you with?

Sorry? Could you repeat that?

Please love you. Who are you? I don't know who you are. You're an unknown number.

And you're stalking me. Like, you don't get people to love you by stalking them. If you want to talk to me about an issue, I'm happy to talk to you, but don't stalk me.

Okay, so you're using the voice the voice the text-to-speech thing and you want to talk to me and kiss me

Okay, so you're you're a sexually repressed male. That's stalking an eccentric homeless guy that makes videos and You will have attractions towards him even in the weird misplaced ones and and you stalk him is that right okay um you know i've only ever been with one person in my whole life uh so and i'm asexual and you would have known that from my work uh so you don't know what you're talking about you need to go maybe to a bar a gay bar i i have i have gay friends who go to gay bars and i even have a friend that is a crossdresser and he wanted a comp but you need to go to places like that you don't need to stalk people you shouldn't be calling random people on the internet um who aren't sexually inclined at all actually um to try to be what some fantasy that you have so you need to get yourself into one of those gay bars do that okay so you're probably a child you're probably a kid you're probably maybe 14 yeah maybe older maybe 14 to 18 i don't know i've seen some 18 year olds who are pretty immature too and you're making a prank phone call and someone who a homeless guy who who released a video about homelessness that had a number on it that was me you're going about it the wrong way dude this is what okay so now you're not just a stalker but you're also a sexual predator so no matter how old you are you are a sexual predator and a stalker i love all of human existence and all throughout my work i give everything for free to the entire world um so you are my brother in human nature and all the problems that are in your head i care about um so yes i do love you um but i have no sexual feelings towards anyone um and you would have known that if you if you viewed any of my work besides a few videos you know i'm not going to play this game with you i'm trying to help you i'm really trying to help you and if i can't help you then um you know what Like, I can't have you keep on pranking me, so that means I'm going to have to have all these conversations.

They're already recorded, so I can report it to the police, and I can get my telco provider to... What'd you say? How are you trying to help me?

You are too. You wouldn't be contacting me. You wouldn't be doing this if you weren't.

You're lying. you can keep denying it but the truth's that i never kissed you oh see you're just playing the fool you're you're saying that you're trying to help me and then you're you're doing stupid stuff like that like seriously um and what do you think a seven minute conversation being held over time you got to work for my mind i worked my ass off my whole life for my mind and i teach everybody how to have my mind do you want to talk about something you know that i get why you're calling me or whatever you know something important are you just going to say crap like that like i don't have any care about those words because i'm not inclined like that so uh are we going to just dilly dally are we going to actually talk about you know human meaning i'll help you if i can no i'm not inclined like that i keep telling you but if you want to talk about a subject that's important to you that isn't about sex or any type of sexual activity then i would be happy to to do that but you can't just keep doing this that's not the way it works i don't even know who you are you're just some creepy person who's who's calling me using a text-to-speech thing um that's not how it works like i don't even know who you are so no we can't chat tomorrow and if you do that then the police are going to get involved so you can't say that again it's ice i'm sorry i got birds all around me you can hear them probably spike i'm sorry i didn't get uh just talk if we don't if we can't talk then i'm gonna hang up now and we've been talking for 10 minutes and that's more than enough time to have this traced so if you keep on contacting me like this then uh then i'll get the cops involved and and whoever you are you'll get found out um so please either talk to me like a normal person or uh or sorry you're gonna get in trouble if you keep contacting me okay see you later that's so weird okay i'm gonna hang up now bye fuck my life i'm standing here on the internet broadcasting to everyone from the tower it's over there you can't see it right now but um you know saying we we should be friends if you're cool and uh and then i'm getting people that are going about it this you know i'm i'm standing here you know with open arms you know wanting to talk to anybody that wants to talk uh and you see this like seriously come on think oh so sad so sad that uh he's talking about racism and he's being racist here and he doesn't even see it you see people just can't see it they just can't see it they just don't get it if they actually watched my work they would get it but they can't keep an attention span how do you educate people who society is conditioned to be stupid people just can't understand at all at all it's just sad it's like right there it's right there but they can't they can't push their conscious seconds to to see it just damn can't see you can't see you can't see the best people to resolve it are the people that go through it can't see you can't see I'm starting to get to some nasty emails so and I don't want to show you those because you gotta go through this all the time and and it gets bad it gets bad it is a skill placing yourself at the right place at the right time it's taking me a life to do it but now I can if there is an individual who is stalking someone then that stalker has psychological issues and I don't care if you think it's a joke or something like that and funny there's there's some problems in your psychology that are unresolved and you need help fixing them I get calls all throughout the day of pranks and it sounds like different people uh i don't think it's just one person so you know what am i going to do to deal with it and it's like well you know i could take it to the cops but but if you got problems you know look at the content of of everything i do it's it's revolved around our problems in our psychology and how we can can uh direct those towards healthy manifestations so better things um so if you have a problem like that you have to if you stalk someone you got a problem there's my presence with the presence alone gives me everything i could wish for gives me kisses all my parents are blocked



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



06-Song-of-Wend-Episode-08-Dianas-Endymion

tonight and fight the break of dawn come tomorrow tomorrow I'll be gone save tonight and fight the break of dawn come tomorrow tomorrow I'll be gone tomorrow comes to take me away I wish that that i could say oh yeah you know i wish it wasn't so so save tonight and fight the break of dawn come tomorrow tomorrow i'll be gone save tonight and fight the break of dawn come tomorrow tomorrow i'll be gone so much has been happening and uh production after production after production not getting any breaks here uh but tonight this girl right here diana dear artemis she's uh she's telling me to sing for her so i'm gonna play as endemion tonight like i am and uh and give her the beautiful tunes that that i have to show uh that i have to share with her uh she's so beautiful she's so beautiful and i know this this exposure thing it takes ages to change the exposure it's not a good camera does it has easy manual settings um so we'll be getting lots of different types of shots with her tonight i was going to show you how to save the night uh what diana thinks that is or what considers that or at least what i understand her to consider that um but but those were the only two ones i found out i was going to just go around the universities finding lots of them but those those are only two ones so let's see if we can uh can demonstrate this in a different way come tomorrow tomorrow I'll be gone tomorrow I'll be gone tomorrow I'll be gone tomorrow I'll be gone money money any dicks on the dance floor too many dicks too many dicks on the dance floor too many dicks too many dicks on the dance floor too many dicks too many dicks on the dance floor how do you play the liar called a camera when your camera's not even good enough to uh capture what's in front of it all right so how to get this right here the closest to how i see it because i can turn off the light and actually see more with the camera um than i can with my eyes so now i'm going to try to make this moon how i see it this one's probably the closest right here i can see the rays around it though which way is more beautiful it's kind of cool this way i'm gonna have footage of all around the moon and all around the sun i'm gonna have footage of everything if i ever get a camera that can do stars um that'd be cool she's crappy this thing i wish i had i i wish i could just adjust it with my fingers so that's what i want to see that's not what i want to see see it like coordinating what i see because this doesn't see the dark very well so i don't know where i'm looking a lot of times there we go even if i put this on a tripod when i zoom in it'll still go like that but uh it's just it's a really good zoom though um if it only was that a little bit better about shaking it'd be cool um but yeah i'm working with what i have i'm gonna turn it back to auto see here's auto and a lot that's a lot more light in but see it screws up stuff like that i mean it still looks cool still cool image but it screws the image up always be fine as long as we follow the moonlight you know if you sound stupid you can just distort it and make it sound awesome slow it down speed it up play around with it

and you can just change the lens like play around with how it looks like Vegas or some other program like whatever program you want you can just like make me a shadow or something like that I try to do my hair like that for you so you got like a wolfman there or I don't know like see how it turns out I didn't I didn't get the good angles that I wanted but because my camera's not good enough to capture it I can't see anything in the dark but you got silhouettes there to work with you can make them into silhouettes and that's what we're really doing is the moon is the silhouette of the Sun so let's worship our God and learn what mythology really is I probably could have made better poses too but I probably be doing this a lot so so we'll get better stuff and better angles and I mean if I get better equipment I'll redo stuff like that. I know I said I could shoot it again and I know you every every month like when your life revolves around what's important then then you can know these things you can be aware of them and not just that mean like I follow these things these representations I follow them every day they're they're very active in my life um and they give me all the emotional support that i need to continue doing what i'm doing look at that image p see i know probably the quality that you end up with they're a little bit what's interlice is that the right word i'm not sure if that's the right word but but it's not like i don't know back to the equipment problem but but it's cool because i still I still get I mean look what I get photoshopped that guy and if you if you don't get a perfect image you can further I mean you can easily make it really good with Photoshop and see where my manual this light thing doesn't work we feast when Diana's around She's full. Yay. Yay. We're celebrating. Celebrating. Celebrations of Artemis, the huntress of the valley. Yay. It's Diana. Diana. Go girl. Go girl. Go girl. You're a virgin. You'll always be a virgin. You're a virgin. Always be a virgin.

Although you want to give it to me. Although you want to give it to me. But you're a virgin. You're a virgin.

You're a goddess virgin that wants to give it to me but can't give it to me. Because you have to be a virgin. Because you're a good girl. You're a good girl.

You're a huntress. You're a huntress. You are ruler of the valleys. You are ruler of really people.

Diana, you go girl. you know what you want and you take it you take someone like me this is what you end up with this is the productions that you end up with so right after you go over me at just after 12 after I held at the moon and I'll do it again Again, probably, again and again, because this is the warrior that Diana has made me. And Diana is only one aspect of many, she's part of the many, but of the same thing. All the gods are just representations of the same thing.

If we can just understand these representations, instead of indoctrinating these understandings into our children, and I don't care about everybody else, it'll pass if we just stop with our children. then they can be the ones to make a better future because they can understand that no it doesn't necessarily mean that these are representations what is a god what is a god what is a god what is a god what is a god what is a god what is a god what is a demigod was a demigod am i a demigod Am I a demigod? Am I a demigod? Am I? Am I?

I'm the best that I can be. Does that make me perfect? I mess up all the time. I screw up all the time.

I'm a screw up of a person. But the thing is, is that I'm always the best that I can be. And I always get better. And I learn from the stupid stuff I do.

And I like doing stupid stuff and catching it on camera. I love doing it. I love doing it. I love doing it.

and and I gotta do it I gotta do it because the one that I gotta be with wants to do it too wants to do it too and she wants to be not I mean not like me my reflection she wants she needs Diana she needs she needs to be the the other other version I can't remember her name oh later but then Callisto and then Pan oh no I don't know how to relate to some sort of some of those stories I'm still thinking still thinking because so many stories in my head so many stories so many stories that relate to so many different things in life like every single item I don't have many items I got hardly anything but like it's so important is things like awesome and and not things like awesome but the thing is these things go out of my life and it doesn't matter because the other things that are awesome make make it all right and then it's like what do you have what's what what's the possessions like i got this why do i have this like and if we look at background conditions like we can see like why do i have that okay okay okay that's why i got that and that milk oh i can make some coffee like it's not it's not warm but yeah i can do that and yeah i got that that helps feed my habit um and i need that that's what that's my medication that's my medication oh I need it I need it but but I don't think I need it if if I found the right person because I do it because I'm lonely I'm so lonely if I had you know people to communicate with I don't think I would need it or at least less often and I mean I don't have much I mean how did I get this this I'll tell you how I got this like I didn't say anything at the camera 100 but I was asking where water was from from these guys and uh and they pointed me the right direction and they ended up like asking questions that got them to know that I was homeless so they gave me this they gave me that it's like I get prizes I got you know I got the coffee mug to a philosopher uh the the matching coffee mug to a philosopher um uh at the department in the A&U but I'm just I'm a spy there like I don't fit in no one knows me I'm just I'm just there to take power and a shower and have a beautiful place to hang out and and do my work and then it's cool because they don't say anything and I don't say anything and so the stuff you have you know I'm entirely open about all this stuff now like I used to you know not okay why do I live this way this is how live I got so okay well I got you know a towel here so I mean it's kind of damp it's a little bit damp I got some rubbish here I can throw that away now because this is the rubbish thing okay so and I got you know a toothbrush so I you know I can do it three times a week oh I get I can eat this this is awesome because that's all I have is that beans so that's awesome I get that and look you get I got some silverware here like it's a knife and a fork thingy and you know this is to do the camera but but the lens is scratched and you know I don't know how to repair that or anything I got I got some moisture some shaving cream here but I'm not gonna use it I don't I shouldn't even have that here I'll put it yeah I'll put it in here because I'll get it later I have because i got this but i got no one to put this on me i like i need to put i need someone to put it on me but that won't like i don't got anybody like that so i put that over there um and i got like a look i take like this is another trophy this is another uh prize that i got and this is from um the uni at uh ballot not ballarat uh i got something from ballarat too but this is from to uni at Lismore, the Southern Cross University. And I was homeless there too. So like, what do we got? Like, here's my possessions. Here's a charger so I can listen to my iPod, which I listen to

audio books and some soothing music from time to time. Like, this is how I live my life. So, and I mean, this is most everything. I'm showing you like what I got. So, you know, cigarettes,

here's my dead phone uh yeah here's some markers that i have for the the poster um and i got a bag here with my books in on and that the books are just so heavy and if i didn't have those books it would be just such such a much more comfortable lifestyle so i got cigarette packets here and see what happens is i collect these um they come in handy sometimes to carry stuff in but ultimately Usually they end up with, you know, towards the end of a paycheck, I'll have to pick up tobacco. And, like, these have tobacco in them, but they're crappy tobacco. But I, um, uh, and see, that's my drugs. And it's legal, so don't, you can't say anything about it.

Um, and, and to be honest, I don't think, I, I support the legal, I support the illegal stuff too, as far as pot, as far as marijuana, I support that. um and then i got i got two warts here so i got some wart stuff and i got two warts i've been trying to take care of for like you know since since um nimbin and and i don't know how to get i'm scared to death of going to doctors or anything because every time i go there crazy stuff happens um and then i got a sleeping bag right there and i got this tent i got this light and see this is usb it charges usb um which is awesome and i mean this is my belongings i'm showing you everything i'm being open about everything that i have and and here's i got i got two jackets i got two jackets and i got a locker full of um really not much see i got two sugar things and and that's just a bag full of stuff see i get these free bags that have food don't you know and some of it I can't eat or don't eat but because I'm a vegetarian there can't be beans I mean this is everything I got that's it I mean just did you enjoy the tour it was a it's very fun for me to show my life exposed oh yeah and I got this thing and this thing does so much it's got me through so much can do can do almost anything there's only a few things that i would add to it if i could um but yeah it's a it's a good tool that i can you know have scissors or anything like i want and i don't have to carry it around all the time because it's kind of heavy um but if i need to i can it's not a problem for me to do it but i don't mind leaving it in my tent i don't really leave anything in my tent that that i would die if it was stolen but but i've been stolen. Everything that I would die with has been stolen anyway before. So none of it matters. When you live on the internet you can always continue where you left off. If

you do stupid stuff like I'm doing, you know, look at this. I'm going to waste some time here just by doing this on some spaghetti. Here I'll do it. I'll make up something for you it's a scatty it's a scatty why are you so Betty I don't know Maddie Maddie said he leddy heady minetti salmonella salmonella cattle turkey lips schizophrenic bop bop bop bop jack jack on top of the scared all covered with cheese i lost my poor meatball when i realized that it was killing animals for no good reason it fell off the table because I don't have a table because I live like an animal and onto the floor which is good because that's where I eat anyway oh but a meatball fell on my platter this is just sad this is sad song I don't like that oh and on the table, the gatties, the siskatties on the table, siskatties on the table, siskatties on the table, too many siskatties on the table, too many siskatties, too many siskatties on the table.

It needs to be on the floor, so I can eat. Let me eat like the dog I am. Give me the ball, and and i'll eat it off the floor good day sir how are you sir am i being stupid right now doing stupid voices with stupid comments what can all these voices be open sourced what if we open sourced voices get on you mate i don't want to do that i don't want to i don't want to show how bad I am not not good not gonna do that but but I'll play around with other stuff that's a big rocket launcher you're killing us the corporate insanity did your parents teach you to believe in Santa Claus that was pretty bad I didn't like that one that was bad how about this you're a jerk if you teach your children to believe in santa claus instead teach them the story of saint nick for he was the true hero not his glorified uh coke related um misfortune with relation why did the titanic sink that's pretty bad too battleship you sunk my battleship you sunk my battleship oh my feet are ah i can't feel them ah ah okay what what do movies use what sort of crap do do you people like like those taglines not taglines but let's talk what do you talk about talk about so i could give you voices i'll give you voices give you voices oh this one fuck fuck fuck fuck mother mother fuck mother mother fuck fuck mother fuck mother fuck noise noise noise one noise two noise three noise four smoking weed smoking blind smoking whatever is smokeable whether it's really smokeable or not who smokes everything we smoke everything smoking smoking smoking don't start smoking don't start smoking oh this is terrible this is terrible because this is my life and I mean these words and I don't know how to feel about that I don't know how to feel about that oh how about my legs are killing me I've been walking i've been walking for so long like the last five days you wouldn't believe oh crazy stuff crazy oh and my my warriors came in and we we we raided troy we sacked the city of troy how's how's that for a gradient on your wallpaper how's that for a gradient put that put that as a screensaver here's here's your fish tank you see here's here's my fish tank you see my fish tank you should kiss around eventually those things will go over there because I probably knock it or probably knock it over and it'll get dirty and I'll have to clean it up and I'll knock it over again and they'll get dirty and I have to clean it up and so those will go around and around and and probably end up emptying it once or twice actually you know I'm gonna I'm I'm going to have to throw it away soon because I got this guy, but I got to eat this guy. And I probably should have, I kind of only wanted that much, but I forgot about that guy when he was right in front of me.

And I actually hunted that guy and even opened it when I could have just used my finger with that. So I'm pretty stupid, but you get that. And that guy looks really good, too, because I'm kind of hungry and I'm at the bad part of my paycheck at the end. but it won't matter because soon i'll be able to to you know i'm getting paid not too long but saturday and and i got this phone that and i don't care i really i really don't care about any of it now it's all it's all over it's all over uh okay so i'll try to find out what you guys want and give you open source footage of uh of it let's let's do this actually huh see if we can frame it right i will not forget to mention demeter here or prosophony did we mention vulcan

what about mercury slayer of argus both diana and gaia in the same shot prometheus Aegis bearing Jove Who I cannot capture with this camera This lonely night Not so lonely I always had her And Bacchus gives us our wine In which we mix Together With Well we ran out but there was coffee But it's mixed in there now Prometheus takes another representation the bitch hair of the bitch hair of the bitch hair of the bitch only the finest water from the heart of Scamander thank you Scamander thank you for the finest water from your heart thank you for the heart to give me the water that I could bring up to this tent to be able to support my life over this night thank you Scamander Thank you. Thank you. Thank you Coca-Cola for making better quality bottles than the cheaper brands. So I tend to get you sometimes because your bottles last longer. Thank you Coca-Cola for being a multi-corporate national whatever company that screws over people and has a long history of brainwashing people.

Thank you for screwing up lots of conceptions of media and its portrayal by using propaganda techniques and being consistent in your approach to dominate cocaine all throughout the world. maybe that's your plan okay we started that way you started that way look at the foundations look at the foundations look at the foundations it was on coke the whole time it was on coke the whole time it was on coke water or coke speaking of coke what chemical brain psychology psyche psyche and cupid psyche and cupid once upon a time there was this girl oh prometheus yeah you go prometheus you take it for humanity prometheus you do the deed you know you do it yeah we'll all celebrate you you you suffer you you suffer your fate but we'll celebrate we'll continue to celebrate we'll go you'll go down through the ages prometheus you go prometheus you're awesome prometheus and with hestia's grace we keep warm and apollo will always be just in reach and always taking every step for venus but not without minerva's help save tonight and fight the break of dawn come tomorrow tomorrow I'll be gone safe tonight and fight the break of dawn come tomorrow Tomorrow I'll be gone safe tonight Fight the break of dawn and fight it safe tonight Do a world safe tonight show the world what you got Give it everything give your entire heart to it and the world will eventually love you do it first off an Persephone, Persephone, Persephone, Persephone, Persephone, Persephone, I don't know. Putting all human oppression on quarantine. That was what I was looking for last night.

Do it world, silhouette your world, silhouette your world.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



06-Song-of-Wend-Episode-09-Dear-Debbie

In the afternoon. Let's do some water in here. Yeah.

Nerva blesses us with a feast when we need the strength the most. Often Diana gives you another shot to sing her beauty. So, I'll continue this. I guess this has turned into a TV series.

And it's only going to be a one season TV series, but so I guess it's not really a series, but it's it was too long to make into any type of movie. So and and be consecutively understood because you got there's just too many pieces and in order to get that whole you have to watch the pieces or at least know what's going on with the pieces. but at the same time you can watch any of the topics and still understand but I hope you enjoy my interpretation of the Iliad. There's no way it can be as beautiful as the scenes that I'm capturing on camera but I still can't capture the true beauty that I see absolutely everywhere around me but I try try I just realized that she's not out for me to sing to her tonight even though I will be doing a little bit of that but she's out for me to do dear Debbie dear Debbie my whole life I've been thinking about how to have the perfect life and and it really the perfect life for myself for who I am um like with the cards i've been dealt and uh and in order to do that there was a lot of roadblocks that came in the way and and i'm gonna be honest with you i almost have it i almost have it um as far as at least my half um it took me so long but this is exactly what i want to be doing and the only thing that would fix everything like i let him be see when i get a house when i get a place which that's going to happen soon then um it's going to be affordable see this is all this was all a mission to be able to not struggle in life and and i've done it um so when i get that place then my life's kind of changed and it's really just to put stuff down um and i can be there and produce i can use it to as my studio and uh but i'll always be coming back to places like this because this is where this is where my heart is this is mother nature this is guy and uh and then the other half of the equation comes in which is my perfect partner and this is why i'm such a romantic because everything like once i get her then everything is going to sort itself out um because she'll want to do the kind of weird stuff that i like doing i like causing chaos in society that's what i like doing um but but that chaos is showing how stupid society is at least our systems and and we need to fix those and I know that just me doing this isn't gonna fix them but the thing is it could start some reaction that one day would so the type of life that I want to have is I want to create beautiful stories or reinterpret awesome stories I I love these stories and I'm starting to understand the world exactly I wouldn't exactly but very similarly to how how the gods are representational understandings and it took a while on my psychology to to learn how to see everyday events as divine manifestations or at least divine manifestations that are from a particular God so being more specific than just saying you know it's from god um it took a while for me to be able to do this i had to learn all the characters and um but this is what i want to be doing and the thing is that no one else wants to do this no one else wants to do this except me um and i'm not doing it for money um i'm only doing it because i love these topics these topics are the most important thing on my heart and uh and if you're fear my soulmate which i mean why would god give me a mission that that i spend my life on and then fail uh and it's all unfolding too so i mean how i don't think this i don't think this is gonna fail but i i just want to learn like the most important topics of human existence and play games and uh play real life games and get it on camera and then release it to the world public use of reason cons version of enlightenment uh that's what i want to do with the rest of my life but i want to do it with someone special and uh and in order for someone to be okay doing with this this sort of stuff they have to be kind of a weird person so uh that's kind of what i'm looking for i want someone eccentric i like eccentricities i like them oh i'm always around the corner so my ideal life that i see me living out is figuring out how to make either what i do with these stories into a living or uh figure out how to make a living with content learning content are invested in fields and content that is going to assist the stories and that's not going to be too hard now once I get a place get grounded because I've already proven to the world that I'm really smart so and once I get a place and I'll be able to to you know be a bit more consistent in my actions um because i don't have to walk up mountains every day uh that would you know free me up a little bit to be able to do these sort of things and there's a lot of places that i'm really good with that would help with these stories and uh and help a lot of people at the same time so you know what will i see my life uh hopefully in 10 years to be honest um well i see myself with with my perfect girl and uh and probably married to her or are about to get married to her um and and i won't but the thing is throughout all that time uh i want to make stories um i want to teach you how to do that too and i want to teach you all these important lessons i learned with philosophy and i want you to teach me what you think of all these things too so i want us to just you know study together all the time because it's so beautiful doing that and and when i mean study i'm talking about study everything we got all these guys i mean mercury what there's music right there we got so many different fields in life and that's why that's why I invest in so many fields is because uh the more people the more eyes my work can capture um then the better that and then the more people I'll be receptive or yeah really kind of be receptive to or at least reach out to and I'm only really needing the first uh any 15 seconds of any production of mine will pretty much uh pretty much condition whether a person will be receptive to what I'm saying or not and that's all I really need of anybody's time and uh there's a lot a lot of people are gonna be well I don't care I don't want it um and those other people I'm looking for I'm looking for you know 15 seconds of me speaking will tell you pretty clearly uh what type of person you're dealing with um so that's all i need and that's my mission really is to figure out how to do that how to be take 15 seconds of as many people's time as possible and uh and then if i can do that then maybe i can open up my dreams which would be to uh to tutor to tutor you and and for us to figure out how to get a to how to get a good life for the rest of our lives and um and me be a slave to your family and and you know that's all that's what i romanticize about um and then sorry once once you grow up i gotta take take you away but they're gonna know that and they're gonna know that from the type of person i am but as long as they leave the the window open you'll always come back you'll always come back and i'll protect you through everything i'm such a good protector i've been training my life to do this for you i've been training my life to protect you and i know females like people keep telling me it's them built in their dna that they like you know security and stuff but but i'm telling you like what is security what what is one what is my security compared to someone else's security you know i had to do all this crap so i could be receptive to you because people people don't become popular i mean i gotta get popular so i can find you and people don't become popular unless they do really weird stuff so how am i to find my dream girl in a world full of full of really bad women and uh and that's just by doing exactly what i'm doing now so i mean there's there's reasons why i do the things i do and and even though they're extreme it's not like i'm not thinking about what i'm doing um i know exactly what i'm doing oh there we go i can see it from a tent when when it's dark it's been so exhausting like this semester this this movie whatever it is show it's just been really taking out I'm more you know I say every production I'm more exhausted than I ever am but um I'm so exhausted and it never stops like it's just like another thing after another thing after another thing i want to do soft drugs at least occasionally with you and and i know i have to wait um to be for you to be ready to do that but that's okay but i think that uh as long as we focus our attention on the right things when we do them uh particularly god gods the gods the divine everything divine um then it can enhance our creativity a lot and um and help us be better warriors for for that divine i should really quit smoking though and and you should help me with that you should you should you should be someone to make sure that i don't smoke too much i'm talking about cigarettes tobacco is bad it'll you up it'll you up it'll yeah tobacco will do that to you it's not good really bad really bad don't don't start really bad it'll take over your life oh you'll have to pick up cigarette butts if you can't afford it if you get addicted oh so bad you know from the ages of 12 to maybe 20 or 22 I used to quit almost every single year one or two months one time even three months out of that whole year so I stopped for a long time oh even more that one time I quit for six months just three years ago I quit for six months so it's a really terrible thing to get started because even if you quit for a long time you end up coming back to it so tobacco is really bad even though i smoke and and it looks cool or it's not cool it's not cool i would want to take you out of school and tutor you that doesn't mean you wouldn't get to see your friends or anything and we would make sure you would do social events and things like that. But our school systems are really bad. They don't care about you. Test

them. They don't care about you. And if you think they do, then try to do something that they don't like. Or try to do something that's different than what they're pushing. They

don't care about you. And I do. So who's the better one to provide a good education? Someone who's very well educated and really cares about the individual, giving them one-on-one attention, or a school with tons of kids where bad things happen in school all the time.

I mean, I remember school and bad things happen to me all the time. And our schools are worse. Our schools are worse than they used to be. So they're just going to get worse.

And now we're saying school reforms with the Internet, and we don't even know what we're talking about. I'm trying to show us what this opens up to us because everything's going to change once people realize. I will teach you how to keep your possessions online and everything that you own, all of humanity owns as well. So I'll teach you how to be an awesome file sharer and that's through your own content, your own life, um which which is guided in whatever direction your heart your heart and mind takes you you gotta really get into audiobooks and text-to-speech um and and learn how to use that text-to-speech uh i know that we're all different learners but if you're really my reflection then you gotta you know line up and um and the thing is that with audiobooks and and the text-to-speech you can learn so much in such a short period of time and that's what you need to be enabled to do.

You need to be kind and compassionate and you have whatever psychology you have right now and you have a huge life ahead of you and that psychology could develop in any way possible, and see what people seem to forget is that you're directed from childhood, and as you grow up, you're building upon something, so you've got to make the choice. From this age, once you can understand some of the topics that I'm going on about, you're given the choice whether you want to make your life like everybody else, or whether you wanted to make it conditioning the best heart in the world and uh and i guess you could always do something in between but you're not you're not my girl if you do that so uh you gotta really really think okay well how what do i got right now with my with my mental capabilities um how do i think why do i think uh the bad things i do why do i do them um and the thing is these these questions aren't so easy because there's other questions that we have to ask to find out the answers to some of these questions and and it goes down for a long time and you spend your life studying your psychology so you can figure out how to manipulate it best to make the world that you exist within the most peaceful one possible to to how you know you are how you think how your head works and um and that's really your task and and if you if you follow what everybody else does and and just go along with the crowd and be mean to people and and not be a nice person um and really even like how you present yourself to to people uh the face the the the movements in your face and your body like why are you doing them that way and what way could you manipulate them to do them better to get a better response from your environment and and a lot of people don't like this because this is manipulation but but what are we talking about here um it's trying to you know rearrange yourself how you think and and change it around and this is you know you can be as smart as you want and it has nothing to do with you know what you're naturally given or little little to do with what you're naturally given because we got all these conscious seconds in this world and we could send like we could spend on you sit in front of the TV since our education like since we can since we're much smarter than we used to be um we can forget about you know uh passing you know what we are now and debbie over time uh the world that surrounds us when we keep on pushing becomes the most peaceful one possible and and given everything that i've been that's been thrown at me in life um i really am in in the best place possible right now for me right now and um and that's because you know i'm my material is very controversial and and people don't it's very different too and there's so many people that don't like it or or that just uh overlook overlook it and because there's no mainstream support it's just one guy doing something um but he's doing it for you there's a reason why I did all this and especially the way I did it um doing the three courses first like ultimately you should be starting at the beginning and and working your way up with all of my work uh but the reason i did all of this um was so i can listen to you when i find you i can just listen to you and we can discuss things um you see see that crack see there's scratches there on the lens um but i could just listen to you and all you had to do you know you could just study my work and we could modify it you know to work how how you know you learn best um but that's ultimately uh why why it's all structured like this you know starting with philosophy in the three courses and then and then showing and then going to divine tragedy um with the movies then you and i could spend our lives figuring out what your generation wants in an education system and then uh and then giving the world that giving giving all of your uh all of your friends all of your generation um exactly what they want and employ free uh finding finding the people that'd be best to do it and ultimately those people are the the best of of your generation and and that's right we we gotta find the stars that's our mission is to find the stars of uh of your generation because it's our future it's our future see if we can make our future clear everything important to you will be on the internet dear girl so you will need to detach yourself of physical possessions for everything that's in your hands is uh is just borrowed and eventually another will come to claim it i know not whether you have brothers and sisters but you likely do and what your family needs to understand is that I'm offering to be personal tutors to an entire family and that could avoid the education system and give your entire family the education that it needs. I'm sorry I was going to wait till 12 and howl at the moon again but i still got more time ahead of me but but i i'm just so tired i'm gonna just pass out for a little bit it's been really hard been really rough i haven't been getting much sleep at all you've seen it and you have to be crazy enough to structure your life around getting the shots you need this day night thing you're gonna have to revolve around it and uh that doesn't mean you don't sleep or don't sleep much but but you're gonna have to wake up throughout all different times because there's a lot of beauty to capture and you will stand by me no matter what and I will return the favor to you and we will not only stand by each other but sing with one voice between our two passions and talents and nothing will separate us no matter what We will both stand by each other happily for the individuals that we are.

We will stand strong by each other's side and support both of our psychologies to be optimized within the lifestyle that we together choose.

And neither of us would ever think about being with another because our quality doesn't come along ever. so so it will it will eventually uh but but me and you will never have to we'll please each other in every single way possible we'll get to know each other uh through through the thick and the thin and and we'll be able to assist each other in all the areas that we both struggle with and and that we're awesome with and we can help each other get better every single step of the way. This is my utopia. We can respect and appreciate each other's quirks and the parts and the areas in our life where we are sensitive with and through manipulation over time we can figure out the best way to approach sensitive subjects that we each struggle with and you know our minds need to be completely open with each other and if we can't be 100% open and then you're not the girl I'm looking for.

And our playground will be the playground of life. And this gives us unlimited opportunities with everything we do, because the source that we're using is of an abundant nature. And we'll study your favorite subjects and make up stories to help you remember them. And we will not rush on any subjects that you haven't fully comprehended.

And the gray will depend on the character that you build for yourself. And even though, dear Debbie, our accommodation might be temporary, it's in Mount Olympus. Because you know that your attention needs to be focused on people and not things. And individual people, not any collective people.

Because you have to act inside out, Like you help the collective when you help individuals and you really need to look very carefully at these individuals, because each one is a different person. And ultimately our society doesn't do that. Look around you, everybody's focusing their attention on things. And I mean, this is a university and you can see it.

But there's reflections of this everywhere. so we need to look at at the individual in order to help the whole and look look what I'm doing I'm helping lots of individuals in my life and I'm helping the whole by doing these videos and it's as a result of studying my whole life so you know what does it mean what is its value why do I do this I know that it's unlikely that I'll ever get what I want but I keep doing it and ultimately just thought that I had paved the way for other people that struggle with the same thing that I did in my life. Just that thought of helping them makes me keep doing it. Maybe it'll take decades for society to see its results, but we work off the test of time and never for the moment.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



06-Song-of-Wend-Episode-10-Eponym-of-Peirene

she's not out at all tonight zeus is covering her over hell zeus hey i'm just talking about the moon she's out but she's coming out she's coming out no it's full moon last two days i don't think it's full moon tonight three days oh oh because that means because i was supposed to do this oh that's this uh this is it or not this is it all right i gotta do it again this is it again so i stand up okay let's see do it again this is it going to capture magic at 12 with or without you girl i would prefer with so it'd be really awesome if you could uh make an appearance because this song's for you, Diana.

Hell, Zeus, Lord of the Skies, please clear your way for Diana's path at midnight tonight.

Come on, Diana. Come out and play. You are cordially invited to a celebration of your three-night reign.

Please be here at midnight.

Diana, you gotta be here. You gotta be here. This is for you. we can do it Diana we can do it we can do it we can do it we're coming out tonight we're coming out tonight it's a party of the gods party of the gods live in such a beautiful world thank you Zeus thank you sir recording a celebration of your third night of rain your third night of rain your third night of rain And you are so beautiful looking so beautiful for the camera, but I just caught on camera. This is just with my

phone and it's Diana and Looks better on the See if I can zoom in on it. Let me see The picture the real image is let me see if I put light on it if it'll help but uh that's a pretty odd image like diana's right behind it you can see you can see her on the picture she's like right there but it looks like a head that's there there it goes you can see it a little bit better see there's that and that it's just very very interesting picture if you look at it and think about what it could be but it did teach me that that with crappy cameras it's better to catch clouds going over over the moon because it captures a really beautiful really beautiful see if these clouds do it when they do it they don't look like they're going and they're going down these ones are gonna do it but you'll see that the glare see see how so bright and I could change the exposure but that would change I wouldn't be able to get the clouds then but see if I wait for some clouds to go over the moon then it will be beautiful footage but it looks like all these clouds might miss it you see how the lights affecting I can't see it now but if I see all the clouds are missing but I'll show you later see you just got to know when the right moment is. That's all. You can make awesome stories if you know when the right moment is.

So it's kind of funny. I can't really capture the clouds very well at all unless I get a backdrop of a light source, which I guess is the moon, which is really the sun, a reflection of the sun. But when the clouds are around that light source, they become very beautiful. and what we're doing is hoping these things will pass so we can see so this is just on auto and I just wanted to demonstrate on auto but sometimes when the clouds are really thick it'll it'll change the scene entirely it'll it'll just dim it's just beautiful it's really beautiful thick clouds still they like to go right by the moon they like to skim Diana it looks like see this guy right here this guy's bound to Zeus is about to dance with Diana and we'll see what happens I think I like the auto because it automatically adjusts to some of the clouds and stuff so I can get more shots but when I want something specific I'll go manual right here we got Zeus coming he's coming coming to dance with his daughter you do it Zeus you dance with your daughter and so we'll take the exposure down a little bit but I want to get the clouds in so it's gonna be a bit of a play and see you want fluffy too you know you want to be you want them detailed and see I'll lose it there it's a light source thanks Zeus thanks to Hannah battery's almost dead and no time to change it on it that's what's wrong um losing the clouds okay here we go okay see what it does two minutes left on camera it's my life something weird so you know that thing I was compiling it crashed might be a really tiny baby possum oh ages bearing Jove you are the man one minute left but it's like orange it's like really orange I mean you can't see it very well but it's really cool cameras gonna die any second now tell Apollo son of God rise for us over this next three days Now let's spend the next few days thinking about what God just did as a result of his son, Jesus.

This is my silent reflection.

Goodbye, camera.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



06-Song-of-Wend-Episode-11-Fate-of-Actaeon

of your body and drink of your blood while we contemplate for the next three days what these rituals actually mean it just flung itself on my tent I missed it he's like me oh dear Diana I have to do a poem for my heart okay so it's a beautiful night and I got woken up by this little guy and he's so beautiful but I'm not sure how well the camera can see him now but I can see his silhouette and you see his eyes right there let's see if we can get this focus right okay so I'm watching him and he's watching me and And we're both watching the moon, and we both like the moon, and it likes me talking. It likes my voice. This focus is so bad, but this is just something so beautiful because we're both sharing a moment together with dear Diana. knows that I'm trying to put poetry into words to explain her beauty and not only her beauty but the beauty of the thing right beside it. Let's see how close we can get with staying

focus okay even the silhouette okay look at how beautiful it doesn't mind the light it wants it wants to like touch me you know I'm not cool with that it bit me but it was on accident but but it eats from me and didn't break skin but it was hard but I think he has a family and that's all the other night the tiny tiny one I think these things glide and you know if I just every once in a while had some food for them and left out some water and then I think they might move in that'd be kind of cool so we could have a lot of moments like this and and there's been more black wallabies around but but I'm never fast enough with a camera to get them. But if I can silhouette them like this sometimes, it might be cool, but it'd be hard. I'd probably want to get them running across a setting like this, and even that would be hard. And see this focus thing?

It's crap, it's really crap. I don't know why it's doing this. Let me see if there's some messed up settings, is like going in and out. Focus, auto, there is no longer. I don't know the focus well

enough, but this is just such a beautiful night and I think it's like 2 in the morning or something or 1 in the morning. I just had to share it with really myself later because we're all watching each other and if we can learn how to get along we got the same things together why is this focus doing this if you have a problem with the camera oh sweet diana what could a man like me say to a goddess as beautiful as yourself something so attractive yet innocent but you Retain your innocence forever, and that is what makes you so special. O virgin goddess, keep me strong when your brother beats me to do my duty for him, for I am his slave. But I know that everything that your brother invests his heart into is worth all of my time. And in return for my commitment to the Son of God, he gives me you at night.

But you are so beautiful, but so far away, my soul. But it is like a lack of something that I need is not in my life that I look for. A reflection, my reflection of you. How have you conditioned my psychology, goddess?

what have you done with me what have you done with my life was I doomed to be your slaves like this so bright yet so far away you can comfort my soul tonight but what will comfort my soul tomorrow for I know not what tomorrow brings I just do my best for today. And if my best is not good enough, then put me out of my misery. For I long, I long for you, dude I am. And you give me companions every step of the way, and I see the little red light. And my companions like me, and like what I do, for they know they

They are but a tool for God to shine as the bright creatures that they are. Because they know that I am capturing them in time for not only the significance that they hold as awesome creatures, but also for their inner longings being very similar to how we are kind of structure ourselves but what does that mean and in someone like my life really like so I dedicated my life to understand these things and interpret it in my life and now I'm happy I'm like I'm oddly happy because over there I got this whole area over there and I can hide it from the world and I got this whole area over there and I got a dance floor down there with wings and there's a city there and I can hide all this stuff Like there's only one path that I have to worry about and I can hide that pretty well And the only people that really know that I'm here is the government

Other people know I'm here, but they don't know where

So I don't know all I have to do is bring water up here

And I'm pretty happy. Yeah, I'm rolling a cigarette right now. I'm pretty happy happy, you know, continuing to do this. I got till June 27th, and then once I release that production, I'm not, I don't know, I'm not going to work for a bit, because there's a lot, I just went through a lot, I just went through it, my whole psychology just went through so much over doing all that, because you don't understand, like I had to, I really had to interpret all this and and I had to like show the practical application of what we live in I live in and I can't live any other way now I need I need you Diana I need you you're my drug you are my drug dear Diana oh forever long I'll do what you tell me to do you know world I didn't want to do all this I don't want to do all this I don't want to admit to all this stuff I didn't want to do that no no but but but Apollo and combined with this girl right here yeah that wasn't a choice no no no I didn't have that choice I had to do it oh now I'm like a retarded uh creepy guy going after girls thanks Diana slap your brother for me slap him in the face hard do it do it come on do it girl do it for me please and keep these guys coming I got an echidna that comes here from time to time too I like training taming taming taming wildlife I gotta be careful that guy bit me he bit me but it was uh because I had a bit of bread that was stuck to my finger and I shouldn't have had that out like I had also bread on my hand but obviously the sugary bit stuck to my finger and he liked the sugary bit well that was my finger and like he didn't break his skin so it was alright but but gotta be careful be careful this guy he might bite but he does eat on my hand he eats on my hand well I just gotta present it right my fault my fault my fault always learn always learn know how to deal with different creatures only one encounter with brown snake it was good he didn't care it's you and your brother that get me through all of it production to production I don't even know what the crap I'm doing anymore what am I doing dear Diana what the crap am I doing I'm just doing stuff it's crazy and the stuff's good it's like what I have to release it it's like have to produce it and I go oh what the crap are you making me do what are you making me do oh and and then you and then reflecting on Jesus now and yes oh there's a lot going through a lot could you use your help dude I know why do I want human interaction I don't know why I want I want my psychology to be like this though people can can you let me i mean i'm i have to i have to do it

might be a little guy these things glide the gliders they glide oh dude i let's see how well we can capture this moment dude i am i'm trying to learn from the best and my university's not very good at doing it so okay I captured that I'm just gonna use auto because it's not good enough my camera's not good enough to do it any other way okay so we'll start out there let's get the eyes lined up so you can get it one recording oh and if I can get it yeah I'll get it I'll get it I just gotta put my knee in a certain way, there we go, gotta do it in a certain way. Oh, shot it, okay, so you can just zoom out now, and I can just take the footage after I zoom, and that's still one good transition, see the city, and you transition over to to this guy in the moon, the dear sweet Diana that we're trying to learn how to use what equipment we got to give a certain effect. And whether you know what you're going to do next, it doesn't matter, don't move the camera if you want to think about what you're going to do next. Just leave the camera where it is while you're thinking and you don't even have to say anything if you don't want you can just as long as you keep the focus and then and then what you're going to transition to next and we can see that see i got a smooth transition i can see some lights and now i see some lights so i can now move around and try to get those lights the best and you can see that i can then move to see me walking now i'm walking so now you can then try zoom in if I can see yeah yeah I can even see the base and I can walk see and then put your feet see there's a still a transition and then we got another view here and it's hard to see in the dark but we got yeah and then that's the tower so and see we're all in the same transition here you got the ground you see what type of life I'm living. Me walking a tent here and then we got open

source university let's ingrain that into our head because that little thing pointing back at you because that's what who's responsible. Then we got here the gods which we can spin around and then see that and we're gonna later see that the thing's just gonna come up and get it it doesn't care about me and that's sort of what and then you got stinky socks there they're really bad I don't want them anymore actually I don't want to get rid of them so then see we fuzzy fuzzy we can do all I was fuzzing out then you can transcend and zoom in and and you can then close the camera and that finishes a shot so like you're finished with it and things that are meaningful that you want to see again showing that you know I'm taming these creatures I'm saying you can come out here and get your water and every once in a while I'll have a little treat for you and one flew in my tent but I gotta try not to do that and then you know I think sometimes all things I don't want the audience to see but at the end of the day I think that everything that I do in my life should be open to the public and I'm sorry but that's the way I gotta live that's the way that this girl right here is telling me to do it so I'll do it the best that I can according to the powers that are above both you and I but I'm not going to do it how any other man or woman says best, because I'm being told something, and I gotta do what it says, and do whatever you want with me if you don't want what I'm saying to happen, because I gotta do it, and I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I gotta do it, I gotta do it I'm sorry I'm such an idiot and then and then I can close the camera or let's I'll show you know zoom in and then you can have to click after and to be honest like to have a click like that every time the different frame hits isn't a bad idea because it gets your mind ingrained and every time it clicks it's a different transition a different scene so that's not necessarily bad so I'll do with the moon so we got this beautiful thing and i guess oh can we get yeah we'll get a little bit unfocused there and then go out and then oh dear diana what have you and your brother done to me oh sweet diana what have you and your brother done to me under the command of zeus almighty sways over you like a gentle mist, have turned the servant into an outcast, you have turned him into one who lives as a peasant, and your brother Apollo sharpens my spear each and every day, but in the night you are always there, wait dear Artemis, my longing My dream girl, I would do for a reflection of yourself. Dear Diana, how long will I be out here with the camera? Wondering I can get rid of my unhealthy addictions.

What are you planning? Why did you force me to do all this crap? I don't want to do any of it. I don't want to do it.

Oh, your rape is harsh. You, dear girl, are worth every bit of fighting that your brother empowers my heart. Oh, dear Diana, what have you and your brother done to me? Oh, you knocked it over. Where did it go? It's right there.

It's right there. It's right there. Oh, it's over there. No, no, you can't be in here.

What are you eating? Just a piece of that. Oh, it's an M&M. There's a peanut butter thing in there.

Oh. In the day, I slave for your brother, Apollo. And in the night, you give me comfort and bread to sustain my life. Is this a life?

I didn't want to do any of this stuff. I've done. I didn't want to do any of it You and your brother made me. Oh this life with my friends and

the city with the heart and the heart and the heart on the blackest mountain in All of Canberra. What have you done to me gods? What have you done to me? I can't turn back. I can never turn back. Why'd you make me do all this? Why'd you make me do all this?

But don't you think it is neat how awesome of stories this mentally deficient mental case ends up in. I wonder who you are. Big. Can you see? It's the evil queen.

oh your queen oh look at her okay oh not much battery left oh I'm never gonna be able to do this all never gonna be able to do the battery you can't see it it's on power saving mode I can't do it I can't do it without power I can't do it without I am I correct myself I can't do this without a PowerPoint I'm trying to I'm trying to figure out different ways to make my solar panel power or something that can power my laptop for a while and then just use the sun. What would you do for a chip? It's recording. See what this baby can do.

I don't see any lights. I don't know if I can. I saw a LED illuminator. I don't know what that does.

I'll figure it out. No lights. No lights. It says LED illumination, but it's not on, let's see if I can, no, it can't go into settings while it's recording, what a divine tragedy, but we'll have to use the light sources to silhouette our world, and we can zoom, it does incremental zoom, yeah.

but we gotta figure out how to get a light come on you gotta have it just a little light

need a little light in front just to illuminate what's in front otherwise we're gonna be screwed some places oh we got lights we got light sorry a little bit but we'll see how it goes he's almost dead I'll do that why did you do that malls of all kinds including most of you are just as seriously I even put a stick there to try to show you oh you shouldn't do that dude I'll have food tomorrow I told you I don't have anything today. I should have taken that away. This camera is so much better than the other.

Oh, what did you see? We got, oh, we got Diana. We got Diana. Oh, you see? We both like Diana.

We both like Diana. We told her we'd dance. We'll dance. You want to dance? You want to dance?

Diana, why don't you go up here in your tree, don't come here, don't come here, use your teeth, I don't like that, there you go, Diana, okay, this is how she wanted us to sing, oh Diana, sweet, I don't really know, this guy's a bit of a bully man, he's like, hey, I do what I want. I got where I want. I want to be like right here. I'll be right here.

So I don't know. Look. Look. Oh. He's like. Oh. And he uses teeth. You don't care. You don't

care. You don't care. He's like. Oh. You got a line on me. I don't care you got a line

on me. I'll show you what I got. I'll show you what I got. Ooh. Got a scratch. Got a

scratch yeah oh oh but he don't care he don't care because you got a tent you know he keeps jumping on my tent like in the middle of the night he'll jump out that tree and he'll jump on the tent and he goes look here what's he doing go on do what you want do what you're going to do it? Oh, Diana? No. Oh, no, he's a bit shifty. Ooh, ooh, yeah, see? See, he's

there. He's there. He's there all the night. Ah, ah, there he goes. He's up. He's up.

Now he's going to be watching Diana, singing. Singing poor Diana. And, and I'll do that Dude, I gotta see so beautiful, um, camera, camera, over the city, over the city. You okay there, dude?

He's good. Good night, man. Don't bully me, okay? You the same guy as yesterday? There's been a few of you around.

There's something there, too. I don't think so. You look smaller. I'm significantly smaller.

I'm super cute. your hands are small where's your you have a baby somewhere i saw it the other day caught that on camera too you know i catch very little on camera compared to what i experience this guy wants in my tent but i don't really know how i feel about a wild animal in my tent i'm pretty sure this guy would let me pet him and his friends like but but i wouldn't want try it they are wild animals and they still do bite even though they don't mean me any harm they still don't know this guy's really really gets in my face if this is the same guys last night too yeah you see this guy doesn't isn't afraid of nothing so we come to the heart of our dance floor and we will always spend our lives looking over what is important to our hearts and we will dance around our hearts remember the vision that we have for this my friends this is the stage of life let me dance for you let me dance for you haven't finished this dance



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



06-Song-of-Wend-Episode-12-The-Twelve-Olympians

Hail Apollo. Hail my queen. Let's give her her antennae of the sun that I follow. Hail Zeus.

Son of God, hail Zeus. Hail my queen. Hail Zeus. Hail Hestia.

Don't forget the majestic queen of them all. hair herself we can to not get in her way and respect her for the right she holds and for how she deals with the position that she's given and ultimately I'm asking her for for my queen and because she is the queen of of the goddesses and I'm asking for the queen of humanity. Hail Juneau. Hail Juneau. Hail Juneau. Hail Hera, this majestic of the gods.

He reigns with an iron fist and you must respect her. And boy do we. hail Hera, hail my queen, hail Minerva, goddess of wisdom, who always directs our path when we are a bit confused, hail Minerva, she comes in many forms, hail Minerva, goddess of wisdom, Hell my queen. Hell my queen. Hell Minerva. Hell my queen. Hell Minerva. Hell my queen. Hell Minerva. Hell my queen. Hell Poseidon. Neptune who will bring many waves amongst our path.

Hell Poseidon, who affects us both in travels through land and sea for his actions. Cause a change. Hell Poseidon, who gives us the fruits of the sea. Hell Neptune.

Hell Poseidon. Hell my queen. Hell my queen. And we know Aries is just on the other side of the lake We've been there There'll be a light later tonight

Hell my queen Aries Hell the gods Hell the gods Hell the gods Hell the gods Hell the gods Hell the gods Bright enough for you Hell the gods Kill Apollo Hell the gods Hell the gods hail the gods, hail the gods, hail the gods, hail the gods. Demeter, I would not forget you, mother of all earth, hail Demeter. And I think this goes without saying, standing here in the heart of the night, staring at the heart of my nation, hail Aphrodite, hail my queen. And we cannot forget you, dear Vulcan.

My queen, messenger of the gods. We have a message for you, Hermes, to send to everybody. we have a message for you to send mercury slayer of Argus slayer of Argus hell Hermes hell my queen hell Hermes the gods hell Diana who's responsible for this this creepy light that Zeus covered over hell Diana hell my queen hell Diana responsible for this uh creepy light that zeus covered over hell diana hell my queen hell my queen my queen the virgin goddess is shy but we won't forget we will hail apollo's rays that she reflects even when Zeus covers her. Hail Artemis. Hail Diana. Hail my

queen. Oh really? Our virgin goddess is shy but we will hail Apollo's light that she reflects even when Zeus covers her. Hail Artemis. Hail Diana. Our virgin

goddess is shy but we will steal hell apollo's light that she reflects even when zeus covers over her hell diana oh artemis hell diana hell my queen hell my queen oh diana hell diana my queen



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



06-Song-of-Wend-Episode-13-Boat-of-Charon

Digital zoom, hella polite. I know wherever I am, it's recording now, it's recording full HD. It's not near as good as what I got. But it's quick and portable.

It's quick and portable. Yeah. And it's good, like... What brand is this?

It's mainly not, it's Fujifilm. Okay. But you see, that's digital zoom, a lot of that's digital zoom. Yeah.

But it's so good, it's good for not far away. So like my other camera can zoom in on anything there and I can get like really good quality but this camera is really good for straight you know someone being right there. How is this for an office? Guilty to say it. Here we go.

Caution. That's what I got. I got a caution. I don't know what I'm going to do.

Hello Paula, let's check it.

you know in the mountains it's like five minus six degrees Celsius I don't even have a sleeping bag to do that you know what it's like sleeping like this isn't relevant to the conversation I'm not being mean to anybody I'm just telling you my life I'm just telling you my life and then you I don't want to see the police here because I'm too loud because I live a life that you guys are afraid of.

That's a good reason to put the police on because a homeless person that lives a suffering life.

I would love to hurt myself. I can't do it. I can't do it, but I would love to.

No, I haven't brushed my teeth. I haven't washed. I've got dirty clothes. I've been homeless for three years. I lived on Humboldt Mountain last night.

Possing's jumped all over my tent. I can't work on it all the time. But I can't live like this. I need a home. I've been waiting on housing for three years of not having a home.

I've been studying. I've been studying so hard. I'm trying to figure out how to fix my life. So you actually want to have yourself?

I can't do it. I don't have the balls to do it. But I would so love to. I think about it all the time.

I don't have I can't do it I can't do it what are you are you gonna are you gonna search my bag why are you gonna do that isn't that an evasion of property why not if I want to and there's a different thing between actually actually I can talk about it it's called free speech yeah but you can't you can't do that you can't do that book through all of it and you don't want to complain because the thing is oh you don't need justice okay

take your hands out your pockets for me Get your hands in your pockets. It'll just be titled by other members there, right? You've got something in your left jacket pocket. Is that right?

Yeah. What did you put in there? It's called a camera. It's recording what you're doing right now.

That's fine. Okay. That's fine. You want to look at it?

Yeah, please don't. Just sharp. Mate, I don't mind what's on there. I really don't.

Yeah. Okay? You just handcuffed me. I did, mate, because I didn't know if you've got a weapon or not.

A weapon? I'm trying to record that, how you said you don't need just calls. You can put me in handcuffs like this. Because we're going to hurt yourself, mate.

Hurt myself. You know, I think about it all the time. I can't do it. And that's why we're here.

I can't do it. So no problems. But I'm not going to do it. But the thing is, I want to.

I have just cause for doing it. I've never met you before. I just want a home. I just want a home.

I understand that, mate. But we've got a chance. So you'll save it and other people around you, mate. So do your care.

I just want a home. I haven't ever hurt anybody. I can't even hurt me. I don't have the balls to hurt me.

But I'm going to talk about it all the time because it's always in my head. because you do this because you put me in handcuffs and you strip search me if it's always in your head we're going to take you to mental health and they can speak to you about it that's not in the law I have to say that I'm going to do it I have to say that I'm going to do it and I know this very well and I'm not going to do it you said you would love to do it but you can't and you think about it all the time I do but the thing is know this i've been in the psychiatric ward twice already and then the first time you put me with schizophrenic the second time you've stripped it all because i've been i've been through all of this before and the whole reason is because i'm homeless i'm homeless okay do you want to speak with a social worker i would love to speak with the social worker i just want to get home i just want to understand once i get home every everything i can fix everything relax dude relax i'm not What did I do to do this? Can you please take this off? I will. I'll explain it to you why and then I'll take it off.

The reason why... Listen, just listen. Just stop talking for a second, listen. We attended because we heard that you were trying to hurt yourself, okay?

And then when we turned up, someone said that you put something in your pocket that didn't say what it was. Now you know. Can you move it around so I can see you guys? I don't need you to record me, mate. You can hear exactly what we're saying.

Yeah, but I love seeing you. You're so good to see you. Well, maybe I was leaving the handcuffs for a little bit until we've searched your bag. What have I done?

So you're searching my bag just because I want, because I think about suicide so often because you guys won't give me a home. I'll have one of those at home for three years. Man, I'm the police. You're a government department.

You're part of it. You are part of it. I'm not going to argue the point with you because I can't give you a house. But I have a social worker.

But you know what? You can put a reference in to Graham. But I don't know you. That's what I'm saying.

I don't know you. I've got a social worker to speak with you here. Would you like to speak to a social worker? Okay, what we need to do is calm down.

You calm down and take the handcuffs off me. It's as simple as that. And I will do that for you. Fantastic.

Okay? But you're going to remain calm. Don't raise your voice at me or anything. I'm not trying to be angry.

I'm not mad at anybody. I haven't been aggressive towards anybody. And listen, how good am I being with you? How good am I being with you?

You have handcuffs on me right now. I do. You have not been good with me. I'm sorry.

And then you tell me how we don't have rights in Australia, like America. I mean, America's bullcrap about America. Do you want to take them off on us? Yeah, take them off.

I haven't ever been aggressive with you. So this whole thing is stupid. Just relax for me. And you can't take me to any mental hospital.

Well, mate, we can. Then do it because I'll get out. Because that's how it happens every time. Because they realize that they can't do anything because I won't do it.

And I know I won't do it. You know, this is virtue. That's virtue. That's what I strive for every day.

That's practical wisdom. That's actually putting... This is love. This is what I strive for.

I'm a philosophy student. Randall, calm down, mate. We're talking civilly with you. Do the same with us.

Yes, we are, mate. Am I raising my voice with you? Well, you just put me in handcuffs and stripped all my stuff. Stop.

You searched all my stuff. How should I feel? How should I feel about the events? I'm not going to continue to go around in circles about the same issue, mate.

Like I said to you. How should I feel about the events? I feel safe. I feel safe?

I was safe? I was safe by myself? By you putting me in handcuffs, you saved me from myself? Correct.

Well, you talked about wanting to home yourself. Because I always think about that. I'm telling you what a homeless person that doesn't have any friends in the world goes through, what their psychology goes through. And this is it.

And I can't get a home. You know, if I got a home, I can do everything. We're not the person you need to tell that to. You need to tell that to the social worker, and they're going to come.

But I came here, and then they called you. Yeah, because you talked about harming yourself. Because that's what I think about. And wanting a needle to harm yourself.

No, no, no. I want legalized assisted suicide. This is what I fight for. It's called legalized assisted suicide.

Tasmania is about to do it. and you know that's what I think I wish you this and sit down and just shut with us I want you to come in here and speak with you but because she's so animated at the moment they're not they're a little bit reluctant I think that because what you said the other side the other worker in here before I think you're a danger that's why we're here yeah look I approach that stop talking mate let me talk I don't think you're a danger I don't that's why I'm taking it in the handcuffs that's why we're talking rationally you need to start explaining it for them otherwise they're not gonna help you they've never help to begin with. Then why are you here? Because they told me to be here. I've got somebody just

outside that's coming to talk to you, but you just need to calm down. That's all, man. That's all. Can I say one thing first? I'll be calm. Okay. I'm calm. Please be calm. Okay. Look, I have been

protesting for the last six months, um, uh, help your people or legalize assisted suicide. And this is my cause to either help your people or legalize assisted suicide. And that's what the government needs to do one or the other. Because you can't have people like me suffering through life just because you can't get a home.

So that's what I'm fighting for, everything. And if you put me in a psychiatric war because I fight to legalize assisted suicide, because I ask for the needle, for the legal needle. If you put me in a psychiatric war, that's what you're asking for. That's what I'm asking for.

That's all my work. That's all my work. And if you do that, you're going to look stupid. I'm sorry, because I got a huge amount of work.

I'm a documentary filmmaker, a successful one, because I live a really crazy life, homeless, and I just film it, and I always end up doing really awesome work, and people know it. And I got a huge fan base. I wouldn't even say fan base, but that's irrelevant. If you want these people to help you, you can't come here and start making threats or demands of them.

I want to help. I understand everybody does. Everybody does. Most people have.

Everybody does. Like, what's the percentage of people that don't have homes? I don't know. It's not much.

It's not much. But I don't have family. You have a family that brought you up in a home. Yep.

And then you, you know, moved on to other homes and, you know, went through that life thing. But when I was, I was abandoned. What do you do? What do you do when you're abandoned when you're 15?

I don't know. Because I haven't been in that position. I'm 28. And I'm homeless.

And I've been, you know, through that whole time. I was homeless then, too. Like, I was abandoned. I'm a smart guy, really smart.

Weird, because I was abandoned. And it's like, now what am I supposed to do? I just want a home. And the thing is, I can't do private housing because it's too expensive.

And everywhere the government or services want to put me, people end up taking advantage of me. I just got wrong just a few weeks ago of $550 of my $650 paycheck. I mean, that's a lot of money. And then it's like, what am I supposed to do?

What am I supposed to do? I've gone through a lot. The last three years, like, it's been huge. I've been from Ballarat to Bacchus Marsh to, sorry, sorry, Melbourne to Bacchus Marsh to Ballarat to Creswick to Perth to Calamanda to Gold Coast to Byron Bay to Nimbun to Lismore and then to here.

And that's all trying to find a home. And the thing is, I've been here for one year because you've got to say, oh, you give me a home. I gotta get on the waiting list, you gotta get me home. But winter, last winter was so cold, so hard.

And then next winter, this winter, I was told by the minister's office to not move, I was going to move to Cairns. I was told not to move to Cairns because I can't do another winter. Are you going to remain calm like this if I'm going to grab someone to come and have a chat with you? Can you not put me in a psychiatric ward?

I'm not putting you in there. But you already said you would. handcuffed before because i didn't know what you had in your pockets and i was told you you'd hurt yeah well i was trying not to get out i'm a filmmaker actually i i put risk out look i'm not going to talk to you if you keep talking you're not going to talk to you you know i'm being very very reasonable with you all right sorry give me two seconds hi wendell how are you that's not a very good question no i know but just let me tell you i'm janice tess unfortunately isn't here and i believe you've seen her before yes she's very wonderful yeah well i'm a social worker as well so I can see you're pretty upset oh everything to be fixed in my life everything I just got a house yeah but that's going to be pretty impossible I'm gonna give you some information but trying to find a house at the moment in Canberra we've got a very high homeless population and unfortunately over the last 18 months the ACT government's changed the whole dynamics I can't refer you to a refuge I've got a you've got a refer self refer through first point I'm already on the waiting list yes I mean I'm being I'm about to be on the review for priority right here but priority unfortunately even though they say it's 12 weeks it might be longer than that so who are you linked into Street to home. Well who is somebody case managing you down there? Aaron. Well could

Aaron like... You guys already have the contacts everything? Right but I'm not in a computer at the moment so we're just having a chat. Do you know what I mean?

But this is what I would say to you. With Aaron it might be a really good idea to go and check in with him because that priority thing you need to be you need to be case-managed. Whoever you're working within a community organization needs to advocate on your behalf. It's all been trying to go through. The thing is, I was told by the minister's

office because the minister's office got involved because I got an interview with Katie Gallagher where she makes a fool of herself about homelessness. So the minister's office steps in and then pushes that. So now that's the reason I'm being under review for priority. But I can't keep doing this. I said, the minister's office told me not to move to Cairns. I was going

to move to Cairns because I can't do another winter here. And so they told me not to move to Cairns, so they said they would sort it out for me. And now I'm about to get another winter. Like, it was cold last night.

Right, so whereabouts did you start? I'm always in the mountain. Right, so you haven't thought. If they give me my stuff back, can I please have my stuff back?

The bag's just here. Wendell, just... Can you have it? I've got a laptop.

Right, Wendell, rather than going on the mountain, because you're open to a whole lot of other issues there. What about going up to Owensley Village or something? It's bad. I get taken advantage of.

I get walked all over. I just got robbed. I've been robbed over $2,000. Since I've been in camera, over $2,000.

People go, this is a guy who spends his life doing this philosophy, and we can just walk all over him because he won't do anything because he's just going to go, oh, that's sad that you did that, and walk away. So I don't stand up for myself. Claudia, well, the only other suggestion that's going to be available to you is either going down to the youth hostel or going to that whatever it's called over at Watson, that cheap motel. But there is a real problem here in Canberra, and you can say to me you want a house, but the bottom line is not everyone is going to get that accommodation.

It just doesn't work like that. Look, even though you talk about Katie Gallagher, it's not... I got her on video. But it's not her fault in the sense that this is a situation that's happened in this town, and it's very hard.

Because all the money is much better spent on these fireworks than actually... Well, you know, that's right. In 2013, you know, it's one very big year. But Wendell, what are you going to do now?

Well, I got all of this on footage, so I'll probably release it. And also, I got lots of really good footage, so I'll release that, too. But the thing is, I got to go from library to library to library to do this so I can charge my laptop so I can be a filmmaker for people because I'm homeless. Right, yes.

But where are you planning to stay tonight? It's always in the mountain. If you were doing my back, I will show you my home.

And, you know, I got a beautiful home. but but um I mean I can't keep doing this like well I've just made three suggestions to you Wendell yeah but they're not they're not yeah yeah but there's experience in the past that shows you that I don't get along at places like that there's evidence so yeah well I've also talked about youth accommodation and I've talked about that new one or whatever it's called over at if you feel you need to be there all but the suggestion that I would make this is my tent and this is last night this is what I got last night they're so cute and they hang out with me I don't have any friends this is my friend I've been here for one year so so this guy jumps on my tent actually there's a few of them i jump on my tent in the middle of the night wake up what just happened this guy just jumped on my tent so were you linked into any sort of mental health mental health no because every time they they try to medicate me and antipsychotics are bad antipsychotics are really bad they make me feel terrible when was the last time you saw me um well they saw me um about two months ago but when you talk about antipsychotics That's a matter of having a test run with doctors. Not every bit of medication is open to certain people. I have a whole lifetime of people putting medications on me, and medications don't work with me.

And seriously, I just need a home. Like, why are you medicating someone that just needs a home? But, Wendell, we've talked about it's going to be very difficult for you to find a place here in Canberra. I've given you three places.

That aren't good. That aren't good. At the end of the day, she's giving you options. At the end of the day, I should be in Cairns then, because...

Well, get a bus and go to Cairns. But then I'm not on the waiting list anymore. So I can't go to Cairns for the winter, because then I'll stop being on the waiting list. So I have to freeze through the winter here.

That's the answer. And I'll stay on the waiting list. Well, it's not going to be quick. I've just explained to you that there's a really serious issue here in Canberra.

A lot of people aren't aware of it, because it's a reasonably well- Then give me a home anywhere in Australia. I don't care. That's something that you're in the process of doing here in Canberra. I've explained to you you're not going to get that housing property straight away.

You do need to contact First Point. It's a place that you need to contact every day. It's bad. Why is it bad?

Because they don't help. They don't even care. Well, they're at their wit's end as well because they only have a certain amount of accommodation. Everybody keeps saying First Point.

first point first place it's ridiculous it's a joke it is a joke if you'd like like to speak to mental health I can tell you the hospital they might be able to arrange some other form of accommodation for you they might they might even pay for something they have mental health accommodation that's actually houses no every time I go to mental health they put an order on me because they don't think like everybody else and they have to learn who I am in order to get the order taken off because I spent my whole life studying they know who you are now because you're already on their system so they don't have to do all that again you're on the system because I spoke to them. So you want to put me in psychiatric care? No, I don't think that. I never want to be under psychiatric care. Our psychiatric model is a biomedical model of medicine. It follows the biomedical trace, which you can't do with the psychology because the psychology is structured so much differently to our bodies. So, you know, if I get a cut, you look at. You've been given three options? Yep. Terrible. The fourth one is you leave. Okay, so that's, but I was told to come here. So do I need to finish something?

Who actually told you that? I had an appointment. That's why I'm here. I had an appointment. Am I finished with that appointment?

I can't speak to the manager about that. Just hang on a minute. It's your phone number, man. What's it regarding?

You don't want to give it to me? I'll give it to you. 0415-601-872. But what's it regarding?

601-872. It's just in case you need to contact you. Or if your mental health wants to contact you. They have had dealings with you in the past and they wouldn't mind seeing you again, I would say.

I don't want to see them. I don't want to see them. Who? Which hill do you live on?

I'm not going to tell you. Mate, what are you doing, like, to help the situation yourself? You're putting in a lot of pressure on these guys to find your place, but have you done anything else yourself? Yeah, I've got 12 references.

Okay, I'm just asking. Yeah, heaps and heaps and heaps and heaps. There's heaps going on with housing. Like, I went to housing and I even protested at housing.

I protested at the Parliament House. I protested everywhere to try to get a house. What were you protesting, though? help your people or legalize assisted suicide and that's what needs to happen yeah um you don't have to see anyone it's all been sorted out for your idea okay then I guess I'm done here but I think it would be good if you were able to follow up with one of those service providers I think you don't know what it's like out there I think you're I mean you're a social worker and you help a lot of people sounds like you do but but you don't know what it's like you don't know I don't know what it's like at all. You had a home you were in life, or at least most of it.

Actually, Wendell, you don't know that, so that's our case. Do you know what it's like? Do you know what it's like? I don't need to answer.

Okay, well, there you go. There you go. Thanks very much, guys. Thank you. Thank you very much. Don't have to answer me.

Most of you will pay for the consequences of your actions in the fiery pit of Hades throughout your eternal damnation. But for the few who understand not only what I am doing, but why I'm doing it and what this cause is all about, let me show you how to destroy our systems. Let me show you how to reveal the chaos that makes them up. And let me show you how we can create systems that are actually worthwhile.

Because when you adhere to systems that oppress, you are just as evil.

Let's go study how to fix them.

Woohoo! Yay! I'm going to build a fort. It'll be way better than any house.

What do you got? What a weird thing. Making a fool of yourself. You know you got some real problems stalking people?

Apollo shines behind Diana's image with Zeus covering the sky. Zeus prepares the way for Apollo to shine light upon another city. but we will steal hell apollo's light that she reflects even when zeus covers over her hell diana artemis hell diana hell my queen hell my queen hell my queen hell my queen Hell Diana. Hell Diana, my queen. How would you eat an Oreo? This guy thinks he knows. He thinks he knows. He likes to sit on my tent. Oh, here we go. See if we can catch him. Oh, he's ran away. Oh, here he is.

I'm going to jump on my tent again, and again, and again, and again.

How do you do it? Can I not do it very well? Not very good?

That's what you sound like. Maybe different, but I tried.

One day I'm going to catch him right in it. I know he dug it. I see a shadow, and he jumps on there, and he walks all along here.

There's another one.

Oh, this one hasn't eaten yet. come here i'm not gonna leave this out for you do you want it where's the other guy there's a few of you around huh huh huh huh lucky you didn't bite me dude you went right right for my finger but you didn't chomp down but you put your teeth on my finger oh that was so good you had to run away with that one well that's uh what a possum does with an oreo one day i'm gonna bust these guys catch them red-handed gotta be smooth yeah testing digital zoom is this focus in or out it doesn't make much sense I gotta learn how to use it but I can hold that a lot like it's not so up and down see that's in the middle this is a guide thing tell me there it's digital after this see see how it's gone digital so it's analog before that but uh i don't know why the focus isn't working i think i play around settings maybe it's in a setting so fast just gonna leave the camera on el zeus may our human technology dance with you they're so fast so hard to catch birds It's a bird. It's a whole bunch of planes.

I can't even see it on the camera. I have to look.

Hail Apollo. For Apollo holds Zeus.

He is showing us the way to God. These clouds are so cool.

The lights on. Put your hands up if you're going high.

Need some light this way. It's too dark.

Turn all the lights on. all the lights on need some light this way it's too dark turn all the lights on oh it's raining and it's cold and i wasn't prepared for this and i think the sky show something i don't know i didn't know this was gonna happen it's been thundering lots and lightning and raining and i'm cold i don't have a jacket oh i got a cigarette but i don't have a lighter it's in my tent so what's the point of a cigarette at without a lighter i knew there was big planes but i didn't know they were going to do fireworks i was too busy doing other stuff to to take note of what was happening i just recorded some of it

freezing my tent's so warm so cold we can change the view a little bit just by stepping back we get higher i think i had a good view i think that silhouette looks cool and i can position it a little bit to go with the fireworks i'm trying not to shake the camera because i'm shaking it's so cold need a jacket in my tent if i only had another person i only had a comrade only had a oh not that symbol again oh simple haunts me okay okay we can see the smoke I didn't play with any camera settings what happened. It doesn't matter. I got all of it because I only managed to to Heard heard it starting. I guess I didn't get the first few ones but uh first few ones just tell you it's starting

Okay, okay What were we doing now? Let's find out what actually happened what that was my camera's a bit wet but I just found out that that was the Australian war memorial opening which is why I caught some cool footage today with planes but there's a lot more but I didn't have time to do that because I have a war to continue so that wasn't on my agenda today but we saw the fireworks of it and it was very appropriate considering this is now the end of the Iliad so I hope you caught the metaphors and allegories that I used throughout all that and and I enjoyed doing it even though it's hard always is and and I thank you for your attention if you gave it and thank you very much about okay so that was the fireworks to the Australian War Memorial opening day which we've been to before but we couldn't go to the event even though we saw some of the planes go by because we were working and that is the perfect place to finish this production song of wind and I hope you enjoyed it and I hope you caught on to all of the metaphors and allegories that were used there there's a lot of them and we have three readings we got through this whole thing's been in threes all around the board threes so the first one is of course the Iliad by Homer and the second one is is thus spoke Zarathustra or spake it depends on how you interpret it but I don't think that's really a big point anyway and and the third one is bullfinch's mythology and we've done some of that we've read some of that I I mean, we read some, probably most of these books, not the Iliad, before in our past work. So you'll be familiar with them, but it's the whole book this time. And they're really good books, so I hope you enjoy them.

And when we're transitioning between any types of different scenes, then there's ways to personalize those transitions to your individual self, which you'll be proud of throughout your career or your life. so as we close the production we think about how we're going to portray its ending I love you humanity


༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
https://republicka.life
https://kkk.education
CC0 PUBLICKÁ DOMÁNIA
ALL LOVE RESERVED
AMORIARIACKA IS MY NATIVE TONGUE
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
