༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
🧮 1984 🧮
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻

June 27, 2013

1984 is a multi-part, stream-of-consciousness autobiographical and philosophical video project created by Wendell Charles NeSmith in Canberra, Australia. Structured around classical mythology—referencing figures such as Apollo, the Muses, Zeus, and the Titans—as well as personal reflections and astronomical observations, the work serves as a practical, open-source archive documenting the creator's artistic and technical processes. Throughout the book, NeSmith guides the audience through behind-the-scenes video editing in Sony Vegas, audio formatting, digital coding, and guerrilla filmmaking while wandering urban Canberra, dealing with local police encounters, and detailing his philosophy on education, character development, and societal alienation. Addressed intimately to an idealized muse and future partner termed his "Ivory," the piece functions both as an unfiltered confessional diary and as an open educational experiment demonstrating how an individual can turn lived experience and digital media into an expansive narrative.

Happy Birthday!


------


07-1984-Book-00-Trailer

This is our heart. This is my heart.

It's time.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



07-1984-Book-01-I-Enlightenment

have to do it all again because we rethink our naming conventions and it's at this point that we realize that we need to bring out the big guns the contrast isn't right find a more appropriate backdrop it'll do for what it needs to be how hard is this one i can't even see what it looks like

see this vague outline with weird colors i see green blue orange a little bit red what instruments can you make I'm going to destroy all pop stars seven string I figured out this is how the people take over the world seven string line still working on that one but the big workers these are buggy but look it's still good believe how much work that was but I got it ready to publish last one Aristotle's ethical question so you had the best liar in the world and what do you do with it his solution was to give the best crafted liar to the one who can play the best music with that liar so I'm gonna flip that and and I guess the same rules apply except for technology but when the world's best liar player figures out how to enable everybody to have that liar then that question no longer makes sense so let's move on to technology who are we going to give all this technology to you should give it to me because I can make awesome things out of it and and uh and who are you gonna give your hearts to you can you should give it to me too because i can also make awesome things out of that one more thing to do okay so this template that we built right here last night from scratch actually um which we've been planning on doing this for a long time uh we had to get better at coding um and i did last So eventually those are going to take over these, so I don't have to use Google Sites, so I'll just use normal HTML. Don't rely on places like this, I just did that because I didn't have time to learn what I needed to learn, but I've been learning how to do this for a long time, I just never did it so when it all came very quickly when when I did that but there's going to be a lot of things to come I mean there's there's so much potential with this sort of things now that we have these devices and I've been thinking about how to do this for 10 years now because I've been waiting for this technology and now that I got this technology I'm entirely portable and I have as many instruments as I want so and I'll tell you about that story actually okay I've been avoiding this because it's something it's a loose end I gotta wrap up and I was gonna do a performance like I told you I would but I decided I wouldn't I guess the performance really happened automatically but you see there the I changed the picture because I realized what happened but see that those two channels right there are the only ones that got audio so I tried to do 5.1 and only the top two channels got audio but I got the whole video of both of it so but I couldn't do anything I needed it needed to come out that day and and I'll show you you gotta see you gotta see because I never wrap this up and I was thinking about how to present this to you but I think I think this is probably the best way sports news yeah I think that's it it's not that's the other one there's a video that I want you to see I haven't even watched the video to be honest I just watched I just I just knew what the video was about I was gonna watch it but maybe it's better just to watch it with you because I was gonna do a performance about it but there's no need to do a performance if uh if you see it if you just see it let's try this one results previews probably wasn't it and like me recording this right now is that really a bad thing i'm kind of showing you how to search and how to look for things um people don't really do that they're not showing you what they're doing why they're doing it they're giving you an end result and and then you get confused like how you don't know what they went through to do that so what are they really like seriously okay and our internet is slow so we got to pause it for a while but that's okay I got other stuff to show you so this is the directory structure that I'm using this is on the server you'll see with Dreamweaver here I can connect to the server here you know that little connect button right there um and i'll connect and then i can upload i'll show you later like once it does it but this is the code you can use that look through it and edit it or you can actually edit it here in the code window and here's the directory structure so this is the basic things i got and there's a few things i need to add but i got to to hunt around for stuff so I got the harps there and you obviously know those and I can just keep on adding I'll add lots and lots of harps there and it's still going and I use this thing I use putty it's called putty and you'll have to learn how to do this this This is a Linux server and you've probably already seen it but basically I log into the server here and then I use the console to do permissions and you've seen me do some things but yeah there's a lot of permission stuff you'll have to learn and really it's trial and error, at least that's how I did it. See this notes directory, that's what this Dreamweaver thing does and I don't know, what is that? I don't know. Okay, a screenshot phone. It's telling, like I don't even have

that screenshot. That's not even hooked in. That's just saying that those two files are there. That's not even right. I gotta fix that. I don't know. Because see, that's not

even there anymore. I don't know. This is so weird. I don't know. I just work, I like

to work with the index file, which is there. And that's the one that I opened up earlier. that links to these so I can and that's the index right there and see this SWF it can be stretched to any size and if you make it smaller it'll go quicker and and you can set turntables up all around so I just got to figure out how to embed multiple ones in one document and put them smaller and it's like even Even the tiny ones are really cool, but you can't be 100% accurate with those. But you can still strum and stuff like that.

And if you know how, if you practice at it, it will get really good. Like you could set up, you know, one, two, three, four, five, maybe six turntables of all different harps. And each one could have like different things. So I have my drums over here or whatever.

And so I have like a whole orchestra here at my fingertips. tips. And I might be able to do that more. I might be able to do three here, then one across there, and then three here, and then one across there. And that gives me lots and

lots of sounds. And I'll record these sounds from a lot of live situations, really. Yeah, it's still recording good. Okay, so that'll be fun. It'll be really fun. I mean, that

And every single thing that I make, that I use, I'll release it as something. And then other people can do that and I'll have lots of cool sounds, I mean we're about to open up. This is what open sourcing the world is all about, this is the code guys, let's do it. Still looking for the video, should have just gone straight to YouTube to begin with.

Three minutes, that's okay. Nine months ago? Okay, I think this is it. March, April, May, is this not?

Swans, no. I should have just done it. I was too busy. I should have just done it when I had it.

It's all gone now, because stuff like that doesn't stay around. This will have to do. That could be a noise. It's my stomach.

This will have to do. It's so funny, because everything always proves my point. So how long is this video going to last? And you know, how long are these videos going to last, you know?

It was just like a month ago and I can't find anything now, so... So odd. So odd. Oh, we got something.

This is on Football Nation. So, there's a few... What do we want? We want kind of highlights.

Let's see. That'll be the last one. Well, it's going to work. I wonder how long this video will stay around.

Okay, so they don't have the final moment? They don't have the final moment? I'll keep looking, I'll show you if I find one. Nope, they don't show the ending.

But instead, I'll show it for you. Because when the sun passes from the abysmal distance that it is away from us, it shines its light very far and we receive it and all the Giants who think that they are better than the Sun will always get blackened out. I can go both ways depending on how I want to use it. I don't know.

I can use it like whatever, whatever. Add more. I'll just add a whole bunch. Keyboards.

Everything helps. I would prefer to take man out, but it won't let us, because there's only one character. You go over here, you go control A, it copies all of this, selects all of this, then you control C to copy. then you go, it's already saved, so then you go up here, then you go video manager, and then you edit, we still have to write descriptions for every single one of these, I'm not going to involve you in that process, I think I'll just do that over producing 1984 the descriptions, So, I go in there, and let's go CTRL A, so it selects, oops, CTRL A, CTRL V, paste them all in.

Okay, and I got the exact amount of characters I can use, so I'm really utilizing that. The only thing that would make the SEO better is the description there, but that's okay. It all takes time. Like, I'm still producing stuff that is way back.

So, we leave that, we just have the first one that has music. We just go through every single one of them, all 13, because we got 13 strings, we're always going through 13 strings, so we gotta just keep doing it, keep doing it. I use these and these to pin up posters around the world that say stuff like free education I have my information on it and everything I do and all of my investments. Not one.

I've been traveling my whole life and this is the worst place that I've ever been. I've gone through boxes and boxes of these. Two instruments to send mother and one instrument to donate to my music appreciation. With universal power.

A care package for my mentor. And we'll even give him the solution because we ensure the safety and security of every loved one within our lives. Have that too. A package for the first man, our solar friend.

And something for Vinnie's to pass on to Goodwill. Alright, this right here is where this video needs to be. I think that method will work really well, that way you don't have to worry when it comes to it. I'm going to be swapping over to this camera, because this camera is really screwed up.

I'll try to use it to finish this production, but as you can see, it's really weird, it It just gets worse and worse. It goes off. You can't do anything there. You have to use it.

I don't mind that so much. Right now the color is good right now. It's good but it doesn't do that all the time. Most of the time it doesn't do that.

Most of the time it's really screwed up. Right now it's really cool so I can show you how the camera works. This camera is so much better than this other one. I'm going to try to figure out how to light this camera that I'm using right now.

So what shots can we see like this, see what I see, it's so hard to do this because usually I can just have this thing flipped like this, so I can't even, yeah oh cool I'll figure out techniques for everything, just rest it on there you see, I usually can go like that and just see there and that way I can angle it really cool, by doing my, that's kind of difficult. But it's kind of cool that you can see how cool this zoom is. See, like, right there. Like, look how much it's zooming in. So it zooms in more. Oh, it zooms in more. Oh, you see, okay.

We can look around. Look upstairs. I don't know how long this camera has on it, but I'm hoping it'll give me a few more days. Look at the door. Look how far it's in here. Let's use digital zoom on that little sign thing because we're just playing around being stupid.

Yeah, you see it's gone back to that weird color thing. Weird, stupid. Look at the lenses. Lenses are so interesting.

But as you can tell, we're hacking up everything. So this is how I'm going to be using it. So I've got all my stuff here, my desktops here. I'm doing all my stuff here, but I always have this on the side. So I can be doing whatever I want. If I hear a noise or whatever, this is really made for education and really kind of educating me so I can then learn the

the tones, really, the tones of the notes. So if I hear something in the background and I'm not sure what tone it is, and hearing these tones again and again and again and seeing them, and not just that, you're going to associate these letters with, I have it closed, it doesn't matter, it's broken. But you're going to associate these letters, If we train people in music this way to begin with, I would do so much better starting off with something like this because then I hear the tones and I recognize the tones with these letters instead of, like, they never did this. so like I can even you know yeah yeah you can zoom in places so we'll zoom in here you know and and now we got 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 9 strings instead of the 13 so and it's so easy just best doubles happening yet but um you can even do it you know you think you think someone after they'll learn this song you think they're gonna learn the names of the notes and it's so easy to like all I got to do I want to swap instruments I just gotta go back and go here like this is online for everybody so every single person in the world now has this set up who has the internet without realizing I mean they it's all set up you gotta activate the notes activate all the notes we got multiple tabs that's why it's okay and see this will pop up it's just waiting for the image there we go see now we got some of these like I'm not sure if I really like like a few of those that probably those three like kind of all the other ones are good but but I mean they still work you just gotta find its what it sounds good with it's because I had to put those up they weren't original this that came out well I'm gonna keep everything like every single one I'm gonna keep as it is like because this is what it went through you know if I want if I want different strings if I want you know I don't I'm not gonna upgrade this guy ever he's exactly how he needs to be and I made him that way on purpose and and I'm just gonna get new instruments so hopefully eventually or I will eventually I'll get different strings lyre strings like it's just such a beautiful instrument this is so mesmerizing I mean I'm gonna I'm gonna be so addicted to this I am so addicted to this it's so cool I can't yeah I'm saying it's cool to record this I like because this is so awesome oh people don't realize you don't realize like every that's everything with my work everything with my work. People miss everything. But eventually, people are going to see. Because

you can do things like, if you want to get used to two, strumming two. I skipped one, that's hard to do. See, two. There you can skip one. There you can do three. See the

all the way see the way i touch this and if i can get used to you know what i like happening so i like to and sometimes when it skips like that too but we got i got two fingers i got four fingers here and and i got lots of different areas and see i can use these associations to to

to mark for stuff and if i learned to so the association if i learned to swing my finger in the right way to produce the right effect so if i see i can do it again and again and again

strong if you if you want to be able to strum you can still see i'm only doing one but i'm going through because i need to get the rhythm the rhythm with my whole my whole hand everything everything and the thing is is i can set this up many different ways and to be honest i i like I like single pics too it's so beautiful I could set up see i could set up one layer here wire here and then maybe do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do get a little drum set I'll get it it'll all happen but you totally get the point you totally get the point And if you don't, then I'm sorry, you've got some problems. I'm going to leave it up, because that's all I have to do to get to any instrument that I want, but we'll make sure we get to the right one.

Okay, here's the keyboard experience.

Actually, I'll give this back to the first man, too, because he gave it to me. And since I don't really need it anymore, it was fun. It's kind of too small, to be honest. This thing doesn't pop up. I tried to play around with it. That's at its very end. Yeah, it's at its very end. So it's too small here. If it was like up here it would be okay. But it's not good for my back.

And to be honest, the bag I'm going to have, it wouldn't be good for me to be able to do this right now, at least where I am, because I need to get saddled before I think about getting transportation again. Reading number one, The Odyssey by Homer. Look at the angles, and I'll string it. So easy, even a child could do it.

That's it. I figured out a way to accomplish everything, but I've got to finish. This is it. This is the end of 1984, all done backwards, and I hope you learned how to do it.

Your second reading is yourself, and you get that now because you're getting it flipped. So I guess you've got the whole production to think about that, but your third reading you'll get at the end of the series, and it'll accomplish everything that I've been attempting to accomplish, or everything I've been wanting to accomplish with the end of this production. and you'll get it.

You have not yet forgotten your cunning hearts. So spake Zeus in anger, whose wisdom is everlasting, and from that time he was always mindful of the trick, and would not give the power of unwearying fire to the Melian race of mortal men who live on the earth. But the noble son of Iopetus outwitted him and stole the far-seen gleam of unwearying fire in a hollow fennel stalk. Zeus who thunders on high was stung in spirit, and his dear heart was angered when he saw amongst men the far-seen ray of fire.

Forthwith he made an evil thing for men as the price of fire, for the very famous limping god formed of earth the likeness of a shy maiden as the son of Kronos willed. And the goddess bright-eyed Athene girded and clothed her with silvery raiment, and down from her head she spread with her hands a broidered veil, a wonder to see, and she, Pallas Athene, put about her head lovely garland. flowers of new-grown herbs also she put upon her head a crown of gold which the very famous limping God made himself and worked with his own hands as a favor to Zeus his father on it was much curious work wonderful to see four of the many creatures which the land I just play around I've just done so much okay so I hope you enjoy all the rest of me if you actually watch them or don't watch or whatever but to get all of this there's a whole bunch of stuff that I just had to go through, and I think it would be kind of interesting doing it backwards, doing it backwards, and I've got to learn a lot more before I can do what I'm about to do, so that's why. And the thing is that just by producing it, I'm going to do all that, and then at the very end I can give you the best final reading as I can possibly give you, and I can give you a really good one that will really help a lot of people or at least like give the background stories to this to a lot of people and you know I'm showing you how to be an awesome storyteller like that's all you need you know you just get your instruments you You know, I'll have a drum set here, I'll have like four, I'll set up, you know, four here, I'll set up one across here, and, you know, as I tell my stories, and I can, you know, pull the strings back and then shoot, because there's just so many ways to do it.

And, you know, I have to go a week without these right here. So, you know, what am I going to do? What am I going to do? Should I pull it back?

And can I aim it right? Can I aim it right? Let's see if we can line it up.

And did we get the target? I think we got the target. But I'm going to watch out for these guys right here.

Hope I love you. Hope I love you. Oh, Hulk loves you. That's right, Hulk loves you.

Hulk isn't very smart, but he's funny. He acts like you're smart. And eventually he becomes smart because he acts like it. But he loves you, and that's why he does all this for you.

He gives it all for you. The whole crap big car. The whole crap big car. The whole idiot.

The whole crap big car. Yay, we always leave presents for ourself. Goodbye. You!

We're almost done. Just collecting all the data. Tying up loose ends. That's my dad.

People out there and we all overlook they're just a product. In schools, people know people cut. People know people are suicidal. People know people are bad. They let them. They're being cussed out. I'll come out of their problems. I'll check.

This is why I do everything that I do. This is my coin for you. Because my heart has a lot of love, and if I have to spend the rest of my life hurt crying with us, crying with you, that's what it has to be, because that was what I was built for.

I'll show you what it means to give a life to everybody. For she attends on worshipful princes, whomsoever of heaven nourished princes, the daughters of great Zeus honor, and behold him at his birth. They pour sweet dew upon his tongue. Yet, when a singer, the servant of the muses, chants the glorious deeds of men of old and the blessed gods who inhabit Olympus, at once he forgets his heaviness and remembers not his sorrows at all, but the gifts of the goddesses soon turn him away from these.

LL 104-115 Hail, children of Zeus Grant lovely song and celebrate the holy race of the deathless gods who are forever Those that were born of earth and starry heaven and gloomy night in them that grimy sea did rear Tell how it the first gods in earth came to be And rivers, and the boundless sea with its raging swell And the gleaming stars, and the white heaven As it spread abroad, and the peaks of snowy Olympus resound, and the homes of the immortals And they uttering their immortal voice, celebrating song first of all the reverent race of the gods from here beginning, Those whom earth and white heaven begot, and the gods sprung of these, give us the good things. Our first joint project will be to do this with the Symposium by Plato. How much he is the most excellent among the gods and supreme power. They were swept away over the main a long time, and a white foam spread around them from the immortal flesh, and in it their cruel maiden.

First, she drew near Holy Sephira, and from there, afterwards, grass grew up about her beneath her shagely feet. Happy birthday, Jenna. This day last year, I launched Open Source University, which was in honor of your birthday. And this year, I finish my biggest production yet, 4891, also in honor of your birthday.

I know you won't talk to me, but I'll still love you for the rest of your life. Even though you might not return those sentiments, you were an important part of my life for over 10 years. And you're never going to get rid of me.

I mean, you already have, but if you ever watch my stuff, then I'll always respect you in that. But I'm not looking for my ex-wife. I'm looking for my ivory. I'll find you, girl, and then I'll save you, and then we'll save the world together.

Here's your milk.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



07-1984-Book-02-II-Mousai-of-Education

But now we must go to our music appreciation. Joystick's hard. I like it there. Use the joystick.

Where are we looking? Missed it. C C C E E C B A B C D E E E E E Hair got my mouth. How many notes did I capture there?

These are on the 80's. These ones, they're always born. You know, that's on the street. Next one up.

Moore Street's the first one on the Sun Street. The driller doesn't work very well in this situation, do this. And after a year of rejection, Canberra will want to associate its name with me, but I will not let it. Ooh, help me.

If I do the other side like that, do you? Now she's running beautifully. When you first get it, she's always a bit funny. She tastes a bit used to, too.

Each one's a bit different. I don't have a less little tape. I'll put some on when I get it. We'll find out tomorrow.

Do you know that feeling that you get when you might have just missed a big opportunity because you weren't prepared to take the risks necessary in order to achieve it? Yeah, I don't know that feeling.

Bells are coming.

Yep, different ones. Different bells.

Different tones.

There'll be many more.

There's bells all around the world.

Music.

I'm showing you all magic in the process. How to do magic. It's how you do magic. Tune the joystick.

What sounds could I get if I was right next to the bells? Coordinate oneself with their surroundings. On the desired target, just a video game. Even a child can do it.

My cerebral, my cerebral burn myself. How good is this? Just a slice of cheese in red. It's so good.

Ow, ow, look at that. mmm it's next to long it is finished good job dude how can I be the best teacher in the world by teaching everybody how to teach themselves make sure you get all of it zoom in all the way yes just get like straight from from it so you get okay so where did it start you see that's just a bit of noise that's good when you're not sure take the prettiest one it's usually the prettiest one anyway so often you do it right the first time grab your room noise listen to it backwards and then flip your life around one's for you girl we'll decide that we like the background noise so we'll keep it in there but remember this is open source. We changed our mind. Looking for my crowns. Looking

for my crowns. Because one person is always the one that saves the world. How many times do I have to show you? Time to sort through everything I have to both pack it up and to find my crowns. Let's dance. We need to bring out our big guns.

Jump on it. Fall off because I'm looking through the camera. Jump on it. Or should I say my joystick?

My joystick. Jump on it. Jump on it. Where you should be looking, dear girl.

It's been created. Get it lined up well. Let's screw that up. I think I did.

Still a little bit of work, but you get the idea. Let's see. Let's see if I shot the arrow. Oh, this camera's about to die entirely.

He's doing weird things. I'm gonna have to bury this camera soon. But this stuff just happens to me and all I got to do is align myself with nature and it always turns out how it needs to. And even though you might do crazy things to get there, it's always perfect. It always is.

Still learning. Z simple. Flam. Always change your passwords.

And change the permissions. If we're lucky. We will find a programming error. There's something with that.

We just coded it. We just fixed the bugs. And it's better just to go to the SWF instead of the HTML. Um.

So. Let's do it. everything's about to come together, everything's about to come together and we put the pieces together okay so it's not working and I think I know why because see that's 12 volt input not sorry that's not 12 volt input that's 12 volt output so that's supposed to be going out so that's why it's not working what we really need is the metal version of this which It looks like, oh, I might be able to do it, I might be able to do it. So then we can convert it, no, nothing's, that's not.

So we'll need, what do we need, we'll need to look out for this cable right here. Can't see anything on this thing, oh, it's like all colored, it's all my colors. I wonder if it's good footage, yeah. the hardware.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



07-1984-Book-03-III-Mistress-of-the-Labyrinth

Today, we will reflect over everything we've just done, over everything we've just been through, over everything we've just captured, and over everything we're about to do. Poseidon will wash away the filth of our human existence. D E F G Learning how to use technology Harvest the hearth We must choose which seeds Because it will affect the overall performance We must look for wisdom in many areas In order to shoot the right arrow Frame it right to our queen royalty must respect the peacock because my friends this is the song that we first have to gain and after complete dispersion it starts to come back together Kronos father of time purifies the elements and this enables Gaia our mother to flourish and from her bones in which we threw behind us let's start at the altar cancer find the queen educate everybody

she will give us another chance things stupid try again what we just got to use the right device uh recording again is it i just gotta do things the real way i can't believe it did this thing more class time try with chrome this button wasn't here before Now we're using Chrome, that's why. You have to re-upload it again. Am I not human? Am I not human enough for you?

Let's see if I can be human. Actually, do the math. It was the question. I'm stupid.

Okay. That was fine. I thought it was one of those capture things. Cookies?

No, they're gone. I can't rename the uploaded file. Oh, what's so wrong? Recomposing music, playing it, And then getting it to recognize how musical of a world do we live in?

Most people don't realize unless everybody doesn't realize all these tones that are just in our background It's not there. You know I could be rich if I only sold my skills But I wanted to be richer than all of you. I did it again. I referenced someone else other than you and And to be honest, I've done a lot of thinking about this lately.

And I think I do need to convey my feelings to other entities to you for you to know who I am the best. So I'm going to try to refine myself so I can convey that to you without speaking to those other entities. and i won't follow this format every single time because i gotta be honest girl there's uh other people in this world that i need to talk to and even though most likely they won't they won't respond or they won't know or they won't understand or anything you know i have a history behind me and I got a lot of people that I need to I need to convey messages to and if it's just you know I love you or whatever then that's good enough and and by me doing this ultimately you'll learn who I am the best so it's not necessarily a bad thing as long as I don't have malice when I do it. I've been through a lot and it's made me really bitter, so I've got to figure out how to fix that. But by me expressing what's most important to me, to the people that

are most relevant to receive it, I think that will teach you who I am the best. So even though this is to you, this is to other people too, and I think that doing it that way is going to be the best for you to know who I am, and ultimately be able to help me with the things that I struggle with in life, because all the people that I talk to don't care, it's not important to them, but I know it's important to you, and if we can work on these things together then uh we can we can work for our entire existence and not just ourselves

you're the coping mechanism that i needed to get through to society but this will cause every viewer to second guess whether or not i'm good for their children but few of you will say yes and this will enable me to find my girl and when I find her she will be disturbed but clean. How much skill do you think this takes? How do you move your arms around to get the best shot? How do you play this game? What was this

joystick? I'm telling you my joystick is pretty awesome. Courage gets confused sometimes about to fix the last part because when we understand music we will no longer need the things that help us get there and we will sift through the trash and treasure and figure out methods to record it and we will find the second most important receipt we will go through many pairs of headphones this is what we had to find out we've moved on no longer starting anything we very started



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



07-1984-Book-04-IV-BulOvids-Mythology

and the earth was not divided from the sky. A discorded mass, Uranus and Gaia are primal gods made together. But Uranus did not appreciate his children and cast them into the darkest corners of Tartarus. But this caused our mother great pain, so she taught her children the Titans.

how to rebel and win against their father with a flinch knife just remember that this is only to get you to here which will then get you a file at the end after you produce it which then will get you to here which then we'll get you to here we'll stop that because I don't want to get in trouble for copyrights and how much can we say without saying anything at all getting ready for it please God give me the heart and soul to be able to do this. Time to sharpen. Our mother hands the blade to Cronus, youngest of the titans, and with the sickle he castrates his father. Thus the shapeless mass begins to take form. A convertible lotta, a skip. Unity is discorded by the laws of itself, and thus begins

another cycle. The particles settled and gravitated towards one another and land was divided from the heavens and the waters and the substances that are of like nature come together but the unique traits in every single atom produced great diversity and the moistures settle into solid formations and we are then given something strange called life and then the powers beyond we know not which do their magic inform what we see in front of us and as our mother bears life to new children a guardian was needed to look after them. The Titan Epimetheus was given the responsibility to provide all living creatures with the faculties necessary to preserve itself. But when it came to man, he had given all of these traits to other creatures. So then, Prometheus was required

So then Prometheus was required to step in to provide a way for mankind to preserve itself while taking care of the planet. So Prometheus broke into heaven to steal fire and bring it back to man. Now that man had fire, they were more than a match for any problems that they might come across. The most divine gods overthrew the most fierce of monsters and claimed their counsel.

Before the earth had provided without us needing to cultivate anything, but then the seasons went from one. And each of the gods of the council give their gifts to humanity, which produces a mother, the first female human. But she lived with Epimetheus, and he had all of the ingredients he used to create the world and develop the world around him. And Pandora came upon a jar and wanted to see what was in it and she opened it and all came out the ills of our psychology and we had to get through those ills in order to get the hope at the bottom.

order to do that we have to take the walk and we must act on this stage of life. Can you see it well enough? How good is my vision? It speaks for itself. It's called

philosophy. Learn it. Thank you guys for this footage. Oh it's beautiful. The screen's dying.

It's dying. This camera's dying. I'm not gonna do that flip thing anymore. Okay. I'm not gonna

do that flip thing anymore. The screen's dying. It's dead. I think, uh, can I do it? I can't

see it anymore. It's like purple and I'm going to show some other camera. I can't even see that. The colors are all messed up on it on my LCD screen. Okay, so the screen now only

works on its side. I'll show that later. It's kind of funny. So I'm not going to snap it clothes anymore we must convene because after we take the last bite of that apple we will be free but we have bridges to walk over before we can obtain such things i can't do the screen i gotta be like this i'm doing i can't i can't see here because our desire to be godlike will make us this way and we will have to pray very hard and the time will come to stand up to who we are as people and accept our destiny so awkward with this camera i think i'm doing well though i mean looking or i have to be on the side like that we'll come to our destination that my joystick and the lens of life will alter our vision we'll see and we must learn how to live under the rules of the gods, or be destroyed by them.

For time created both the best and worst in existence. And everybody had to choose a side. And the better our technology gets to understand the world around us, the more we both grow and deteriorate as people. And the more our selfish desires get to us, the more oppressed we become.

We reference understandings, but no longer comprehend them. We go around and around, not truly knowing what we're doing. Father can no longer trust son, nor daughter, mother. The family breaks down.

We play cruel games with each other that discourage equality. We begin to break down. We create methods to record information, and the better we get at it, the more we develop as individuals and as a society. But we get lazy and abuse the technology for selfish reasons, and this brings about disastrous results.

For we found the treasures of the earth and mined them and from precious minerals we developed methods to protect them and as a result we used those precious minerals to build our weapons. And this angers the gods and then they destroy us. But there will be a small family of art builders that will be saved.

Thank you. We are the last ones standing among the clouds.

Mighty Jove will part them to smile at us. But there will be so few and we will be so lonely. For how are this small number of individuals to restart the human race? The Oracle will tell us to leave this place and cast behind us the bones of our mother.

Because Prometheus formed individuals that will overcome their problems or die trying.

Because as we turn the page, our vision becomes clearer.

And our environment will in time interpret the riddles for us. I can't line me up anymore. Learn how to treat our mother with respect and she will save us. and it was made upright to stare into the stars batteries about to die bells will ring ting-a-ling-a-ling let's go save our game my mother purchased this camera for me she gave me the sight that it has and I learned how to use that site to integrate into my own site, which ironically she also gave me.

Let this be a lesson to you to not use LCD cleaner products at all, because now I can't use it like I used to. I have to use it like a game, like a controller, but it's kind of cool doing it like that and no one knows because they just go on a device and I don't know unless I make it obvious sometimes I do but it's hard because I can't zoom because I have to be on the side to zoom and I don't know why why did I do that stupid thing I was trying to take care of it oh okay I just found a flaw and I want to show you this and what it means because you probably won't know what it means but I take this flaw very seriously and I will learn from my errors. You know I'm kind of scared of people especially in Canberra you know like he okay so there's this guy he looks like he is he struggling with the bike is he I know he's not he's broke down but is he struggling with it what can I do what could I do and other people try to do something but I mean should I have done something there? It was funny because I was talking about the change of the ages so it was really interesting because that's a flaw in my character and I should have been there to do something about it and I caught that problem right on camera and it slapped me in the face so thank you for that lesson.

The focus is on scenery, this game is time. And we will always remember, for our mother has the biggest heart in the world. I need to respect what just happened, so I'm not going to push anything to finish this production. In the three days, I think I had those three hours in my mind to do this.

uh so i i need to have my communion this is to you mother we thought maybe chrome would be better this thing is mesmerizing and we can travel through journeys from minerva to demeter to vulcan and hestia mercury the bunnies my friends Hades, the task bias in the way of Hades. We can fix that, I think. Down to the house of Hades. With Diana on both sides, at least her reflection.

Smoking cigarettes. Shooting the arrow. Shooting the arrow again. And again. And again. And again. And again.

And Apollo always in the middle But my queen My queen Imagine if I get real liar of Apollo sounds Crown Point, Indiana All the way to the heart of Australia I love you mom I love you And the storm will come With life What does it all mean? And after we install updates, we will have to

Find the power button. There we go Where I started It does that. It's weird We will have to

Pass out



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



07-1984-Book-05-V-Comic-of-Thalia

Please listen up dear girl because I'm about to tell you some stuff that your parents aren't gonna like Like I was saying I'm about to tell you some stuff that your parents aren't gonna like and that is regarding substances So That's regarding stuff like this It's not just stuff like this. It's regarding drugs. It's regarding all different types of drugs and even medication that the doctor prescribed. It's talking about all types of really recreational type drugs and by recreational I mean what's medicinal and what's recreational and what how much is recreational medicinal and I mean what are we talking about here if it gets us through like we need to stop trying to divide these things. We as humans box everything up and they don't work like

that um but but the thing is that we're in a world full of unstable characters and when unstable characters get their hands on stuff like this then they demonstrate that instability into our results or scientific results and they screw everything up but when you have characters that are of a sane of rational mind and I'm not and I'm not talking about rational in the way that our society understands it I'm talking about it and really understanding what's going on I mean no and you've seen clearly I've shown everything and people don't realize what's going on and they don't care they don't care so how rational is that let's let's uh let's flip what we understand to be rational and uh and tonight we're gonna we're gonna do it the Bacchus way and I'm gonna show you you know what you need to do is you need to look at look at what I'm doing um look at what's coming out of me look at how it's coming out look at how much I'm drinking I'm gonna be showing you and uh and then really consider uh you know what what it is that we're doing like how bad is this if we only learn how to control it and not let it control us and that's what like always going through my mind um every time there's a substance in front of me is really what is it doing to me and how is it making me be and uh and how do I want that in my life and if if I don't then is it the drug that's a problem or is it something with me that needs to look the situation differently and um and you know things like the symposium my my favorite uh which you gotta read if you haven't read it you gotta read it you gotta know what i'm talking about when i talk about these things when i reference these things you gotta know what i'm talking about um but like the symposium so socrates you know all these guys were drinking and socrates uh drinks again and everybody knows socrates is going to be of um the same direction uh drinking and he's And he's not going to appear to everybody else as being what they understand as drunk. But I'm sure Socrates, in his own mind, is very happy and content in what he's doing. Because he understands the structure of his own mind. And these things right here aren't going to affect that.

And I'm not saying it's not going to affect your motor skills. But in some ways, it's not like... I've done, you know, drunken boxing, they call it. but I've done that for for years I did that and the thing is I did it because you gotta take it to I did it to take it to its extreme and I got I had problems as a result of this but I took it to its extreme a lot but the thing is I would train and this is when I was doing ninjutsu like hardcore and I would do things like jump out of trees and stuff like that but the thing is is the last second you got to snap out of it and if you don't you're going to get really hurt so you gotta push yourself to the limits and then at the last at the last second you got to make sure you're okay to do whatever it is that you need to do um so you shouldn't just be preparing for if you're if you're affected this way if you're thinking this way or if you're you know you should be because what is being fluid what is moving with your in your environment you know tell you I was talking earlier about about people with noise and you know how many people are you affecting around you and how many people do you want to affect do you really want to you know you see how the people around here affect me do you really want to affect people like that if you want to you know if you have the inclinations to to react like that then there's a problem and you You got to really identify that problem and then target it through methods such as talking to a camera and acting stupid to the world because I don't have any friends because I want to fix things and all you guys want to do is just wallow in your own uselessness.

I'm sorry, I'm telling it as it is and now I can say it with pride. I can say it without being scared. I can say it without, you know, before I was, you know, but now I've got video evidence. I've got proof of all I say.

So there's nothing that you can say against it because if you say anything against it, then all you're doing is persecuting because there's evidence here and you're ignoring evidence. So let's really take this to its extreme tonight and let's party it up and let's see how much we can learn. I really want to show you how much Apollo has saved me. Yay! Yo, Apollo. We love you.

Just go up and up. I'm going to entirely stop talking to society, and I'm only going to talk to you. See, camera lens is safe, but I'm going to now only talk to my other half. And if society doesn't like this, then I don't care, and I'm serious. I'm going to just use the finger like I don't

I don't care, screw you. If I had the F you shirt, then the fork you, which I don't really consider a fuck you. I consider there's a fork in the road and I'm that fork in the road or at least the one pointing and you have a choice. But goodbye society, you're no longer a concern of mine at all. I'm only going to talk to that heart. That is a reflection of this one. Let's see if we can get a cool shot.

How are we to be healthy people in society? Am I healthy, like, being cruel to society? Does that make me healthy? Like, if I'm mean to people who are retarded, does that make me a healthy person?

Like, how can I be healthy and still be who I am? And really the answer to that is to figure out how to position your life so you can not exhibit the negative traits in your character. And I guess the way you've got to do that is you've got to fix those negative traits in your character. And how can I do that? And it's like, I've done so many things in my work. That's just simply screw you. Like, screw you just to society. I don't want to do that. I don't want to be that person. I don't want to be mean to people. Like, it's obvious society really deserves it. And I should do way more than I do. But I don't want to be like that. Why? Like, what's the point?

um so how do I modify my target audience um let's let's really actually let's let's go back to basics and the thing is I know what content in here and the content that's in here isn't the content that I'm talking about okay so we've gone through all of this in in one way or another and now we get here and this is all about you know how to reach your audience but how is that healthy is that healthy like uh so me trying to say hello guys hello everybody um is if you don't accept me then maybe we could have some words and then and then we'll walk away and both you know be worse people for it like how can i position my life to to to i know who those people I know the types of people those they are and and the way I react to them isn't making me a good person so what can I do you know I guess I'm sorry because there's so much that I've done in my work that really should have always just only been to you and and I think about my work up until now and and I don't know I'm kind of sad I really am like I know it's crazy and I still think it's awesome but but I could have just done it all for you and if I did it all for you and if I was always talking only to you which you could see you can see the evolution you can see how I was talking to everybody to begin with and then slowly I brought you into it and and I guess that's it we all we have to evolve we can't just you know snap our fingers and then and then have everything work out for us we had to learn you know I had to learn I had to go through life until I got to the point that I'm standing right now looking at what I'm looking at right now to be able to produce the content now that's coming from electrical impulses of my brain and then and then through a system of electronic information that's then causing my voice box to resonate in a certain way to give you this content that you're receiving so I had to figure out how to do this and and I feel I do I feel really sad like you know I even got like I even got a video where I cut myself and then and then cry and act all sad and then at which is where my tattoo like I got big tattoo ended up and then the very end saying fuck you society and it was awesome it really was but but I could have just done it all for you and I'm sorry I didn't I'm sorry I didn't but but I learned I learned and now I know and now I know that it's just all for you and for just always talk to you um then I don't have to worry I don't have to be afraid I don't have to care what people say you know it's it's only about you and i don't even have to you know i've been through my so much trying to be be receptive to be able to communicate with other people that that are of similar minds or or even that you know want to learn the topics or whatever and and the thing is that there are I've gotten a lot of people, there's been a lot of people through my life, and I could have reacted so much better if I wasn't so worried about pleasing everybody, because all I've got to worry about is pleasing you, and that's what's in my heart, I've got to figure out how to please you forever and ever, but I've only got to do that with one person, and all of these people around me that actually think that I should care, you know about their their perspective of what I'm doing that's wrong I was looking at all wrong I'm sorry I don't and I feel kind of awkward me it's really awkward talking to someone that you don't know their name so yeah what should I call you should call your ivory should I should I call you wait I've had to call you Wendy I've had so many pet names for you I don't know what to call you so That makes it difficult for me to do that. I guess I should just call you Ivory, because that's what I started with. And that's really what started everything, because I really am Pygmalion. So, Ivory.

But that kind of comes from a controversial story, too. I mean, if you understand the story, it's a controversial story. And it's not just Ivory. It's not just Ivory.

It's a Ivory Virgin. It's, please, Venus, will you give me my ivory virgin? And I've been thinking about whether or not I should say this in this production. And I guess what I just brought up says that I should.

So I just want to say it outright. You know, my other half either is a virgin or she had her virginity taken away from her unwillingly. and that's the fact of the matter and if if you're not if you don't fit into one of those two categories then you're not her so what all i gotta do is continue to talk to you know her or you until until i find the one that is and and over a long period of time there'll be a lot of eliminations and a lot of people will watch this stuff and know that they're eliminated um and and a lot of people do that and feel bad and you know i get a lot of females that that try to argue with me about how i shouldn't be like this and i should just fuck them and and that would make me you know a good person it's like no no that's not you know it's only been one person with me and that was my ex-wife and i tell you the only reason that i'm able to do this is because of her so if you can't respect her she's such a mean person if you can't respect her for everything that she's made me and accept her and love her and love her like I love her and I don't love her like a lover but but love her like care for her care for her sickness and she is so sick then if you can't see it like that then you're not her either and if you can't hold on to your virginity until you're married then you're not her either and if you're not pure and if every single day you're not thinking about how you yourself can can take care of the people around you and not just around you but but the people uh further away from you that you can't reach then you're not her either uh but the thing is i know i know you're out there i know i feel you we're so connected and and you'll see if we ever get to meet if i live you know i've done so much you know the whole with with these units you know with these units you guys uh the filmmaker is trying to see how much he can get away with like all throughout like see how much you can get away with that's like one of the artistic ways to do it and really I didn't know this material when I did it but but I'm doing what the material says or I'm doing it to its extreme and I'm getting away with so much I've gotten away with so much I've already gotten away with it and and now I can do whatever the crap I want just because Because I spent a lot of time working on my brain and now no one can say that if you spend enough time with me, at first you're going to think I'm crazy. But then you spend enough time with me and then you go, no, this guy's not crazy, this guy's a genius.

And I think it's every single time it happens, it happens. So once you get to know me, then the whole situation flips. So I turn from a crazy guy into a genius. And maybe I'm a bit of both.

So we end up here. But aren't we all? I think we all are, and the thing is that every single one of us can be a genius if we only learn how to use this electronic technology in a beneficial way that doesn't cause us to rely on it, but instead enhance what we already have. So, let's talk about ADD, or what we call ADD, or ADHD, that whole spectrum.

So, I think I'm a tension deficit. I go from one thing to another to another to another, and it's really hard for me to focus on movies, and I end up, I mean, if I have the opportunity, I just pause and go do something and then watch. I can only focus on something for a short period of time, but the thing is, I focus on lots and lots of things. So I'm always going from, I'm focused on one thing to another, to another, to another, to another. And, and by doing that, I'm juggling like lots and

lots of things. Uh, so this, this whole attention deficit disorder, we say, oh, it's a bad thing that someone can't focus on one thing for a long period of time. Um, why, why are we forcing our human psychology to do that when it's not geared to do that? I mean, like, and then we medicate and then we create these these tests uh for it that everybody will test for add um like we gotta look at what we're talking about is that add really a disorder i mean like you you produce me and and how would i do on ritalin or something like that i'm so wired i'm so intense like like we got to think about what we're doing like there's so many conundrums within my own life and my own psychology that disprove so many different conceptions of our mental health perspective of psychiatry really, the biomedical model of our psychological makeup.

And every time psychiatrists encounter me, they come to learn this and it takes time And I have battles and battles because they think, no, we'll tell him it's like this and over time he'll come to understand that it's like this because that's how people are. And then when you get someone that knows that what the other person is talking is crap and they stand by it, I mean, you've got to suffer. You've got to really suffer to get to the result that you want to end with. um so whatever you I know I know that you're gonna have some problems up there um and and I want to be there and if I can't be there physically then this is the best way that I can do it but but I hope I can't be there physically I really do and you got to accept my smoking this is something I've just learned through this production I'm doing because I had to accept my smoking and I know this is a terrible thing but the thing is for my psychology it works because I just focus on I focus all my time I don't I don't take breaks I don't disconnect myself and this is the only time that I get to ever disconnect myself um but but your mission is to make sure that I do this as little as possible and and I hope that you're not a smoker I don't know that you're not a smoker but I hope that you're not um and and I don't want you to hate it I just don't want you to encourage it and if anything I want you to discourage um use that is beyond recreational um I want you to help me stop being addicted to this I want you to help me to have this when I want to relax and not only just because my body tells me to so I want you to help me to learn how to control the drug and and I keep I've said all throughout this time that when the times right I'll quit and stuff like that and it's not really understanding how my psychology works all those statements um but now i understand and if i die of smoking then then that's not something i'm gonna be sad uh because you know everything was worth it it was it's what what was needed to to create me sorry it's gonna go out of my dog smoke so and and i think like we gotta we gotta teach we gotta teach about this like stuff like the the uh car aaron is it aaron car alan car alan car his books on smoking um stuff like that those things are gold and they really are they really help you understand things and for the most part i agree with almost everything he's saying um and i understand how to do it too uh and i did i mean i've used his method to quit but at the end of the day you know i'm so wired and i'm so one-to-one and you gotta help me with this you're gonna help me relax and you're gonna be a reflection of mine and you got to balance me you got to be my chemical um my chemical drug like people are drugs guys like people are the real drugs these things lead us to people and once we get those people then then these things will fade away because we only use these things. We only use the items in our environment to lead us

to people. And if we're not doing that, if we're using those things in our environment for the sake of themselves, then we're becoming reliant people. And we currently live in a society full reliant people and i'm not talking about relying on this uh we're reliant on our government and the thing is our government doesn't like we think our government's doing so much and they really don't um but they control everything but all we gotta do i mean if we as people start developing structures uh that that supersede what the government is providing then we'll no longer need the government and I know it's going to be a long process to do that because that's the peaceful revolution but a peaceful revolution is very slow and and we got to encourage its rapid growth and maybe if we get lucky then all I'm saying and all you're you're going to be saying because you're going to be like I'm what I'm doing my mission everything I've done like it's it's almost all there you know and and anything else that comes is just me playing around so you're gonna be the one standing up you're gonna be the one saying I've already stood up and I'm living the life that I say I'm practically applied everything I've said so it's now you got to find what your mission is and I know this is hard can you go oh crap I got this huge mission ahead of me. This is what God's telling me to do. I got to do it. I know that I got to do it.

How am I going to do it? And you go, am I even capable of doing this? Can I do this? And then you freak out, but it's one step at a time. One step at a time. Remember that and you'll

be all right. I want to show you how significant Tamara is. And I thought about it too. And And Ariadne is also a very good pet name for you.

And I'm sorry, all I got is pet names because I don't know your real name. But the production I'm doing now, I guess I'm playing Bacchus. And I got to cast you in the sky. And I've already done that.

But now I'm really just talking to you heart to heart. And I've just locked myself in to just talk to you and only talk to you. And if we consider what tomorrow is and what we have to do tomorrow, because if you pick up the clues, you would know, then it's made a difficult task for me, because tomorrow I've got to figure out how to do that. um so that is our mission uh and there's so much that that I talk to you about uh sorry not talk to you about but there's so much that you might see every once in a while and sometimes I talk about it um but or only talk a little bit about it or sometimes I just mention something with it but a lot of times I'm just making notes for myself and a lot of people think oh why is this guy making notes for himself and releasing it publicly but you and me girl we're going to be the closest to telepathics that the world has so these notes for myself you think they're like society sorry I can't say you because I'm talking to you now society might think that they're irrelevant but they are very relevant so you got to notice the things that I'm focusing on and and why I'm focusing on it and if there's a few things here and there that that are confusing then that doesn't matter because they will sorry them as you can tell you can tell but my train of thought is still there so you know if there's those things then then all you got to do is consider why why I've included that and and you'll receive much much deeper meaning if you just take notice of the small things um and then bills you know connecting the dots connecting the dots in the sky what do you think I'm doing I like that from the beginning I've been saying that I'm I'm searching the constellations for the world's most beautiful ones and trying to connect them. I'm an astronaut. I mean, that's what's on

my business card is astronaut. And that's really what I'm doing. And that's really what you need to be doing. Your work doesn't need to be all revolved around me. My work needs to be all

revolved around you. And when you come, that's no different. That's no different. It's still all going to be revolved around you, but that's who I was made to be for you, because you're going to do something amazing. You really are. Because you have the internet, and you

have me to teach you everything about the internet, and if you only learn these really important topics, then really you're going to do so many cool things, and I can't wait to see them all and the thing is there's going to be a lot of people that want to be like you that are going to do some really cool things too so we're going to get a lot of cool stuff in in the future oh okay so we have this and we have where's the layers is this okay is that it all right so we got that too so we got those two but you see i'm not sure if those i'm not hundred percent sure on this side the the length in between each each one so like I think I think I did it right because I just copy and paste and put it in the middle but to be honest I think I can do it better so I'm going to try to make some better strings I'm making much much smaller much thinner I'm gonna make them so you can see the picture and I'm only gonna make them like very very light but you're still gonna get you know the strings in the background there and then you'll get these strings in the foreground but these strings will will be you'll see how the strings will look alright so instead of worrying about math or anything I just decided to do it this way so I got that and then I'm gonna put this black because the thing or maybe I should do silver no black blacks can be good cuz it's gonna be translucent or transparent whatever I'm not sure the definition I'll check that out now that this is in the production okay so I got paste there and oh because in the background copy so you just gotta make a new layer yeah is that a new layer create no it's a new group here's a new layer create new layer okay so now all I gotta do is bonk. So now we got a black string, but we want to put it in the middle. Here control zero, control zero, so look what it just did, it just put it on my screen so I can see it. I'm sure this will do better on the tablet, but I don't have Photoshop yet on the tablet.

So I got a string there, it's not in the middle obviously, so I just control A, which selects all and go edit select all too is it even there select all i don't know it usually is no it's not it's probably in something else select a select all it doesn't matter control a go shortcut shortcuts are better okay so now it's like okay well but but if you click see this button up here and i'll zoom in on it boom i can't be bothered actually moving my hand but you see all I gotta do is click that don't worry about using it but up here that's what you're looking at all right so all we need to do is you see that's the middle so we just change it to the middle and we'll put it middle here it's not going to change anything really there but let's see we just put middle middle so now we have a string in the middle and we'll change that to make it transparent later but uh but here's the way we would make another one we could just we could do it this way and just like that we got it and just control C control C control V it and there's the move tool oh no no and so we got a new layer it's cool okay let's hide it because we want to go back to the other one and so now we select you see you see you see how close that's like right there it's is that is that exactly right we can hear no pixels were selected who cares let's zoom in on it zoom zoom okay so select yeah no you see how it selected some black don't do that we'll get it we'll get it close there we go you see how close it is right right there okay so select all of that and you can go outside doesn't matter because the thing is once you do that you go back to control zero and you see now we selected half of it we just grouped it by pressing something with our camera we'll undo that okay so now we got half of that and let's see if this will work I'm not sure let's go half and then half let's try control V did that do it did I put it in half it looks like it did yeah you see okay so we got we got two now and we got one here that we don't want anymore so we got two and we're gonna make sure this is gonna work out because uh there's 13 and I'm crappy with math but I don't care I'm just gonna keep going I'll be really good with math like like probably soon because I'm there there's so many numbers crunching through my head and maybe I suck at some parts of math but I'm really good with others who cares, who cares I'm doing my best and I'll always get better and I'll be so much better than all of society eventually at everything even like the math people in society control V so you got 3 so we'll keep working on that 7, 11, 13 so now we got all these new layers that's where it starts so let's go control E see that it combines them so now we got one layer let's just call it let's rename it can we rename it? let's do it rename it oh layer 10 is fine I don't care layer 10 is the new name there's a way to change that but who cares it's not like it's going to do anything but up here that's where we're going you can see i'm turned down let's see let's really check this out because we want this image to be really pretty and we don't want this to be very visible at all yeah so it's a maybe 13 13 okay 13 percent but but we do want we want an outer glow don't we we want an Arab light here and we want that that's fine but is that as a red as I start okay so how much difference is it okay we can't see what about spread is spread difference we can't really see much let's change the color see if we can put some gold in it guys do we see much don't really see much it's just so opaque to be honest I kind of like it you can barely know I don't even know if that's really changed much at all, but you see this is the image and you just have the outlines there and okay see you can't really see it there it's not good enough it's 13% it's not good enough you can see it there you can see each stream okay let's let's fix up this other thing like this has been annoying us and we knew we were And we knew we were going to have to do this for a long time. So those strings are all right for now. It's still not finished.

We still got to refine. You always got to refine. Is it stroked? Is it stroked with black?

Let's change this to purple here.

What type of purple do you like, ivory? I like purple. What type of purple do you like? I like all purples.

But to be honest, I kind of like... Let me see. I kind of like that purple. Do you like that purple?

I like that purple. I hope you like that purple, I don't care if it looks like a child did it, I really don't, I like it there, I just want it to be, it's kind of light, I like that purple but it's not really suitable for what we're doing so let's try to change it and make it darker and see, see ivory, this kind of purple is more suitable and we gotta make it bigger, that looks good, I think that's good, I hope you like that one don't know it just it looks better than the other purple I like the other purple better but that's the way you can see it we should have a shadow too like looks it should be molded into that hand a bit more I think so we'll put a quick drop shadow it looks kind of blasey I don't really we got to kind of sharpen it we gotta sharpen it and to be honest that purple is not good to sharpen it so we need to make it lighter I think maybe that shadow will help but the more that we make it that lighter it looks like crappy kind of I just wanted it to be nicely readable maybe we're working with too big of a size we got six here let's try four let's just see how that looks it's still not it's the spirit my eyes are so different like I can see things that people can't see it looks really good to me but but you can tell it's kind of dull it's kind of dull song of wind I'll think about it I'll leave it up I'll save it save it and then think about it see I don't want to have to show you this whole process I mean I want to show you tips and tricks and there's like cool things I do but you You know, there would be 10 billion hours of footage if I showed you everything. But what I do want to show you is how the process works. And once I can give you the ability, really, pass on to you the ability to play around with stuff until you like it, then really that's the education that I think that you need in order to do everything that I'm talking about.

So here's what I'll do, bevel and emboss, you see that gives it the distinguishing outline and it still looks like a child did it which is awesome because you're my target audience and what I'll do is I can fix up around the borders that will show me, so I'll just go okay I'll play around with that to make it like how I want it exactly but that's pretty close um I see there's an eraser tool there and all I gotta do is zoom in there you see that's kind of crappy and that use that eraser tool you can see up there like something wrong there but it's cool the outlines like and some of that you see some blues there like still really want to do that it's just it's just the parts that I really look at that see there's something there to tell it shows you look at all this would have been here on the original it would no one notice it but still be there yeah so we're just gonna go around the outline i don't know that's kind of it's pretty close like right there maybe the big chunk there let's back that oh it did it again why is it doing that we'll just get rid of it completely okay so we do that sort of stuff and eventually we'll make this really nice but but spend control zero spend time on it and the more spent time you spend on it like spend time on everything you do girl put your heart and everything put put everything of your heart and everything and that's the only way you're gonna become a star that's the only way you're my girl just really really make sure you do and who cares if it looks if it's not typical if it's not normal it doesn't matter if it's not normal the only thing like whether or not this is normal and whether or not people like it or not is irrelevant because the fact is is that i spend a lot of time on it and and not only time there's a lot of thought that goes behind every single thing here um so how much meaning is portrayed in this one image and people are real idiots to overlook and to criticize and to be rude and to be mean about this stuff because every single detail that we have here is so important and I know that people are just going to go up and not even think about what it is that they're saying in front of them but we're working on subliminal messages and the thing is that there be a few people that will pick up on these subliminal messages and it's those few people that we're targeting because if we can find those people in your generation that are actually receptive to this type of learning then we're gonna change the world we're gonna we're gonna teach some really awesome people how to be awesome people without a degree and and we're gonna really demonstrate to the entire world that that a degree is not the answer and that character how to develop character how to develop character that's really the the ultimate question is how to develop character and how are we going to develop character well we're going to show what we think is the best way to develop character and and we're not going to say that's there's more there's more threat has been detected there's a lot of crap in that for many many years and and it's all the hard job's not good. The hard job's never been good and I was like uh should I get rid of it? I don't know they got all this stuff from a long time ago but but but you just put put your heart in everything and no matter how it turns out be be proud of it because it's it's all process so just Just play with your world. This world's a game, and if you can't realize that, then you're not my girl.

And not only that, you're an idiot. Sorry. No, no, no, no, no. I can't do that.

I've got to learn not to do that because I'm not talking to anyone but you. So I'm sorry. I'm learning. I'm learning. I'll get there one day.

I'm a work in progress. I'm only human. I might be the best human possible. but girl I'm only human and you gotta realize that and eventually you'll know when it's perfect and when I say perfect I'm not saying what society thinks perfect is I'm saying perfect for you and if it's not quite perfect for you I'll go back to saying I'm human but it's as close as I can get it I only have my eyes to work with and and my eyes can see this this very very well and my other half would also be able to see this very very well and I know that you know look at this can people read it well the people that I want to interact with yes here's an important point my love so this is 13 percent That's what we tried to begin with and I thought it wasn't good but then I exported it or I just saved it as a JPEG and then I opened these up and the thing is we're going to see resonations we got a cool feature coming where when you tap it you see the string resonate in that whole area so even though that area right there might not be the best when you get used to the instrument you're going to know well so this can also work as the cover exactly as it is and that's what I've done and I really like it so you can see the strings I can't wait I can't wait I want to see how it turns out but some of the features aren't working yet but we'll do it we'll do it come on boy I'm about to do some cool stuff oh please Please join me.

Please join me. We can do cool stuff forever for the rest of our lives, girl. Please join me. Then we go around the edges and make sure everything's really nice.

It's been hours and hours getting it all perfect. Then we change our resolution so we can save it as a JPEG. itself because we rule and we put it as maximum quality and awesome JPEG that we can use whenever. That's not it.

Hell the gods. Hell the gods. I'm gonna remember this forever and ever and ever and ever so I can hell the gods forever. They love me.

They love me so much because I do that. And I had to change the resolution so it looks funny, but boy, that looks good. Okay, that's perfect. Okay, anything that you notice after this?

Anything, any mess ups or anything? That they, one, they teach you, and two, they guide you in a certain direction. They are perfect. Everything is perfect how it is right at this moment.

So let's, let's do this thing.

Oh, I can't wait. Gotta convert it to this size. It'll look good. Make sure you don't constrain proportions.

Just let it stretch, it'll look good. Just remember we have to change our resolution whenever we need to look at things in a different way. Otherwise this screen right here won't open. Annoying as crap.

Always talk. Thank you. It takes a little bit for your eyes to adjust.

We are.

You've got to upload it to your Google sites or whatever you have. Best to do HTML and skip Google altogether. Be good.

But it's easy to show you how to do this. So if you don't know that sort of stuff, I mean, even a child can do this. Even a child can do this. You want me to say it again?

Even a child can do this. Just let me show all the children how to do this. And I'll save the world. I'll save the world.

if i can only show all the children how to do this yay and we put you in the middle because we want you in the middle and we want you to be boot large and then you're in the middle and you are large we are larger than life me and you girl and you see we need to make sure we change the length see everything's good except there so we remember things because we're awesome so we all we need to do is all that rule we don't want to open a new tab and that was that unless that was a different side we would want to do that so do that save it we're saving we're saving we're saving girl we're saving people we're saving the world we're saving the world and we go to do While we wait for that we go here and we need to go to see that website right there and then it shows and see it's right there but you need to go right there. See what we need to do is add, I'll show you actually, I can show you here, I'll show you with Ivory Heart. It always comes back to Ivory Heart even though I'm kind of ashamed of some of the camera work I did on it man, Ivory Heart is awesome. Okay, so let me go there. I got it there. It's awesome. Go back over here. Okay, we got the whole thing. Oh, that's too big. Come on, edit. I don't want them to have to load for all this. Only people that actually care about what I do have to do that. I got access to all of this. I don't need this webpage.

okay so see we got to make one of these eventually and it'll be pretty easy because we got we just got to find this template here and then we got to make up crap that makes people think i'm doing something that's not what it is which would be funny and and then our computer lags because we're doing so much at the same time let's see where that's going okay that's good that's good We got a few more virus warnings, oh that's so bad. And then we got to wait and that takes forever but see we got to make something like that and we already got a template because once you do it once you can just pop one out pretty quick. And we got to put, so until then, until we do that, all we're going to do is put this image in here, if it'll let us edit it. where it says Song of Wins. See I'll just take that out and just go to insert. I'll just go to image and just do the same thing. And see Song of Wins poster. And it takes a little while. But it'll look the same. And then you go down. I have to show it. I have to show it. I've got other things going on here. So we'll have to refresh this soon because this is what it looks like. And we'll have one more thing down here. And that'll be it. And that'll be it for

good like the only thing we would have to do after that is maybe figure out a way to convert this nicely into into HTML and we don't ever have to do anything with this again and it'll stay there good forever all right so we got there okay so we put it in the middle make it larger than life and actually because we'll just control Z that oh I can't do that can I original that's it original so I'll just make that the original size so for right now let's see if it looks good I bet you look crap I'll bet y'all change it see it just takes up everything not cable stupid idea I'm going to have to do that I'm gonna be like that except it's gonna be so much cooler because I've developed so much once I got this camera I've been able to do really awesome stuff We'll make our computer lag until it dies, and then we'll use something else. We'll figure out how to fix this and make it large, and then we take his face off. Take it in or out, make it look good. Got some wind, and the epic starts.

Okay, that's just, no, that's good. No, no, see, that's from our sites. That's what we're editing, and this is the real deal. real deal this is what's live refresh it and see it's made to be looked at like this

which is what you know our future is you know tablets and phones this is the way i've been trying to look at everything like how gay is this computer we're doing like this and i can do like this and you can do both you know and if if all the windows were made to be like this and to be honest i probably wouldn't bother with this very often but uh our human perception wants us to be like this because we're standing up and we got a vision like this and of course we never like look around or anything and play with how we see things okay come on load okay here we go so the user comes there eventually this will be a cover and have a stupid description that honors either probably both you and mother in some ways and I'm gonna even say father okay so we go down there and you know how awesome this is how we do a girl this is how we do it this is how we do it this is how we do it see this is It's really easy to, you know, even a child can do it. We haven't even gotten started. Been waiting for Brian to contact me back for 30 hours and I can only rely on myself and on anybody else. Every single adventure that I have to give you, there's a huge gap and I'm not sure how to connect that gap I'm not sure how to research these topics to be honest so each point that I have I'm confused about what I need to do next to learn what I need to do to actually give you something and I'm not prepared to give you something if I can't give you something that I'll be proud of so I'm not sure what to do but the thing is like we should learn how it is that we learn and if we can do that we can find out something very interesting so I'm gonna try I'm gonna try and maybe I'll capture something and maybe it's just common sense but but who cares okay C C C C B A B C D E E E E can we get something can we get some C okay that's not what I wanted but this is being and And I'm not sure if I really trust Bing.

Let's see if we can get something different with Google.

C, C, C, C, B, A, B, C, D, E, E, E. It's not Google. We need to go to Google.com. And even though I think the jerk's there, I still go to their page because I'm an idiot.

I don't really like Bing at all, it just doesn't really Bing me where I want to be, but Google does even though they're a big corporate conglomerate entity that has no head, that won't listen to their people, ooh we got stuff, what is it, can I enter, I wanna see what you got, Is it gonna be it? Is it gonna be it? Is it gonna be it? Not a duet, okay.

But there's lots of different versions, maybe it's the same. I just gotta, there's like one part I can't remember, and that's why I've never done it for you, but I knew, I told you before. See, you gotta plan things for the future adventures that you have, otherwise you'll be boring, and then you'll have nothing to do, so. oh I got it I got his oh how awesome is that look at the name okay let's see what this guy does okay oh I can't I can't believe that I can't believe it okay well listen that guy he he might be talented because I know how to combine it too but there's like it's just in the right hand there's like four notes that I'm confused on like I know it all like and I know some variations but I like one variation I like I like to do both see what I was gonna do is it's gonna I was gonna do both I was gonna put them down together on using this tablet like an electronic method oh it cost I gotta search free using an electronic method and like Audacity and maybe Fruity Loops or something like that and that reminds me I gotta get Fruity Loops going yeah but uh because there's a lot around there I'm so awesome and and I'm trying to get a real a real one I don't want these I don't want these I'm getting I don't like Google Chrome much on tablet yeah there'll be a different color for you girl and there'll be more or less a bit different image but here we go I will come I don't need you right now okay so come back to you later see multitasking is awesome ADD who cares and look at this, you know, look, resume, okay, here we go, okay, we'll go back to what we you're doing but you get the point um like who cares if we have ADD like just just okay so heart and soul street music free maybe but it doesn't really matter I can just don't don't worry about this screw this like we got the internet like let's watch lots of people on YouTube do their own variations and I'll figure it out and I'll play I'll get my own mic on my own see this guy dude what's he doing with the right hand that's all i care about here i'm recording it so i can watch it later look at this screw sheet music what's a note what's that little dot with something at the end who cares man see he's doing both i got something like that i don't like i got a different one i like mine better slower more more heart and soul this is kind of happy i don't know I don't know, this kid's kind of, is he happy?

Like, so are we, what are we looking at? Like, can you see it? Can you see his heart and soul? Is it in it?

I like that, he's combining stuff there. Okay, so he's twinkling. I don't know, he's kind of beaten to that too rhythmically. He's, I don't know if his heart and soul's in it.

But let's see if other people's are. Let's see the duets. we got father and son but they don't okay here here we go we can see we can see the piano here that's what we want it'd be cool to get the other direction too if you get both directions maybe a split screen how helpful would that be to teach you get the music you get the rhythm like and and even if you get them the sheet music in the middle and you can divide it you can follow along and you see how that see this text you know how it selects there if you could select the note like how well could that teach us because we would just load the wrong one okay so we can get the notes to do to do we see it we see it going on here and we see these fingers going on too we see these people like their rhythm and how they're working it you know they're both using two hands but the one i learned you know you really only need one on the right hand um so what's okay he's not really using his left hand and he's going over here but he's doing something different than i've done so let's uh go back and let's see other people's okay so we get this software uh that um just like speech recognition that will also recognize uh nice or our tunes so what note is what note okay we see these notes playing there's this bar at the top here that uh that just picks out what's whatever's playing and maybe we could set it to be a second ahead or something or something comfortable so we could actually perceive okay so they're not they're playing around okay second tay okay we're gonna get like over here we get uh one set of notes playing and over here we get the other set or maybe we could artistically portray that a little bit differently um but i don't know this what what look it's shockwave or something so i don't know but While that's doing that, we can see if there's sheet music.

And they say the cost, so that's gay, but because these are things where we don't even need that anymore because we know the name and heart and soul. Oh, it's divine tragedy. And then we press a button that changes it to the top. top so like in the corner here we get like just the keys but they're highlighted so and then the left side you get the same thing so it's just the highlighted keys you can have the notes over here or somewhere maybe the notes over here is out of the way so you get this guy playing and he gets hands over here like or at least the notes playing on keyboard here and I was playing and we got all the keyboard and it shows it grayed out like and you see this guy playing in whatever direction he was and we get treble clef from the right hand corner and we get bass clef from the left and through the visual portrayals Eventually we will learn where each thing is and we will become very smart through this.

Because it's not just this music that we can do this with, but every single aspect of life. And we will have a symphony greater than any we have ever manifested in our entire human existence. And whether you guys are idiots and still want to kill each other, that will be up to you. And when I die, I'll laugh.

And when nothing happens, your soul is burning, I'll still laugh. Because I gave you every chance. See, I did it again. I'm sorry.

See, that was talking to society and I should be talking to you. I'm sorry, girl. It takes a while to breed out bad habits, girl. but right when we line ourselves up.

What do you want? Maybe... Yeah. We'll get it good.

You get high with me all the time, but you've also tripped with me and gotten drunk with me. How much information can you record over a really short period of time? That's actually a really long time. Hey. How's it going?

Let's not move in. Okay, no worries. Thanks very much. Thank you very much.

and we get our third pizza you always get the third just takes a while it's always perfect I'm gonna do it I hate cleaning it up I guess I never usually use the lens oh it's disgusting never record what do we look at the lens disgusting oh it's clean it tastes like pizza like really good pizza it's like oh there's like I saw something terrible why do I do this crap because it's so funny because the people who realize like all I have to do to do one simple shot simple yeah sure I don't think I do simple shots maybe every once in a while I'll do a simple shot so so rare for me to do simple shots I mean how much food do I have in this lens I'm pretty good about cleaning it actually but but oh it's in the handle it's in the handle look it out so good pizza though and probably spit in it okay I'm used to it remember that's how you eat your style I don't care I spit yeah it'll help my metabolism I've got a secret about Domino's most of the time they don't treat their employees well and the people who make the dough yeah they usually do really bad things to it there's the secret I was hired I'm sorry I was put on they put me for so many ships I was a full-time student too and they would put me like long long shifts. Like I even had like a 16 hour shift. But I did really good work and I was really fast. They put me everywhere. Okay so

it'll still probably take me another um probably another day. Not really another day. Maybe another hour or two to clean this properly. But that's what you go through to get the the good shots. Seriously, like, that's how I get the good shots. It's like, you can't,

if you can't, if you're not patient to wait out for the good shots, and if you're not daring enough to be, to stand up as a good cameraman, then you won't get those good shots. And if you can't see light when it's right in front of you, you'll never get those good shots either. Domino's that's why it's good to get the thin and crispies because they just get sent like a hundred of them in this like thick box and then they come in a plastic thing and then they open them at the actually where they make it and then they put them out and then just make the pizza right there and then they burn and they burn and then they crisp and as long as you don't put the toppings too thick it comes out really really nice. so don't complain sometimes like the toppings too thin it's not good either but like when it's just right it's really good but I actually forgot I usually always get thin and crispy but today I just got what was normal so I got probably lots of spit in my food plus I wasn't a very nice customer or at least at first I wasn't a very nice customer because I spent an hour on their website to try to get it to to order pizza for me and they're like every time I call them like go to the website and every time I went to the website the website sites like we don't accept this voucher for this store or or there's a problem you've encountered an error and it's like what the crap so you know like how how much you gonna screw around your customers and you saw how long it took me to get my third pizza. This is the world we live in. In the Ballarat Psychiatric Ward

there was this Maori girl, I mean she was from New Zealand and she was very, very crazy and I still showed love to her even though she was very, very crazy and she was very, her in your face and she said hey yo yo those pants those pants that you got they're dope i mean yeah they're just ski pants and to be honest all ski pants kind of look like this um these are black versions but to be honest most most ski pants are black versions but she's like yo those look so dope you're like so cool and shit i've never seen like guy pants that cool and and these are really awesome pants you can really move in them I can move in them better and I can move in any pants that I've ever had in my life before and these now that they fit properly now that I got a well last time I got a small two but it was too big and it had belt loops that you see this doesn't have belt loops this is stretch to fit so I'm very very happy with my purchase these are the coolest pants that I've ever had in my life and if you don't think so no I don't care oh wait wait sorry I did it again I did it again if you don't think so if you think if you don't think so then then I don't know you're probably making fun of me or you're you're not my girl you're watching the See, I can give it all to you. I can give it all to you. I don't care. I don't care with any way I think I can kiss the camera as much as I want because it's to you. It's to you. And if you don't exist, who cares? Because I'm a crazy guy doing really awesome stuff that proves he's brilliant even though he's crazy. I'll find you, girl. I'll find you.

I've got a correction. I'm not just doing lots of really awesome stuff. I have done. Here's a tip on secondhand clothes and really secondhand anything.

If you see something in the secondhand and it has manufacturing faults, like, you know, pockets being ripped, and CDs are the only ones that I can find that didn't have pockets that were ripped, like, they were meant for me because they were like the only out of like 200 pairs of lots of pants the same kind of kind of like mostly the same brand they had a few others like they kind of tagged on with this um and they had lots of different colors of that but these were made these are the only ones that I could walk out with um because I needed pockets and uh and all the other ones didn't have pockets But doesn't that say something? I mean, these are second hand from, you know, probably a ski lodge, I think. They're rentals. And they still look, you know, good as new. And they, all the pockets maintained and everything.

So would you rather something new or would you rather what I have? And what I have is really old, but it all repeats. It's all the same thing and the thing is right now The lens is closed and I can see gunk from my pizza all around it So let's think about these subjects very carefully. I love this girl because now that I'm talking to you It opens up so many subjects, so many subjects Let's see what the darkest corners of our mind can assist you with in your future endeavors.

We always get distracted and then come back to find out we did it two or three times. Get our pit boy out. Over here. Right here.

Let me get our pit boy. recording this news that i haven't pressed the stop button hear the song going on i'm not sure if you can i would love you too sorry babe we're not quite prepared to do it all tonight but we'll see how much we can do we'll get it done soon you see i needed this in order to know to do this next production that I need to do about our creation process just for you important and thank you God for this community it's so funny when you tell everybody you're a spy and they think you're crazy and then you'd be a spy and you do what spies do and everybody around you still think so crazy you guys don't realize what I go through to do these productions and what footage you don't get oh okay um I keep doing it I keep talking to society I'm sorry it's bad and then I think you know again I can make really awesome statements like bang statements that just are so front on it just makes it and it's not bad like like I've deleted so many videos and like I'm deleting something that's pretty awesome but it's like it's not to you and it's like what am I doing I shouldn't you know how can I overcome this and and there's but each one has a a message that I'm trying to get through to you and my problem is I'm trying to get because I know that I'm going to have to go through a lot of people in order to get through you so I guess I'm trying to protect my heart I guess which I shouldn't because who cares like seriously who cares about any of that so so like all these awesome things that I I have in my head that I could say to society, I really shouldn't, I really shouldn't, and even though I want to, because it's so true, because it's so true, I really shouldn't, and I got a really, I got a really good filter, but I have to refine that filter to only be towards you and if I don't do that I'm gonna become I'm gonna become this dragon that I'm researching and and I don't ever want to be that you know I guess I mean if you relate with relation with Cupid and that you know what I'm doing the the emotions that I'm grabbing at and pulling out with those few people who I do deeply connect with. There's going to be a lot of potential, so I've got to be careful. So, I'm sorry, I really have to refine my work so it's only directed towards you.

And that is the healthiest way that I can work to produce good content for everybody. Because if I don't do it in this manner, then I'm going to produce a lot of bitter content. And I don't want to produce bitter content, even though my bitterness is very, very justified. And I hope that one day we'll get to talk out these problems that I have and I hope you'll get to help me with them. Because I've come through a lot, especially the last three years. The last three years have been really crazy.

So, I'm a work in progress, and I always get better, I always get really, I always get awesome, but it takes me a while to learn, so help me learn, let me learn, and when I mess up, don't judge me, because I still got to put some stuff in, there's some stuff that still has to be in, But, like, you can't just say, yeah, it's going to happen, and it's just, you can't teleport there. We haven't developed these wormholes that I'm going to be portraying. I mean, I just confused myself even more. I'm going to have to study this and that, and I'm going to go, oh, what the crap, what am I doing?

Okay.

You know, this is, you think this is bad? You really think this is bad? Like how much is this screw in my mind because Okay, I got three things coming up three things. Okay, so yeah

See how much is this how much is this stuff like really really affect people

Never got but the difficult question for me right now you're ivory is how do I cast two constellations into one in one day and you're confusing the crap out of me and now that it's only to you I can include as much hidden meaning as I want.

Here is the point, babe, and I hope you get it. Here is where you reign. Here is the first of many gifts for the world's most beautiful installation. Taking one minute, yeah.

Taking one second, really. See, I just put it on auto, it was on manual. In the beginning, all things were one aspect. I pledge allegiance to my gods. Please give me the words that I need to do your bidding.

And we will have to swap our SD cards and actually use the SD card that was in this and what's recording now.

Because we, chaos, chaos has just killed this guy. which I guess we were expecting sometime or later. I mean, you can't just do this kind of crap to a camera and expect the camera to keep working unless you keep doing it and everybody else does it and then that becomes a requirement. But I think we as humans are too stupid to do that.

But that's how you do the camera. Now let's see if we can continue this creation story, and to be honest, I'm not sure if I'm going to get this guy back. Like, I had it open, and it was making some really funny sounds, and I guess I got some gunk in there that I've probably got to play around with, but I'm not sure, man.

Oh, thank you, gods. Like, most people don't understand this girl, but this right here, this problem, the only thing that happened, was chaos got a little bit over the top so when I flushed the toilet it just got over the top and then when I opened this thing it made funny sounds and it actually recorded for a little bit that was the first video that you got and uh and then it stopped and it just stopped basically it stopped coming on here on the screen um and really like to do and it's kind of junk right now but what I'm going to do is I'm just going to try to let it drain maybe it doesn't do anything so we just let it drain the battery drains there and maybe we'll try to recharge those fully like clean them really well and see if we can get them back operational which is kind of a shame we're going to use them for something but the thing is we can use anything that we have everything that we have is awesome if we just use it in the right way. We just have to learn how to portray it. I'm still learning this camera and the thing is I think I have footage previously where I cut off too soon because this camera I'll cut it off and it cuts off like two seconds earlier than I cut it off. It's like wow that's not good. But you have to learn the camera

and you've got to gain the XP that I'm pointing at here in order to get better at it. So this is really awesome, and no matter how this turns out, we've already won.

And I hope that you'll get to see this. And to be honest, you've already seen this, you've already seen this, but now you're seeing the making up. But you're continuing to see the making up, and you'll see the making up again and again. let's test it i want you to know that just because i'm not talking directly about the creation story doesn't mean that i'm not talking about the creation story we have just lost one of our cameras at least for now and most likely or at least likely if not most likely um... lost it for good

But the thing is, is that have we really lost that, um, I'm going to be really honest with you and tell you that the eyes, the vision that this camera right here has given me, um, no matter what happens to it, is, is entirely priceless. and if I can do the same thing with this camera right here which is really durable drops from it can drop probably probably the whole way down here and and as well as go underwater maybe it's not good with distance but the thing is I've shown I've shown you how to work distance and I've shown you how how distance functions and I'm showing you how we can utilize our eyes and our perception to focus in on the things that are most interesting to us in our environment when we're immersed within it and if we do that then we can focus in on the things that we're best to be educated on and if we do that then we can focus on the best things that we have to contribute society so so hopefully this this camera like to be honest I am actually hoping for it but I hope that this camera I hope this camera will stop you know I feel too to god-like with this camera but this camera I hope that it can replace that camera but the problem with this camera is I can't see me so I have to imagine what I'm seeing from this frame here and then you know like where am I I just accidentally press that button did that stop the recording I don't know if it stopped the recording is recording going on right now am I just talking just to talk I don't really know I had to flip it around with the brown note the red light is still on it says record so it's still good but that's kind of annoying it's like well So, maybe we should work towards cameras like this that have the zoom function that that has, which I know is hard because you don't have a scope, I guess we can work on it, like I can move my camera, you know, I can work my camera, I can be working like this, right, and nobody knows, you know, the scopes along the side, and I'm looking like I'm working on a phone, you know, I'm getting XP, but pressing XP right now, you know, XP, XP, XP, Actually, I was pressing PX, PX, PX, which is more meaningful than you realize. I hope it's just as meaningful as you realize, because that's what this is all about. And if you realize that, dear Carlton, man, we're going to be so awesome.

Gather.

So this guy recorded late, so you go snap with that lid right there, and it stops recording like half a second after. But this guy, when we turn in, when we try to turn in, it's always difficult. It's always difficult to continue the topic after we do that. But he, or she, whatever this camera is, it records, it doesn't record until like two seconds before.

So if I stopped it right now, it wouldn't record what I'm saying right now. It's like, ooh, that's a bit confusing. confusing and this guy is just the opposite and to be honest I'd rather get more footage than less footage and there are so many times with this guy that I wish I had footage that I didn't get and I think it would be cool if cameras could get like automatically 15 seconds of footage before and after and then just drop them if you didn't save them within a minute or two or even like three minutes or something to be like three minutes for you to save that footage and just like save in the normal file that'd be cool um but we have to get used to it because if i turned it off right now then it would turn off like before i finish saying what i'm saying right now so i have to like wait like for a few seconds and to be honest I really do with this camera I have to wait for a few seconds in order to get this goal and I have to go there and I don't know how much it's going to get now. Alright, see babe, the SD card goes right in there and if you notice it's at the top of the camera or bottom or however you want to look at it right and there's a whole shaft left here, it has a lot of parts that are gay because they need to be a lot smaller, um, like, you know, inside of sunglasses or something like that. And, um, and we have

all that room to work with before it gets to that SD card. So, that SD card right there is for the most part protected by all of this crap that doesn't mean much unless it's being used so this is the way we need to think of it uh that right there is really what's important um after you've taken the footage so after the fact that right there um before the fact So this is the means to get it to the top and once you get it to the top then you can take that away so you have all that room to work with. So that's your armor right there so use that armor to maximize the potential of the heights that you can reach on Mount Olympus. wait two seconds before pressing stop and even though the battery life is short these are really easy to charge and would not be any problems to continue recording as much as we wanted to really with this no matter where we are back in operation 29 minutes perfect quick draw quick draw McGraw What do you want to call me tell me whatever you want? I'm a lot of things. I'm everything cool

That you can't be I did it again. I'm sorry. You gotta help you're helping me fix it girl You're helping me fix it. It's all to you Let's make fun of these guys look look he looks like a girly girl. It's probably a girl. Maybe it's a girly girl guy

Oh, no, he looks kind of like a fag He kind of looks like the Cyclops in the team. You know like Oh, let me put my palm out to you and wave it. 27 minutes and 36 seconds. I hate Canberra.

I'm so scared of Canberra. Canberra is the worst place in the world I've ever been to. You know, I would have a lot better footage if it wasn't for... So yeah, if you're...

I don't care. I'm an only- Yeah, you already know. Why am I doing this? I can't do this. This is not for cops. This is for you, girl. I'm sorry.

Yeah, I'd have a lot better footage if I didn't flush that in the toilet tonight. Because I had to demonstrate, I had to do it. I had to demonstrate Saturn. Saturn, sorry. I mean, Saturn's coming up. I haven't, I haven't, I'm not ready for Saturn yet.

I'm much more ready for Uranus. I much more identify with Uranus. I kind of don't like Saturn. He's hard to deal with.

Big head, Saturn. He's better than these guys. Way better than these guys. I got Apollo today, so I can actually have this data stored.

I can just make you guys watch as much crap as you want, and anything you watch is going to be super awesome, because that's the sort of stuff I release. And you go, hey, this guy releases so much. It must be crap. And you go, yeah, man, yeah, man.

Of course it is. course it is, so don't wash it. And then, the few who do, the few is to the few. Nietzsche, look it up. I don't care. You know? To the one, really. To the one girl. To my ivory.

I wish I didn't feel like such a creep, you know, doing all this. Because I really do love you, girl. This for you. Because you gotta know. You gotta know. How can I protect

protect you from all of this with uh you being completely aware of all of this this is my this is your shield girl this is your shield i'm trying i had to do it i didn't know another way you would get hurt otherwise i don't want you to get hurt i don't want you to get hurt i want you to know i want you to feel i want you to love i want you to care i want you to fix this stuff because you can. I can just show you how and then you have to do the rest. 24 minutes 8 seconds.

She's not here by herself. She has other women there. No I'm just joking. I don't know. I wouldn't

be surprised to be honest. Like it's pretty crazy. Like there's been worse nights than this. This isn't that. This isn't been the best. Sorry this isn't been the worst. This has been the first

Some have been adequately prepared to do what I'm doing right now, say that. But you know, what the cops are going to do is they're going to talk to the guy. Someone might get a record and that record will follow them around and annoy them and piss them off. And then they'll pretty much continue the same life that they were because they got that record now.

But, um, most times people don't even get records because they go, oh, what do you do? There's no evidence, of course, there's no evidence to any of this stuff that happened. Like, there was no glass flowing around. People didn't throw stuff at stuff.

People weren't aggressive to people. People weren't, you know, slandering. There wasn't any, you know, hate crimes at all there. Girl, should I really, should I show them?

Should I give them this? I don't know. What would you do? Have you seen what I do?

They wouldn't do anything with it. They would think I'm crazy, and then they'd have to listen to all of it, and then they'd look at all of it, and then they'd think I'm crazy, and then they would only look at what they cared about, and then what they cared about wouldn't be what was actually highlighted, because they're idiots, all of our idiots have. And when I say all of them, I mean every single one of them, because you've been sexually indoctrinated into a certain perspective in life and you think you're so cool because you think you have acquired such an elite ability to rule people and you really are just an idiot that thinks you rule people, but I rule people way better than you do. I rule you better than you think you do. I walk into a situation

Knowing exactly what I want out of you and I always get it. I can't do this, sorry, sorry, I'm sorry to the girl, let's do the girl, why don't I talk to the people? When I do that, I come around with hostile words and I don't want that. I want to be a good person.

I gotta talk just to you, just to you. We are what we, you know, what we, what we say. I can't do, I can't live a life like that. I can't be so, but this is the life that I live, so I get pushed to think like this, you know, I'm trying, I gotta be such, I gotta try to be the best person I can be, and these cops really don't help, these cops are like the same grade, quality, the same grade as these other guys, they're just different, different types, different types of the same grade, I'm serious when I say that, and I have a lot of experience with that, and I did security for quite some time, 19 minutes and 46 seconds.

It's so funny because there's so many things that don't even read these, or whatever, because I don't catch the stories that are right, or at least the stories that would be able to be interpreted as a whole, I only catch parts, and when I get a whole, then I get happy because, because I can release it like I got today, and like I got yesterday, and like I got the day before, and then like, oh no, release recently, thanks guys, oh, but I don't want any more, I got too much to release, like seriously, what, 110 gigs now, maybe, I just filled up an SD card and I'm waiting 18 minutes and 33 seconds right now. It's all over, the big stuff's all over because the cops are here but the thing is that these people still live where they live and they still think how they think and the cops still think how they think and everybody still thinks how they think so everybody thinks the same the same way so we just continue doing what we're going to do so this guy's going to be like good talking to you and there's not going to be enough evidence to push anything on him and and even if he did you know if he killed her then if he killed anyone you know then maybe there's not enough evidence and maybe we'll give him a few years or maybe we'll find some loopholes or something you know we're in Canberra like this is a place for murderers to walk around for child molesters to walk around this is the place this is the place of freedom man you know where you can't feel safe because everybody else is uh it has so much freedom that they can do whatever they want because uh because the ones that the power are like hey hey i know i can't do this stuff but let's figure out a way to make it happen and then let's smuggle out the people that were involved. Let's hurt the people that were involved. This is getting boring but it's just going to keep happening. Blah blah blah blah. I'm really getting bored

I can't believe you've seen the adventures I've had, some of the adventures I've had. How many cups were there just then? Yeah, that was this whole complex. That's like 16 units, close to a 12 maybe.

Alright, here we go, we're getting to the end. That's good. See you later guys. Have a good day. Yeah, you wanna?

Okay, let's have a chat to him. Who's that? Want to have a chat with me?

Okay, okay. That was pretty awesome.

That was awesome. Whatever that was. Yeah, imagine what I could use that footage for. Like I'm not sure what they talked about. That was pretty weird.

Like, knock knock. No one's coming out. Let's just have a little mumble mumble. Mambo mambo. Mambo mambo. Let's walk away. Okay, okay. Well, we're, we're humans. Which means, which, that, that places us in the idiot category. So, how are we to, to fit that category? Well, let's walk away from someone trying to force someone else to have sex. That's the, that's what we do. That's what we do in camera. That's the way in camera.

You're going to wait, but people don't finish yet. I'm able to capture them. Wait for it. Wait for it.

They're taking the rubbish out.

And see, this camera says 20 minutes, 50 seconds left. 49, 48, 47, 42, 45, 43. Sorry, 44, 43, 42, 41, 40. 20 minutes.

That's how long we got left. You know what happens when you look at footage later after you really don't understand? you kind of understand, or at least you understand more. We live in a world full of idiots.

Would I give this footage to cops? I don't know. If cops came to my door I would. But cops are idiots.

And if cops get this footage then I want to let them know that they're idiots. And they're just as bad as these guys. I'm saying just as bad. 32 seconds.

That's such a horrible thing. He's in focus is being gay, but who cares? At least it's not gay here. What a dickhead.

He's coming here. She's already here, and she's messed up really bad, but he's actually coming to her, so... Wow. But I don't disagree with what he's saying.

But he's probably worse, to be honest. Wait for it. 16 minutes, 46 seconds. Another battery, so if we run out, sorry, we're going to have like 30 seconds at most, you know, most, I don't know, it depends on how much I can, you know, how fast can I relay, and then I can do a western, you know, let's see, we got that horn, awesome, I've been trying to catch the horn for ages, people just like, press that horn randomly all throughout the night, it doesn't matter what time it is.

I'm sorry I'm not standing out there and doing something about it, but honestly, you know, what would happen if I did? I'd be dead already. Yeah, I would. It's not like I care about my life, but I care about everybody else's life, and if I can help more people than just, you know, them, which, to be honest, they're lost causes.

But it will only take time to wipe you from our genetic gene pool and if cops are watching this footage then you are in the same boat that they are and you will be wiped out just like they are because you are no better than they are. Lala, do you like my songs? This is the Song of Wind. And this is the end of 1984, which produces the end of Song of Wind.

And you're probably too much of an idiot to look at the background conditions. And you're just going to see what's in front of you. That's OK, because you're indoctrinated to be like that, because you're an idiot. I won't take that back.

You want me to say it again? You're an idiot. You're a cop. You think you're cool. You think you're doing good. You're an idiot. You're a cop. You want to ask my qualifications? I get qualifications. But you know what? My middle finger's the best one. It's the third. 13 minutes and 33 seconds.

Not that good of a video. Can you combine audio and video together and then align the events, synchronize your minds to figure out what's actually happening?

No, because you're just going to look at one thing because you're an idiot. Sorry, I keep doing it. I keep talking to society. Sorry, dude girl. I'm not talking to society anymore. It's all you. Sorry.

I've seen how proactive our police department is. I've seen them much, much responsive in incarcerating a guy who just wants to love everybody. What does it mean to be a good citizen? What does it mean to be a good cop?

You know, if you're a cop and you're listening to this right now, you're a corrupt cop because you're an idiot and you're a fuckhead and I hate you because... Sorry, I don't hate you and sorry, I'm not talking to you. If you're a cop listening to this right now, then I'm not talking to you, I'm talking to my girl and I'm trying to fix the problem that I have with hating society. Girl, instead of talking to everybody else, who might watch it.

I'm sorry, cops, I'm not talking to you. I know you guys are idiots, but she's the one I'm talking to. Nine minutes and 44.

I can't do it. I'm charging that, and I got this guy. So it'll only be a second, it'll only be a second. This is such good audio.

I can use this audio for so much stuff. Thank you, Mercury, for the sounds that I can use for the rest of my life once I get out of this place. I hate Canberra. Canberra's so scary.

It's the worst place I've ever been. I've been ripped off so much here. I've been hurting so much here. I've been threatened so much here.

People are so scary here in Canberra. It's worse than anywhere in the world I've ever been. I can't say anywhere in the world, but anywhere that I've ever been.

Skilled enough.

The people running the brothel do this to people like this.

It's the people running the brothel you've got to worry about. These people just bend over for any old glass.

Seven minutes and seven seconds. I want to go out there, but you know what's going to happen to me if I go out there, I'm so scared, I hate this place, oh my God. Six minutes and 24 seconds. I think the whole neighborhood's called the cops, I don't think they care.

There'll be like 12 of them here soon and then they'll interview everybody. Be quiet, that's how it always works. Yeah, I don't care. You don't care if you're watching this virus, my girl, not you.

Not you, they get cops. My girl, see this, they should laugh at you stupid cops. Because you prefer to attack people like me than actually combat real crime. Four minutes and 47 seconds.

Okay, you're ready for a quick draw. Okay, so if it happens, I might lose maybe 10 seconds, maybe 20 seconds of footage, hopefully not. Wait, let's continue. 3 minutes and 24 seconds.

Such good audio sounds. I can just use this to do whatever I want. Do I want someone to say a fucking fuck with someone? Yeah, you can say a fucking fuck with someone.

I'll make you a cartoon. Maybe I'll make you a cartoon depicting exactly how you look right now. Maybe a funny cartoon. Haha.

Might you make a cartoon of you, dude. You make a funny cartoon. I'm going to finish fucking work and I'm going to go back and be in the morrow. Shut your fucking hole or I'll fall the fucking coffers.

2 minutes 24 seconds. I fucking work for a fucking living mate. Good job. I don't need to hear this shit.

Thank you. You are quiet compared to most people around here. I don't fucking deal with you mate. I respect you more than most people around here.

I don't want a piece of a shit like you. It's not because of his race or anything. and it's because he's just a piece of shit. I hope it's...

Oh, it's my SD card. Oh, it's gonna be too big for my SD card. I don't know. It's another SD card, man.

I can't order the SD card quite quick. I hope it's not. But it's just, they're too good. So my focus is all crap, because it started out Zoom.

Kind of Zoom, you can see. Playing around with the camera. They're too good. I've seen cops come here for less.

Okay, I'll be here 59 seconds. 46 seconds, 33 seconds, 24 seconds.

Let's change it right now. But let's see if our camera can be restored after the waves of the signer. Let's see if Hayes can help us here. If he can bring us good fortune, because he does.

and Hayes is a friend. One of them we realized that we had the frame right. We always had the frame right. The devil, we need to start looking at monsters.

Little monsters. Please? Yay. Is that me?

There's no SD card in it. Come back to me. You come back to me. Thanks me.

I don't know what song you're singing to, but I want you to know that this isn't named after me. So if you think it's named after me, and you have some problems with interpretation. Look it up. Please girl, remember what I'm gonna say.

We gotta tune it up right. I'm teaching you how to tune this live. So we gotta learn how to look at our environment in the right way in order for us to look at the right lights.

But how are we to know which lights to look at And what it is that we're really talking about at the end of the day. Or I can present all these little mini-stories within a big story that's way outside of me.

And when you say it like that, what I'm doing is so tiny. But when you look at it in the scope of human existence, what I'm doing is way outside you. So, oh, see, I did it again. I don't need to talk to society. Why am I doing that? I'm doing that. I'm trained to do that. Like, this is how I've reacted by not being allowed to talk about the subjects that really I care about and not being allowed to talk, really, and not being someone that people want to communicate with on a day-to-day basis.

So, I'm bitter, I really am, and I hope that you, girl, I hope that you, I agree that whatever your name is, and when I learn your name, I'm going to learn so many things, because I'm going to realize so many things, but I hope that you can help me get beyond this, because this is a problem that I'm going to have for a long time, and I've realized it now and maybe I won't. I don't know. I'm pretty damaged, girl. I mean, I'm just as damaged as you and I know you're damaged. So come to me and we'll be damaged together and we'll

get awesome because of how damaged we are. You know, I don't really want to call you Debbie because Debbie is a person that we should respect even though I'm never going find her but like it's the conception of what Debbie was that's really what I'm looking for and I know I call you a lot of names that are fictional but I would really like us to respect Debbie for who she she made me really and she won't be a pet name for you. I only used that for the means that it needed to serve and it will help explain to you a lot why I am the way I am. I would like to name our children after they're born. I have a lot of good recommendations

and I know a lot about mythology and a lot of the names that we could use could really be based around that and they'd be beautiful names. But at the end of the day it's your choice and I think it would be fair if you could have 100% free reign on that choice as long as you did it after they were born. I don't mean immediately after they were born, but at least a week or so. And from our discussions you could make the best decision possible because you're the mother, you're the mother of humanity.

This camera is working on and off, so we have to figure it out. It probably has to dry out, I'm not sure if I'll get it for good, but maybe, yeah, let's give it that. Do we wait for it, or should we close the camera, that's the question, is it worth waiting for? To be honest, nothing is, oh, ooh, it is, it's awesome, so it was, and there's my receipt number I took note of it even though I won't have to worry about that but this whole system makes it so easy look at that I just I just now fixed it all back in action I was wondering what's going on hey dude I just thought I'd make a quick video to show you how it works on a tablet all right it's in my mouth so I can't talk very well but I'll show you you'll see all right that's beautiful there's a pinky there but I sent you like a purpley thing um since you actually see this purple thing which I guess we get a lot and if you're happy with that pink if you think that pink looks good there then I'll keep it but you know I was hoping for something you know kind of see there look you see what is it doing there what is it doing there okay but I can stop it by clicking that but you said you know if you had like a lighter purple than that I was thinking it'd be kind of cool um which i thought really that was um but maybe not i don't know uh you probably just put a swab on it and looked at it and if that's what you like then that's what we'll keep because i think it's really cool what you've done that whole dude but this thing doesn't work see but but this is supposed to see like the the way this touch works is you know you keep your finger on that and it should you know it should go around I don't know but this still works but the strumming feature on it doesn't work and this this should be made for a 10 inch tablet so I'm sorry we got a little bit work to do but please let's work fast but I'll pay you know we will whatever we need to do let's do you know as long as we're working you know on on these six dollar intervals uh i can afford it right now because i really need to get this done um let's get this see see there's a zoom thing um which is why html doesn't work very well for it um because i don't want that you know i just want it to sit there and be able to play the lyre um i actually uh see i'll show you how i want see this is how a lyre is played you see you're holding it like this so I can't see myself and I really didn't plan to do this but you're like holding like this and then you're playing like that but you see I don't want the sizing thing to happen this shouldn't be able to occur and I should be able to strung see I can't strung like there's something and And there's that problem. So I'll just continue until I click something else.

So I hope that helped. And please let's get this as soon as possible. I'm working hard. So let's do it.

How should we communicate to those around us?

You see, that was a healthy way to communicate to other people without communicating to you. But you need to see that to see how I communicate to other people or how I should communicate. So maybe I'm teaching myself how to communicate to other people. But these are people that want to be around, people that are doing stuff like this.

And even if I have to pay him to do really awesome stuff, then I don't care. Because he's still doing really awesome stuff through me, even though I'm paying him. and he's releasing it for free so even though I'm paying him for it so who cares it doesn't matter the end result is the same. Just doing it. Go cops you're so smart you always know exactly

what's gonna happen because you love you love within your actions you're always thinking about love every time you pull over or handcuff an innocent person you're thinking about how much you love humanity. No no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no Cops are awesome yeah. We can fix all our problems yeah. We should entirely rely on the cops to fix all of our problems because they are so awesome.

It's like the perfect time to be vacuuming, yeah.

I'm not just vacuuming, like crashing everything around while you do it. Vacuum style.

There's no sleep here. Actually, I've had the best sleep I've ever had here, but it wasn't because it was quiet.

I know something's going to happen, and I fail to be here. I don't want to be standing here. I don't want to have to do this every night because this is like, this is so interesting and so sad at the same time and my arms hurt from having to hold this freaking camera up. To get the shots that I get, like, you saw how I had to develop, like, it's not easy to be able to hold the zoom like I do and not only the zoom, you got, okay, this little rectangle bit here, this thing, you take your two spare fingers and you like hold them, so, you know, on that, and then you get much better focus, uh, focus, not really focus, much better, uh, uh, shot. And to be honest, I'm tired of this crap and I could catch the

best footage in the world if i just like stop doing this sorry started if i just stayed up all the time doing this i catch some awesome footage but but to be honest i'm not too concerned about this right here because i got something much more important uh... let's look where mercury is no let's look where venus is You guys were doing something before. I got it on camera though, it's okay. That's still amazing.

I love you guys. You guys did something amazing for me and everybody thinks I'm crazy. My father wouldn't even talk to me. But I got it on camera.

So I don't have to say screw you guys because I'm talking to just one girl, aren't I? Say it's funny, he he he he. They're all idiots. You know what I mean.

I can't believe what I caught on footage before. Like this is seriously nothing to what I caught. I caught something amazing. And the people I talked to made me think I was stupid.

But, you know, I got it, I got it. I'll forever have it. Thank you, Venus, I love you. I love what children you're going to give me.

Please think about all of the effort involved here, my dear, behind the scenes.

What do you think I do while I watch these numbers crunch? I don't know what the game is.

Let's see what the game is from me doing the game. Me playing it.

Here's the game. Because it is irrelevant how sick of a game I'm playing because the game that everybody else around me is playing is way worse than what I'm playing. Way, way, way, way, way. Here we go, so I'm just copying the link.

Sometimes things take a while, so it's demo. And this is what I pasted. And I send it. And we're gonna send it now.

And of course it's there. Then when he sat on the demo, see how easy it was, even a child could do it.

Please, please. No way. Okay, please. I am sorry.

No. No. I am sorry. Please.

No, I am joking. Okay? Do I have to go to the first place, get ready, or I will put you in place?

I will put it. Oh, he's just standing out there talking trash to him? Seriously. Again, same thing.

We know where this is going.

A good neighbor, I've been a good neighbor.

This becomes our tool, and after a long time, we make the decision to do what we need to do. It's not worth it. Even though they work, like, just because something works doesn't mean it's worth having, because it doesn't mean it's going to continue to work. Not worth it, not worth it.

contemplate about what you keep.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



07-1984-Book-06-VI-Scribe-of-Clio

stars, Greece, Jupiter, and Saturn. Following the discovery of a sixth planet in the 18th century, the name Eurors was chosen as the logical addition to the series. Formars, us in Greek, was the son of Jupiter, Jupiter, Zeus in Greek, the son of Saturn, and Saturn, Chris in Greek, the son of Eurors. What is anomalous is that, while the others take Roman names, Eurors is a name derived from Greek in contrast to the Roman Celis. Constorts

and children- goodness this is gonna be when the game I'm about to redo the game and and this is when it happened oh and I was born in 1984 oh my goodness oh my goodness this is the game that I'm about to do oh my goodness okay let's let's read what we're about to do okay is it just me or have we really just come into contact with the ultimate learning tool that will fix everything whether i'm crazy or not is irrelevant but how much am i learning right now just by doing this and and i'm doing this without audio but you can do audio and you can talk to it you can set this up however you want you can do it however you feel at the time and this is this is the amount we can learn so let's do it I'm going to do it I'm going to tell the creation story but I'm going to explain a little bit about how I do it before I do it so you can receive the content better okay so first I'm going to be telling the creation story from our mythology our Greco-Roman mythology second I'll be telling this Dungeons and Dragons game story that I told 2002 to 2003 I was the game master for so I'll be your game master today which is really the core content of what I'm talking about because we got to get through this before we can go to the future which is going to be the third story and that third story is what our human potential is capable of and and what potential future we could have and I want us to keep all these stories relating. You'll receive the content best if you do this. So if you think of every single story relating in some way and if you connect the dots and the parts of the stories, then you'll understand something very deep. So that's our objective. Let's

see if we can achieve that objective. And it's going to be a hard day. I've got a lot plan and I got to learn a lot before I go out and I got to think about how I'm going to present it and I got a lot of walking ahead of me so let's prepare for what you're about to receive because I'm going to be fast I'm going to try to give you the content very quickly because the thing is you can review this content you can come back to it later I mean that's what it's set up for I'm giving you things very fast and even though lately I've been giving you very slow things I've actually been trying to get you to read it that's really to encourage you to be able to you know pause it so if I pause if I have a three second clip you should be able to pause it and and read that whole entire section so this really is to try to train you because we don't do that in our current media so that's but but also I'm really trying to capture you know the angles that I'm at and stuff like that because like what north southeast and west and like and all the really rotations that I'm involved in and it's a difficult task because because I keep getting led to other stuff and and maybe I get led through it to it through crazy means but I end up finding something out about it that and I think I'm on to something I think I want something big and no one's listening no one cares it's like everyone's in their own little world and I think I'm I'm finding I think I'm discovering something amazing and and if I'm not then who cares because I'm this crazy guy giving you awesome content that's very meaningful around coincidences, which doesn't really matter either way, not to me. So I'm happy in the person that I am, in the skin that I am, and I will be your game master for this production if you even care to watch it.

And if you do, I hope you enjoy it and you get some quality content that you can not only understand theoretically, but also practically apply to your own life it's gone out it's gone out hell Apollo hell another Apollo oh there's only one here we go hell is Apollo we just need the right wick don't forget that we will have to read books again and again Sun chips check Oreos check cigarettes check the The divine fungus. There's always the right time. Too bad we don't understand the words that we use. Brain freeze, gotta love brain freeze.

We live in an awesome world. Yay.

I was just telling you what I had. Oh, it's so cool. Let's look at this whole thing. I have Coke, margarita mix, raspberry, pineapple.

Pineapple, raspberry, I added more raspberry because I think I like raspberry the best out of all that. I don't know, that pineapple, I don't know, I gotta taste it, but I got lots of layers there. I love suicides. Plans have changed, but I'll explain it to you later.

How can we trademark a god? Remember that if it's not ready, it's not ready. Don't force it.

And take breaks, take breaks. It'll come when it needs to come. It'll come soon. Soon.

But we go where we're led. will show us many beautiful girls but we will have to follow them back to our origins in order to find the right fit and eventually we will find our perfect fit but she will be small and slightly damaged we recall stuff we want to recall here since the first day I came to Canberra the last sky fire exact shot the right shot that we need let's move our bodies around to position ourself in the best spot for the rest of our lives i like this guy gotta find the right moment

might have already found it they'll find out later an entire world originate from and revolve around mythology and not even know it why do people think i talk in riddles i speak very clearly i spent my life learning articulation and people get confused when words come out of my mouth why are we really that stupid okay here's what we do we got we play society yeah guys that's the sun you know it's just the sun yeah yeah let's take for granted the sun let's overlook what the sun is oh guys you see it's water yeah you know water is just water that's uh nothing like anything important it's just water guys yeah let's overlook that oh oh minerva wisdom let's let's overlook any wisdom let's overlook what it means to spread our wings and and do that we don't want to do that oh the ground and which provides us nutrition and a stable habitat uh let's overlook that we don't want to actually think about that We'll forget about Demeter there. Oh, it's the sky. What's the sky? Oh, it's the sky.

I don't know. You know, just stuff in the sky. We'll forget about Zeus. Don't worry about Zeus.

It's just, you know, it's there. It's always been there. Let's overlook that. I can keep going.

You want me to keep going? I'll keep going for the rest of my life. I can find you, girl. Keep going.

no idea what war is we gotta overlook that you know we'll just let you know our oppressors tell us what to do there no idea what murderous Mars is never really thought about because it's always been there and I'm an idiot because I'm a fucking human in this last carton they had thirty dollars for 24 to do how can Can I explain to you how big of a relief this is? We have this many more points to make before we finish 1984. That store is crappy, they weren't even very nice there, so we must go back to tradition. But even though I was Doughboy at Domino's for years, they are so retarded.

This is the second time I've had to call them, so this is how good our technology is right now. It's been, what, almost an hour that I've been trying to order pizza and been unable to order pizza, trying on the Android app, calling and telling me to order here, and then calling again and waiting.

Yes?

I have been trying to order this over the internet from an email I got from Domino's last night, and I would like to order this using this voucher code, but I'm getting getting arrows on both the android application and the website is that okay can i do that three for three thirty three dollars that's all i wanted i've been trying to do this for an hour it's been an hour i'm so hungry i just want pizza all right thank you so much i would like but but there's a problem with your internet yeah there's a problem with your internet and and it's not accepting these vouchers what about the two for 21 can you do me the two for 21 you can't give me two three for $33, which is the voucher that I have that I've been trying to use for the last hour. Can you give me the $2 for $21? I have, hold on, I have that voucher on my phone. Give me a second, I'll get it for you. Okay. I'm just trying to order pizza, and I got

lots of vouchers, which they're all valid, so I don't see why that's not... Okay, hold on, I just gotta go to the internet here. Because this one, and this one right here, This one's actually specific to the South Canberra Fishwick store. I'm on the Domino's website on the Fishwick store.

$21.95, it says it is, for two pizzas. Hold on, it's loading.

And that one gets an error on your website, too, when I try to order it. Hold on, I've got to refresh it.

It's two large, two traditional pizzas, garlic bread, and a 1.25 liter Coke. $21.95, oh, sorry, that's pickup, isn't it? Delivered. It's $31.95.

Two traditional pizzas, garlic bread, and a 1.2. It is $58.508.

But this is actually, it says available, okay, online. But I'm getting an error online. And I have a camera right here plugged in, pointing to your phone, talking to you, right? And I'm looking at this error right now on my computer.

And the thing is, I already had the camera pointed at my phone when I got an error on my, your internet system's not working right. That doesn't make any sense because I've been doing this on multiple devices, and multiple devices don't, are you getting voucher orders on the internet? Can you verify that you're actually getting voucher orders on the internet? Okay, so I'm gonna, you know, I'm just gonna, that's ridiculous, you know, okay, I'm gonna really, you know, I'm a documentary filmmaker, and I'm gonna release this.

You know, I used to work for Domino's for three years, actually, I worked for Domino's, and this is ridiculous, so see you later, I'm not interested. I'm gonna go, bye. Yay, I hacked it and got it even cheaper. Just keep on playing with it until you get what you want.

I used to know that, but it's been so long since I've done this. Delivery, what? It makes no sense. And I got it so cheap.

I got it cheaper than I wanted, like, wait, like, well, by $3. And they wanted to charge me, like, $15 each. Let's show them by, uh, by recording them when they, uh, when they deliver it. Come on, where's the order button? Come on.

See how intuitive, we gotta think about how intuitive these designs are. Look, there's good choice range and then there's the shit, but where's freaking order? I just want to order, like, it's done. It's there.

Look, we can go online Coke deals or we can go Super Saturday. Like, that's awesome now that I got that, but, uh, whatever. I was just telling me to go see it's just going to be advertisements why are they doing that you know I've already got my order there why can't I just go you know straight to the see now I gotta go sides like how gay is this like seriously like this is how we're using our internet you know they're a bunch of hackers so we just got to keep on going through all the menus yay yay yay just so you're aware I'm cold blooded my temperature usually runs at 36.1 degrees Celsius which is almost an entire degree below average so these ski pants are really awesome for me the first time I got ski pants was in Ballarat and it was really cold I was up on a mountain without any good quality clothes at all and I had to wait for a paycheck. I froze so much on that mountain and then I knew I needed some good pants because it's really windy too. It's just so cold. It snowed once too.

So those ski pants literally saved my life and eventually they wore out because I used them very well. Like they got all their use out of it and now I I had to get some new ones and uh these are actually uh not new these are actually used um from uh they're ex ski rentals um and they only cost fifty dollars which is really good the last ones cost eighty dollars and these are way better quality but it took like I had to go through a hole like there's holes in all the pockets of them so I had to go like through maybe 50 or 60 pairs and find the right size and then I had to find ones without holes in the pockets so to find smalls and smalls are hard to find and then people are like I just wear mediums or whatever and it's like you don't understand like I don't have to worry about these ever falling off I don't ever need a belt like like I just put them on and they're really comfortable and they look cool and I'm so good I'm so glad like now that I'm warm and I got all the electronics that I need and I got all of the batteries that I need I got all of the bags that I need I got everything that I need so I don't need anything else um you know so what's my money gonna go on I guess I guess it's gonna go on kidding me in the right place which which uh I gotta move that's what I gotta do gotta get out camera camera's been so scary I hate camera I hate camera please help me get out camera I gotta get count I'm gonna get out camera soon okay so here's what I've been told to do I got three pizzas for $30 and I have three points left to make which will probably end up as three productions um maybe more but uh if the others would just be to show you how to do stuff i think it's just going to end up as three productions to be honest um so i got now well as of sunday tomorrow so after i released that then i got three days um to finish 1984 off so let's see how we can make our pizza Dear God, after three years, you've given me three pizzas. Please nourish my soul, as this meal will nourish my body. Please be with me, Venus.

I'm gonna have pizza in so long. This is private. One slice. A fire eater.

And the third one, they gave me meat, and I don't eat meat, and I took meat off, but they still put it on. put it on so I don't eat it but I guess I'll ask my neighbor if he wants it because I don't eat it. Neighbors aren't home. Call Domino's. They're going to give me a free garlic bread

and drink and I was actually nice to them because they gave me two pizzas and my stomach is all happy now and they gave me two that are really good but I can't touch that guy. Can't touch that guy Getting two extra things. Oh, it's funny how these multiply and all the hardships you go through you always get I don't know They probably spit on them. They probably spit on them because I'm such a difficult person They won't spit on this one. I was really nice throwing this time, but uh

That's because they I'm not hungry anymore. You know, I don't eat much. You know these are gonna last me so long I don't eat much at all, but but when I do some sometimes I'll I really fast and feast and this is gonna be a feast and I bet you I bet you through the night I'll go through these I'll go through them and and the reason why this night is so important which probably none of you probably you guys think I'm crazy probably but but I've been celebrating all the gods now like like over the past six months really I've been I've been really we're showing you all how we should worship these divine entities and I've really been focusing on the 12 Olympians but now it's time for me to focus on Bacchus and Bacchus is it's really what constitutes me and I've been avoiding it so whether you think I'm being a stupid or not this is a this is an important segment and if you're my other half and then soon you'll understand if you if you don't already we'll make our third choice the same as the first why are we such loud people why do we have to be so loud like people get upset when someone's talking loud because they're being passionate about what they're talking about but then people have music really really loud and people scream and whistle when you can hear them from the other side of the But why on earth do we do this? I don't understand.

Why can't we just be respectful to people?



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



07-1984-Book-07-VII-Axis-of-Urania

Please give us good footage See if we gain it Maybe we'll just get closer to it We've just done a few lifetimes worth of work

Now let's review during childhood initiated by my father Myself my father my brother and when we could get my mother involved we would take off commercials So let's do that today. Oh no, I don't know why they stole it

could be I don't know it's kind of funny because the symbolic mean but when did that happen today's good was it like a big beer bottle or just like a you said two people that's crazy was there blood lots of it how many cops came 10 I've seen like 12 years or maybe more after 100 years of building upon solid foundations, our heart has flourished. If you are lonely and searching for companionship, can Barons openly admit that it will only take around three years for them to get to know you and accept you into their community? And if you are struggling to find work, then we will make sure we criticize your appearance as well as call the cat team if you talk about uncomfortable subjects and we will feed you no matter how ungrateful you are and if you do not think like we want you to we will incarcerate you restrict your body and force medications upon you don't forget Canberra the next time that you make your travel arrangements, because we really take care of our students, because we have made Canberra the vision of humanity. And if you have any concerns, please don't be afraid to voice them, for we will deeply consider them after we have failed to pay passage into the house of Hades, and we will reject the most brilliant of students because they threaten our worthless existence.

But our chosen habitat will beautify the ugliness within our hearts. And you will be able to see our hearts from every direction. Where is it? And if you are unable to afford a safe and secure location to reside during your stay in Canberra, then don't worry, we will provide some for you.

We will even carry your bags. Arigato gozaimashite. We can't forget the map. Last one, and I usually show you there, but now let's see the man behind the camera.

If you have grown fond of your possession, then don't fret, because it is only a matter of time before we get the opportunity to take them from you my god my god please save the city or destroy it not what it used to be it'll be three soon but you can rest safe because our protectors are highly skilled at ignoring video evidence ignoring cases of stalking and actually laughing at them starting filming right now okay so you require my ID because I'm sitting here in front of the police station and I do have ID here let me I've been here for a year originally I've moved around my entire alive i don't really want to tell you the story uh am i not allowed to sit here is that not thanks mate i appreciate it am i not allowed to sit here that's the question i'll move if that's the case if you want is that the case i thought this is beautiful right here this right here i thought it was beautiful there's no problem we just want to there's a problem you came out here and you asked me for my id because i took a picture of your city police no no you listen to me We just had concerns for your welfare, mate. My welfare? So I'm sitting here in a really beautiful spot with some really interesting artwork, taking pictures of our protectors? Just settle down for me, okay?

You know, there's a lot of crime out there, real crime, that you couldn't be taking care of, and I'm just sitting here. Do you want to search my stuff? Do you want to handcuff me? Then what do you want to do?

You just need to calm down, all right? You settle down for me. What did I do? Tell me what I did.

I was concerned for your welfare. So, what, I'm sick? Binoculars? A camera? Is this binoculars? Here, a couple of reports. Reports? A camera.

See, it's a camera. We're only here to find out. Mate, I'm just trying to cut the person checks on it. Do whatever you want.

Okay. Go? Do I have to go? Is that a tattoo?

This one is a bete, which means excellence or virtue. This one is phronesis, which means practical wisdom, which is what I strive for every day. This one is agape, which is love of humanity i got a big cross on my back my whole life is for virtue and you're sitting here there's a lot of crime out there just out of interest i just asked you well i just told you i just told you yeah i'm not riding on your parade i'm just interested well i was just sitting here is that bad you can stay sitting there it's no problem mr nesbeth where are you staying in canberra well right now i'm in stewart flats are you living here now i am i'm gonna leave shortly yeah yeah Yeah, how long have you been in camp before? Over a year?

Yeah, fair enough. Never been in any trouble with boys. No, never in my life. I've been a good boy.

Look at this. This is my cross. I completely understand. Then why are you, why ha, okay, now you're gonna, you wanna get 10 more out?

You wanna get more out? Mate, they're just wondering, carrying on, wondering what conference will come. Why are you coming here? What did I do wrong?

I'm checking your welfare, KB. We're just making sure. We're just a bit concerned about ya. Welfare?

I'm doing fine. I'm sitting here looking at a beautiful mountain with a camera. Look, look, Canberra's a beautiful place, right? Is this wrong for me to do this?

No, I was just a bit concerned about you. Okay. Okay. Okay, why?

Well, you've been sitting here a while. No, I've been sitting here for like three minutes. I've been walking all the way from actually the mountain, and I went for a walk, and I came here. I've been sitting here for like three minutes.

I took a picture of city police, and then two minutes later, you get three guys coming out, two guys coming out, and now you've got four. two oh well now now you got three three guys one female so i mean what what did i do wrong are you gonna write me a ticket dude do all the checks you want yeah so just settle it's all right we'll go in a minute but why why what did i do wrong because i was concerned about you and i don't why could you tell me why you're concerned about me i'm just sitting here why would i sit in the if i was doing anything wrong why would i sit in front of the police shush let her talk lock me up Let her talk please. Okay, talk. Alright, I was...

Talk. Can you put down a little bit so I can see your face? Thank you. I was concerned from what I could see of you, thought you were thrashing your arms around.

I thought you had some concerns. So I was concerned. I asked the other officers to come out and check to make sure you're okay, which is all they're doing. They're going to do a police check.

If everything comes back fine, we'll go. Why are you doing a police check though? Do you do a police check on every single individual? Everyone we stop and talk to.

Yeah, but why are you stopping? because i take a picture of your city police sign which which this is the city police that i'm seeing right now this is the people you target there's a lot of crime out there that i am a victim of every single day right i've already put police reports i went in there i got stalking cases i got at least six stalking cases and i went in there and you know what you guys laughed at me i went in there to report it and you said no we're not going to do any report we can't we can't find out who it is so like because i'm a documentary filmmaker and you're on a film what you want to see what do you want from me i was just sitting out here i was actually i gave you an explanation yeah to do a police check that's an explanation to do a police check yeah yes it is okay so that's that's probable cause to do a police check yes it is okay so you can just not not worry about all the crime around here. Do you have a policing degree? Do you have a policing degree?

No, you don't. So you don't know what the rules are. Stop talking. You don't understand what the rules are, do you? No, you don't.

You don't have a clue. You do not have a clue. Cert 2 and Cert 3 in security operations, which is still a security... She just asked me if I had a qualification.

Well, you're questioning my qualifications. You didn't question mine, you said I didn't. I did, I questioned you. No, you said I didn't and then he told me to shut up.

But after you just asked. Yeah, like what, seriously.

Sir, Mr. Nesman. Yes, yes sir. Put everything down for me so I can talk to you first mate.

Yes sir. Have you had any dealings with the mental health cause, ACT or Western Australian Mental Health before? I have, yes sir. How did that go for you?

That went good, I got cleared of everything. You're cleared of everything? I'm cleared of everything. All right, have you got a caseworker or anything like that?

I got Erin from Vinnie's. Yes. And have you been seeing her at all? I do.

I've actually got an appointment to see her. Well, next week I got an appointment. Next week? Next week, yes.

Have they put you on any medication or anything like that? No, and I don't need to be on any medication. I'm just asking questions, okay? Are you a doctor?

No, I'm a police officer. Then why are you questioning my mental stability? Because I'm allowed to, okay? Are you?

Yes. Okay. That's right, okay? Under mental health legislation, I'm asking you just general questions.

Okay, and what did I do wrong to deserve this questioning? Mate, you've already been told by the other officer here. Can I leave? Mate, go for you.

I can leave now. Yeah, go for you. Well, where are you living in Stuart Platts, just quickly, mate? What's your address there?

What did I do? Mate, where are you living in Stuart Platts? This is your services. You know, that's what it's worth.

It's rubbish now, okay? Well, why have you got our chief police officer's name on there? Because I've had dealings with him in the past. Have you?

Yes, I have. Oh, I don't think so. Yes, I have. Okay.

You ask him. You mentioned my name. I'm not going to give him anything. He put my name on it right there.

He knows me. He's not part of the OP anymore. Is he? Oh, good. You got rid of him.

So now you got someone else that can do poor work like you guys do anyway. Alright, thanks for your efforts, mate. My efforts? What, I was just sitting here?

So people can't sit here in front of your police station without this happening. I'm not, I'm not. That's beautiful. that's really beautiful that's why I sat there this is our police force I'm sorry my Aboriginal friends for what us white people made your country I'm also sorry for what we made you this is the tattoo that I'm getting next on my birthday to be able to follow stuff too it's such a skill it is and be able to see with your eyes and then line it up pelican they are pterodactyl descendents descendants of pterodactyls oh that's cool beautiful i can get him for a few kilometers

recorded bits i've got bits and pieces recording in high school uh when i went to the middle east in the early 80s with my buddy we traveled we taped people that we met You slept on the

All right tell her hi

Yeah, yeah, see yeah, and I can get all of these really quickly

Yeah, I can get them both together too

Earlier Poseidon was the ways but miss that And it does interesting things with the sun and I can change the exposure on it to look different. But to be honest, looking natural is most of the time the best. If you can get it to look similarly to how you see it, then it's usually the best. But I think there are certain times where you use artistic portrayals of overexposure and stuff like that.

okay so this guy is from this guy just then and this guy was from my wallet but this guy has video files from this guy i can't turn it in on itself but i would if i could um and i'm not sure what they're from and i don't do that so i gotta figure out how i'm not gonna tell you the story of how it turns out, but these are the sort, and I got to make sure I time it up right. So all the ones on these guys, I got to rename to fit the last ones that are on these guys. So that's the sort of task that you can look forward to when you're running multiple devices. But that's part of the fun.

And to be honest, I'm not going to watch it, I'm not going to, I mean it's going to be end either way um so i'm just going to watch it when it comes to it uh which is the end because i have to relive these things again and again and again but you see by doing this i become a genius i am self-made and was not naturally this way because when you use the world as a notebook then you can capture every event that your heart desires and then when you release it in this format you are required to study it and refine your ideas and and and fix up any mistakes if there was any are really evolved misconceptions into concrete understandings and this is what can And enable any person who is really talented enough to see through our modern day image portrayals to become a genius.

My life is a divine tragedy because I suffer so much doing all of this.

But oh boy, that end result, it is so worth it. because it has just enabled me to do what I'm about to do fix it please fix it please fix it fix it dear girl I'm in the house without right I don't know what world you guys are living in but mine creates a much better individual change it to scenery and just leave it on there that even does okay it'll do all right with close-up not very good but it'll work like if we transition it doesn't matter too much at least we capture that what needs to be captured and the other still gets the point across so we can use these things to get the shots we want but all literally metaphorically and allegorically because We can just set up our lives and sort of know what's going to happen just by how people respond to someone doing something that's a little bit different.

When we do this, this is called alienation.

What is our freedom? How much freedom do we have?

I'm showing you how much freedom each and every individual has. then change that to auto, okay look at the shadow, you get holes in the shadow you can use the circle to draw a picture you can use different lights that have different circles to draw halves of circles you can use all these images to draw like all these shapes you know stains they kind of think this is what nature does with how it disperses um so you know if that you know what could that be let's look at that what can we make that and we got like a lot of these shapes and i'm capturing heaps of them right now. And then we see the divine tragedy behind the film's coolness. I can't see it in the focus. I'm not good at, I kind of prefer sometimes to go in and out, but this is just

really bad. So why don't we play with it and see if we can learn what these values mean. isn't that how I guess that's point four if we go in more okay point four that's okay let's let's go point five yeah you see point four point four six oh no that's out oh now it's on scenery so we gotta go back get that perfect shot Oops, how do we go? 1.5? Okay, 1.5 is the minimum. Is that right? Can we op it? No, no, I said the perfect shot was back there. And maybe, maybe we could just capture the perfect shot by doing this.

God just tells me where to be and I make sure that I'm there who would have thought there would be so much potential in one individual just by them showing what they are doing let's see if open source saves the day we'll be searching for these are we seriously so blind to see that right in front of us the gods form council but we must never forget that Pluto is right behind us I'm getting this on footage once before see it doesn't like that point it doesn't like that it's that's around Pluto it doesn't like Pluto see see that it is making us go away from it let's let's try to zoom in on pluto okay so we got neptune

pluto okay here we go pluto what's around pluto that's in line oh it doesn't like pluto neptune rigel cancer cancer is in the line cancer is in the line line and then pluto Oh, we're getting Pluto in the line, in the line, in the line, we're getting in the line, see this line, we're coming back, we're coming back, we got to cancer, going, going down, going around, going around, doesn't like Pluto, here we go, go around, let's look around Pluto, oh, it's our cross, it's where I love us, we know some of these, oh, it's so confused, Pluto, what's around you? We're all in the line. It's a confusing line. Let's try it again.

Start from the beginning. From Cancer. Oh, there we go. We're going to try again because it's confused.

Cancer. June. Council of the Gods. June.

Uranus. Say Uranus. Not Uranus. Let's see, we're up here, up here, and then we're going to reach cancer again, right there, cancer, and then the gods, this is how we dance, this is how we dance, this is how we dance, look, this is how we dance, yay, this is our dance.

This is the divine dance of the gods. How is one to dance? What does dancing school bring? Am I a worse dancer than any other dancer you've seen? Whether you realize it or not, I've done something amazing.

And look at all of this. Like, what I'm saying is true. It's true. and I know I'm crazy and I kind of use that but oh we get lost we get lost we gotta bring there there we come back and we bring we realign our our dance to be that of a healthy nature this is my dance world and I will never forget this dance and I will take advantage of it and make you watch as much as you as I want you to because I told you so the whole time I think the closer I bring these together to orientate ourselves against the world again because these GPS's aren't perfect and they take time to to track and each I mean this is doing pretty good considering that it's sending packets you know, of where I am, my location, and which direction I'm looking at. I mean, this is

the, this is our technology, guys. This is everything. And what do we, we got to learn how to use this technology, and we can either become reliant on it, or we can use it to make us brilliant people. And that's the ultimate question there is, that we really have to answer is uh whether we're going to just use it to become really lazy and crappy people um which i have practically uh demonstrated to you perseus then we can all become really cool people it's tracking it's tracking you see and i'll forever have this moment and i'll forever know which direction i mean the consistent things that you see like you see this consistently in certain spot you know that's where it is you'd like you you know it's in because you see that right there and I can figure out that you know it's pretty easy to figure out what direction I'm facing so this is it we're also see if we can capture any other sky or I'll read it I mean I might have missed something it was a bit weird about with Pluto he didn't like it at first it's amazing. Seriously amazing. And here are our sights. Memories. Okay, in the year 2002, I went to

America with my ex-wife. Of course, she was my wife at that stage. And I got a job doing tech support. And I was really good at it and got promoted really quickly. But at that job, I found

some interesting people who were interested in Dungeons and Dragons, but I didn't want to do normal Dungeons and Dragons and I wanted a power game. So I did like a modern, I took the modern book as well as all the other Dungeons and Dragons books and combined them into a really awesome story and I was a very good game master for that. But I'll tell you the story which i don't know like knowing what i know now and what i knew then uh i'm not sure if i would have done that story okay but what happened is that uh the moon um a big meteorite hit the moon and it knocked the moon off orbit and uh and it was so big that it caused it to to come into earth's gravitational pull so then we got the moon coming down to the earth and all of these characters uh pretty much they were they had it was in the future so there was technology like advanced technology and there's some pretty cool things set up um that weapons and and and And structures really, like worlds, set up in the future so we could stretch the limits of the game. But the moon was coming down to the earth and they knew about it for a while but they didn't know a way to stop it from happening.

So then basically they tried but they failed. But these are a lot of times common characters so they got to create their characters, whoever they want. Anybody. And then they have to figure out how to get on this craft, this top secret craft that is going, or it's not really 100% top secret, like some people knew about it, but it was transporting like the best people into a different, they had a wormhole into a wormhole.

and that wormhole was supposed to go to another planet which they colonized and I'm sorry I don't remember the planet but I did use a planet and it's sad because I didn't understand the gods in this way but now that I do there's a lot more meaning that I can understand but maybe I'll remember it later, I probably will, that's usually how because now I'm remembering it just by talking to the camera I'm trying, I'm jogging my memory. I mean, I haven't experienced this in a long time. This is old.

So 2002, 2002, 2003, it was a year-long game. It was really good, and everybody in it, well, everybody that stayed in it, which was, you know, like four or five people. Sometimes we had six, you know, regular comers. And what happened, though, is they got onto the ship, but something went wrong at the last moment and there was more meteorites and it caused their wormhole to stuff up and they got thrown into like somewhere like some other realm of existence and uh and then they basically crash landed um on some weird planet and that weird planet was like a fantasy kind of mythology kind of what I portray our world to be because or I reinterpret and then try to show you my lens so that's how I mean like this is a game this is a game and all we got to do is tweak and fine tune the more we understand people the more we can understand their negative reactions towards positive positive output and when you notice that and you figure out how to act that then you can expose the truth for what it is because that's the truth and when you just present like they didn't like but this happens all the time like I get in situations where people don't realize what I'm doing because I'm explaining what I'm doing and they don't people don't shoot so that gives me like and I'm the first to do this so eventually people will start to realize that people have the ability to do this um and then more people do it and then people will get more self-aware and then we get like a positive big brother thing happening because if we're all watching each other then we'll all behave in a more polite way around each other because when we're in public areas it's public and this is my public use of reason the constant enlightenment and if we can just expose our stupidity for exactly what it is then over time the people that are receptive people that are receptive to how much meaning is in this and And people that are receptive to the details, like when I put myself in situations, like I'll use an example, earlier today when I jumped down the big pit and then around the other side and then jumped down onto the road, most people won't pick up on exactly what I did and the altitude that was involved there, but the thing is I'm not looking for most people because most people can't become as brilliant as me and I'm looking for the ones that can become as brilliant as me because if I can find the ones that can become as brilliant as me then I can connect with them and then become more brilliant around them and not only that they would start to do what I'm doing and then learn in the same way and become more brilliant people and then eventually you'll have a big outcome and if only 1% of the population ends up doing this then we're all welcome to our new world, welcome to the world of the gods and and yes I'm a mythology I'm a fantasy I mean I'm driven towards fantasy so much but that fantasy is our reality or at least my reality so I love when this sort of stuff happens and you know if this is just coincidence or whatever then then who cares man like like I create some really awesome stuff with coincidence if that's what it is and and it will never be disputed because it is nonfiction because I am a nonfiction documentary maker who has tweaked his psychology to perceive the world in the aspect of the gods that's what I do and if you call me crazy I don't care the results speak for themselves and every time I get rejected from a film festival then it just exposes how stupid we are because my work is brilliant and you all know it, you all know it but you're just all too scared of it because it's just too real for you, it's too real and things are too real you must think that they're fake.

I don't know. I don't know. You know, I don't want to know my audience because my audience is me. And then when my audience realizes, the ones in my audience realize that it's also about them, then eventually there's got to be a chain reaction. And I don't care.

I'm way better than any star that your world has. And I don't care what any of you say because I give my entire life for you to try to, you know, I study utopian societies and if you can't, you know, like, understand how much work I put into all of this in order to give you what I give you because I've been given a message and that message comes with both theory and practice. Um, so when we don't have enough room, then we really have to look to Apollo, and that's what we'll be doing tomorrow, because we really need Apollo.

Duh! Diana's related to Poseidon.

Dear Venus, the morning star, I have to do this every time, don't I? I am but a poor man who has spent his entire life attempting to conceive the most perfect of females and over an entire lifetime of turmoil I've managed to do it and she's in my head she's there she's there and I'm connected to her she's she's there she's out there I know she's out there I'm so connected to Dear Venus, Mother that I follow, please give me one like my Ivory. I'm trying to tell you all that Australia is the heart and if we don't fix it then we are all doomed. Huh.

That's all about how you tilt the device back of that. This is so inaccurate, but it'll show us more detail. Either that or they're moving really fast, one or the other, they might be moving really fast. Mars, Mercury, Sun, Moon, Venus, Earth, Tartarus.

This thing can't fall out of line, like my phone, this thing's definitely just really inaccurate. Or everything's going super fast, which I don't think that's the case. Look, is this the case? Are they here now? Is that really the case?

I didn't do astronomy. Are they really going that fast? Nothing would be changed. We would have heard it if they were speeding up.

Then everything would change already. So I bet you it's just this thing. Now let's see. Where's Pluto?

Where'd he go? It's because the magnetic force is making it stick. No! I need to keep going.

Let's flip it, let's flip our world, flip our universe. Okay, here we go. Where'd you go? Blah, blah, Neptune, blah.

I'm on the wrong axis, I gotta find the axis. I got the whole universe in my hands. The home movie universe. Pre-cloth.

Hell. Chaos. Andromeda. Oh Harry.

Flip it. Flip it. Why do we keep flipping it like that? There's something I'm doing wrong.

I don't know how to control it. But then we got Vega and a Vega. We got Draco and a Draco. Pluto, here's an axis.

I think we found the axis. Yep, because then we got Saturn. And then we should be coming. Peacock? Oh no, no, I think we're seeing. No, no, that's right. Here we are. Yep, see Pluto. We got the axis. We got the axis.

There's some wire. Pluto. We just see Pluto. Ooh, here we go. Spiraling. Okay, here we go. Ooh, it doesn't like that. Doesn't like that.

Can I not keep going? Is that not an option? Let's go from here I need to remember this I need to remember just this day And this is going to teach me everything This one thing Just doing this is going to teach me So much Because I'm going to learn Because I'm going to study this I'm going to study this carefully Because I'm going to study today And I'm going to study the next few days And I'm going to study even after that that, and I'm going to study what's actually happening because I have a gut feeling, here we are, here we are, I have a gut feeling that there's something happening, and if we can do anything about it, or if there's anything bad, or if it's good, or whatever, let's take it as it comes, because this is forever changing, this is going to be so fun to learn, so fun See, I've never seen them lined up so closely and so symmetrical, I've never seen that. Look at that.

And I've been using stuff like, not this good, this is just because my Windows 8 tablet. Because it enables me to do everything I've been wanting to do with the tablet for the last 10 years. I've been thinking about what I was going to do when this happened. And this is it, this is it.

So beautiful, so beautiful. I got to remember this and after I finish recording this I'll get a compass I'll download a compass and I won't move so I can know what I'm looking at but I have to turn that back on that mode which I don't know how to do really I just downloaded this program I wonder how much is actually being shown here there's so much here this would be so I'm going to learn all this so well oh there's something to do with the phoenix and a tattoo that I'm not ready to disclose right now but uh there's thoughts there's thoughts I've learned so much oh he's so smart oh imagine when I'm like old I told you I'm the ruler I'm the king I don't know you can do this and the ones that can will eventually be my friends I mean you could do this but you can't do what I do. You don't understand the capabilities of a camera, of audio, visual, media portrayals and taking it into your own hands for a study tool. I'm interested in Pluto's moons. Very

interested. And I really don't want to forget that Gaia. I don't want to forget Gaia. And that's us and where where are we in relation to all this and and what's actually really happening out there I mean we think that we live an eventful world and we got this universe that you know we all get affected by it and and to not be educated on the universe is a really stupid move and I'm not just talking I'm not just talking about striving and stuff like that I'm talking about knowing you know where you are in the universe like astronomy I took astronomy like in high school and stuff but it was it was crap like this this is what you need you practical application like that's all the theory without the practice is bull crap and you have to get the practice you have to get the theory and then the practice right so it's like a process let's get theory and then let's get practice so what you're learning from me doing this if you're even watching this which I don't really care because it's helping me is is the yeah is the practical it's just the theory so I'm just giving you the theory because I've already put the theory into practice so you actually would have to take it upon yourself and then and then put this theory into practice and whether anything is really happening big in the universe or not it doesn't matter look how much I'm about to learn because how many times am I going to have to watch this and not just about the universe itself but or what we can see of it but but all of these constellations and and where they existed at this point in time which is a really important time in my life like hugely important so it's going to you know attach to me very very well so what is it to learn how do you learn this stuff what is a flash card like I see people I mean I do all this at a university and to get power really for for what I do and I watch you know university students study and I see so many different techniques but ultimately I see them getting frustrated with those techniques. And why? Well, because the teachers don't

care. Like, if you just go, oh, look what we got. Can we make anything better? Can we help better? Can we help people that struggle a little bit? Flip it upside down. Did I flip

it upside down for you. Is that good enough? Can you see that well enough? And I think this one, I know the other one you can search. Let's see, search. Let's search. Ooh, actually

let's get the GPS going first. So I don't know how to. Alright, let's just close it and open it up again. Sky something. Sky map. It's just called sky map. Where is it? I'm

to search for these things so fast yeah I'll set it up good I just formatted it but that's because there was I did some things that I wasn't happy with and I'm quite anal retentive about these things okay so if I do a search for SRA profile Wow. Yeah. Okay. What's this?

Yeah. See? Yeah. So.

That's where the lights are. One. One. One.

Okay. Here we go. It's kinda alright because it's like right here. Alright.

The crown's just like right here. Okay. See? I could change your focus to distant but you get the point.

If you don't, it takes time to focus if you don't put focus on your player on it. So we shoot it all awkwardly. And then we got the crown over here. Okay.

So, that's what it's there. Oh. That's Australos. Oh.

Oh, that was... Oh, that was... Oh, that's the... Australos.

What was that? Oh, yeah, I have... Okay. Okay, so you got Pluto, and then you got Askela, is that how you say that, I don't know, Ascella?

And then you got Corona Australis, the crown, and then you got the crown, like, just right over there, ooh, ooh, what a shot, a shot, it's hard to do, but I don't, I can't, I don't have the hands to change the focus, but bang, I got it, you get the point. And then, okay, let's look, um, that's it, I like to say, uh, it hurts my mouth to do that. Um, so let's look. for this. If it fell off, I just want to have to do that. One more, one more. See if we

can get the shot. Let's change this. See, this is what you gotta do. I want to include all this crap. I don't care if you have to wait. I'm teaching you just really cool stuff.

So, cancer, be obvious. Alright, we need to line it up and we'll finish. Alright. Because Australia I was sent here to tell you that your heart has a cancer can we please fix it please how smart do you think I'm gonna get world you're honest forward slash or forward slash j-rays forward slash ancient Greek our house meaning sky or heaven was the primal Greek God personifying the sky he's His equivalent in Roman mythology was Silas.

In ancient Greek literature, Eurors or Father Sky was the son and husband of Gaera, Mother Earth. According to Hesiod's Theogony, Eurors was conceived by Gaera alone, but other sources cite Aether as his father. 3. Eurors and Gaera were the parents of the first generation of Titans, and the ancestors of most of the Greek gods.

But no cult addressed directly to Eurors survived into classical times, for, and Eurors does not appear among the usual themes of Greek painted pottery. Elemental Earth, Sky and Styx might be joined, however, in a solemn invocation in Homeric Epic. 5. Contents.

1. Etymology. 2. Genealogy.

3. Creation Myth 3.1 Greek Mythology. 3. 2 Haria mythology, 3.3 euros and fruer, 4 cultural context of flint, 5 planet euros, 6 consorts and children, 7 genealogy of the Olympians in Greek mythology, 8 notes, 9 references, 10 external links, Etymology, edit.

of night creation myth greek mythology the mutilation of heroes fresco by georgio vasari and christoph algaridae c 1560 solidii cosimoan helad zavetio three night to cover the haesiod named six sons and six daughters the titan the three 100 armed giants the hecatacus and the one eyed giants the cyclopes heroes imprisoned geira's youngest children in tartarus deep within earth where she shaped a great flint-bladed sickle and asked her sons of words the constellations Corona Australis, the southern crown, Uriah's mirror, 18 fixed stars in this constellation. Three history underscore of underscore the underscore constellation, clues to the meaning of this celestial feature. The stars of this constellation, Corona Australis, represent the reef thrown off as by one at play at the feet of Crotos who is identified with the constellation Sagittarius. The constellation Sagittarius is identified with Critus.

He had his home on Mount Helicon and took his pleasure in the company of the Musae, Muses, sometimes even following the pursuit of hunting. Before his feet are a few stars arranged in a circle, which some said were a wreath, thrown off as by one of play, Astrumica 2.27 www.theoi.com web link The Arabs had the title Al-Khabar, the Torah for Corona Australis The Chinese knew it as from Latin Tartarica, Corona Australis also had the titles Trocos Isius, and Rota Isiois, the Wheel of Isio Isio was chained eternally to a revolving, fire wheel in Tartarus A picture of Isio on his wheel can be seen on this Greek mythology link Isio is compared with the Ryak bird, a four-spoked wheel with wings are called to mind The word Pinder does not actually use in Pythian 2, the word Iax The wings referred to are those of the bird, the Iax or Ryak whose habits in mating apparently intrigued the ancient Greeks enough to result in their use of it for magical rites designed to procure sexual satisfaction from a reluctant partner The bird was pinned to a four-spoked wheel and the wheel was spun with appropriate incantations uttered over it to draw the desired partner into the spell Paula Ivers, the Ohio State University Department of Greek and Latin Center for Epigraphical Studies The Ryex, Genus Jynx, are a small but distinct All Old World Woodpecker These birds get their English name almost 100 and sing as a threat display This odd behavior led to their use in witchcraft Had to put a jinx on someone Yx used her enchantments to charm Zeus Or make him, by magic means, fall in love with Io In consequence of which Hera metamorphosed her into the bird called Lynx According to another story, Yx was a daughter of Pyrrhus and as she and her sisters had presumed to enter into a musical contest with the muses, she was changed into the bird-eyex.

Before his, side-feet are a few stars, which some said were a wreath, Thumika 2.27, or one- commemoration of the five-fold victory of Korya Pinda in their poetical contest. But, star-names, the sky took a memory, and in response to these- called her a sour it is the butters threw off as if ink, translated wreath. A posy is a bunch of flowers, and also a short poetic verse or sentimental inscription. Posey is related to poet, ancient Greek poet, traditionally attributed to the 6th century BC.

Australis is also said to represent the crown that Basha's placed in the sky in honor of his mother Samiel. Roman Basha's who is Greek Dioces also placed the other crown Corona Borealis, in the northern sky in honor of Ariadne. Eventually Dioces retrieved his mother, Samiel, from the underworld, now in the sky. Copywriter and write 2008.

Fixed stars in Corona Australis. Star 1900, 2000, R8, Icon 1950, Latitude, Mac SP. The 05 cap 1006 cap 33277, 2859 to 42212 to 1903234.69 G5. Capa 05 cap 2306 cap 46277, 293 to 384551 to 1528325.95 B8.

Lambda 07 cap 3008 cap 5328A, 0518 to 382225 to 1512505.13 A0. F08CAP1109CAP342. Titan, mythology. From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Jump to, navigation, sun. This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. December 2012. This article is about the race of the Titans in Greek mythology. Sometimes referred to as Titan, see Helios. Other uses, see sun survival.

Sons of Kras, were a primeval race of powerful deities, descendants of Gaeth ruled during the legend. They were immortal huge medical strength and stamina and were also the first pantheon of Greek gods and goddesses. In the first generation of 12, the males were Ossus and the females the Titanesses were Memozyne, Tessus, Thea. The second generation of Titans consisted of Hyperion's children Eos, Hila's daughters Leto and Assyria, Iopetus's children Atlas, Prometheus, Es, and Melesius, Ossos' daughter Metis, and Krasus' sons Astreus.

The titans were overthrown by a race of younger gods. This represented a mythological paradigm shift that the Greeks may have borrowed from the angels. Well, the focus wasn't even very good. But can you imagine how smart I'm gonna get? Like, seriously.

Who am I? Who am I, mommy? Who am I? Who am I, mommy?

Mommy, who am I?

I'm going to be honest and tell you I'm scared to death in here. I know I have fun with all this sort of stuff but so I'm gonna leave Canberra. I can't take it anymore. Plus I have some crazy bad memories here and even those bad memories I turn on good. Like I have to relive them all the time.

I'm scared of Canberra. Canberra is crazy. It's so crazy. I've been all around Australia. I've never

I've never been to a place like Canberra before. More dangerous here than anywhere I've been, anywhere.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



07-1984-Book-08-VIII-Hercules-and-the-Wagoner

It's time to bring our claws out.

Let me show you the light at the end of the tunnel.

It's coming.

It's coming.

But you see, dear Ivory,

Apollon, our God, is a jealous God, and he requires all of your time when he has commanded it. There is no sleep when a mission of his is unfulfilled. it's almost finished serving its function and even though we could probably still make it if we just stay here and use our resources that wasn't good enough for Apollo listen up kids I'm about to show you how you should respond to the negative things that happen to you in your life I'm about to show you how to truly act on the stage of life don't get an updated copy I'm stake again this is how we're gonna fix it let's gain some xp i'll leave this guy here here's the public domain song that they say some orchestra owns which makes my production not entirely open source and it's my heart the heart the epony what a divine tragedy What's the cool shot? Oh, look at that, oh, what is it? What is it? What is it? Oh, pretty looks, here, I think you're supposed to have it like, like that, that's how the pictures, all the pictures have it, a bit annoying, or you think you can get used to it, if you can figure it out, such wasteful people, I don't even need to take photos,

that video is much better you can look how like I can get it zoom in on just that where that work pen is so you can keep that text all right yeah see I got it I will have it forever wait wait sorry I the focus is wrong I'm gonna say did you get it I need it's on distant focus on landscape so yeah I got it I got that forever it's just just that line for old school sake I'll read it record Brian get out of me house I can look all around here I can zoom all in yes maybe it's YouTube maybe it's a YouTube problem but man I have eyes everywhere and it's funny I think it's really funny because I stay here because because it's funny I don't get involved with anything I just watch and who would know See if I just hang around here for a little while, then maybe I'll catch something funny.

Ooh! Slam that door.

I just had lots of meaningful discussions with lots of people today. and that's why I haven't been able to give you status updates but I got to work really hard on this and I'm going to use this guy because he's charging at least for now so we'll see how he goes and I got lots of footage here and I know what I have to do and I'm not going to have to I'm not going to use a lot of it because the 13th episode I mean I learned from doing this I learned what I'm doing I know kind of what I'm doing and then I teach myself how how am I to learn how am I to ingrain the 12 olympians in my head from their the manifestations that we see in the world how am i to pick up on these patterns and uh and what am i to know and we're coming to pluto now so it's going to be interesting it's time to hook into the matrix i'm just going through the last of this footage and i just want to mention that murdoch didn't talk to me about these subjects at so all of my concerns I never got spoken to about so is there not a problem there is there something not going wrong if you know I got a caution with a letter not not anyone actually talking to me and they never actually cared to talk voice and they weren't interested in hearing all they did was investigate the the numerous emails that I sent to a lot of people um where those people didn't respond anyway so they're analyzing this guy who's trying to talk about some concerns they have and then they give him a caution without talking about the subjects what are we doing seriously is this our education system seriously going down to the house of Hades okay I don't know what I said here this is at the end of the the human services appointment um so so that's after they i say goodbye to them and have a good day or something and they um they didn't say anything they ignored me like oh crazy guy um so i'm not sure what i said there though okay you hear that i don't know what it is what does it mean what did i say what did i say that's a gone dancing gone dancing gone dancing i don't know i don't know but listen to the background noise okay i can speed that up okay we got okay click gone dancing click gone dancing click gone dancing and uh and i could i could do like this man but i'll play i'll play with it i would put this in on in audacity but here because that's what we're trying to do today is gain some experience and we used our camera to do it a different one and we did well but we still like this one at least for home and I could I don't know I like the zoom okay so now I I got this guy and he's plugged in so I can turn him on and here we go did I crash this thing control Z okay here we go now see I'm gonna go up here to paste you see it's now it goes so I can paste a whole bunch of them okay so now we go here No, no, no, no, we did it wrong. We're over here. We're over here.

Ha ha? Gives you a point. I can't believe what I've done. I'm so awesome.

We'll be finishing our production. Just on time. I can't believe what I've done. I can't believe what I've done.

Oh my goodness. I didn't mean to do this. This is crazy. Look.

I'll show you. Oh my goodness. It just fell. the place I didn't even get rid of any footage I didn't even get rid of any footage that uh that that I'd wanted there was like nothing everything was good I did a really good job on it yeah that might be good in certain circumstances like my 5.1 queen you go spice you go spice yeah we did it we did it, me and you. And I took a bite. This wolftail spider bite started to play up. It

does that from time to time. You can see it bit me twice. It was in the same. That used to be together. Not completely. It was like there and there. That skin healing over three

years and and right there that one's acting up right there it's really itchy it's really itchy and you can see it's swelling there but once you get bit by a white tail and I got bit twice by the same one your blood makeup forever changes and from time to time it will come back it's kind of hollow in there and it feels weird it feels like you know I can push it around it's really it's really kind of odd that's what necrosis does but that healed up I've seen some pretty bad ones before so that's not too bad also seeing if we can get rid of this guy right here almost gone actually the doctor gave us a good really good tip to rub it and see it's a virus so when you irritate it basically what i found out from doing that when you break up the core that's in it because that core is the problem um then everything else starts to break away so you can see that's almost gone um just by me rubbing it like i push down on it to break it it feels kind of uncomfortable until it starts to break up and then you can tell it's going to go away so that's pretty cool and And we got that too, so we're doing pretty good and we'll be healthy shortly, maybe a year actually because I got some health problems to sort out and hopefully now that I can live a healthy lifestyle no matter what, no matter where I am and do what I like doing, then I'm kind of enabled to heal. And hopefully I won't need surgery, but if I do, then I'll deal with that when the time comes.

Yay. It's been updated. There's so many shapes and patterns in this world. I was once driving a heavy load along a very muddy way.

He came to a part of the road where the wheels sank halfway into the mire. The more the horses pulled, sank the wheels. so the wagoneer threw down his whip and knelt down and prayed to hercules the strong oh hercules in this my ass distress and said get up and the gods help them themselves man knew exactly what he was a sick sense of humor maybe his jokes are pushing the envelope but you know who else pushes the envelope our special guest host today mr gabriel iglazi asked you guys so i was up late one night and i stumbled across this video as i was googling men even have time to go to our music appreciation meeting forgot my cigarettes but can't do it okay so here's what happened I this file right here this file right here and dot in 2.0 right that was copied across to I think I showed it to you earlier before, but that was copied across to my desktop and on my tablet, which you saw, but the thing is that I forgot that my desktop and my SD card were linked up, so I wanted to copy it to my SD card and I copied it to my SD card and it copied over itself and I didn't realize until after and it changed like the file, was all screwed up it was corrupt but it was like 404 megabytes it's like what the crap but um now i got to yeah pretty what i'm going to do is i'm just going to upload uh just even from this computer i'm just going to start uploading uh it to to the server and then we'll get it all going that's how you produce a tv show but we still will appreciate music and we will finish this production with the best music that we know how to play so after i did this i had to get off the bus i did this on the bus so it's kind of fun and i had to walk back this is live oh i missed it now it is time to clean up our mess then you will have to add your production to the internet movie This thing would be so awesome if it could only have like a wheel focus and a wheel exposure like some manual settings that were in wheel format where I could quickly go between all the settings. This thing would be awesome then. But it's kind of like that's really what holds me back.

I hope that's the right one. I hate doing that. Wish there was a cycle bin. Yep. Yeah.

Then you will have to add your production the Internet Movie Database. That was so gross to clean. This SD slot no longer works. I'll show you.

I have it right there. Plug it in. Nothing happens. That's because we put it in the wrong way, but it's broken. Put it in the right way this time.

Flip it flip the situation see nothing

So we Don't rely on one source ever So we take this guy and see this this right here is from this

You fit somewhere. Hey

Alright, no, we did it. See how big it is

54 so it's like 8 gigs So we select it all, and we cut, and we go here, and we paste it all in here. So that's good. So that's what we've got to do with that. Then we have to do it with this camera, and then we've got to rename them, or maybe figure out a better way to do it.

So the ones on this are consecutive, but I think I might have to do some playing around because I kind of got files everywhere, and I might have to line the times up, but that will be fine anyway. But that's what we do, and we add it to the Internet Movie Database, which we'll be doing. It's going to be taking us a few days to do that, but we'll get it. And we've got to add 13 episodes.

So if you're doing a series, you've got to do each one, And you've got to write a description for each one. And you have to also figure out keyboards, like as many as possible, the more the better. And then what I'll do is I'll upload all of the readings from all of Divine Tragedy to YouTube. And I don't like to talk on YouTube.

And sometimes, I guess I do, I'll respond to people. But people aren't very smart on YouTube. But it's still a good platform to get things out. Um, so, uh, and if I release the readings, then I'll get more people that will be directed to the channel. And, uh, that's ultimately what I want. Um, but at the same time, uh, you gotta remember about, uh, Facebook, uh, Twitter, and Google Plus. Uh, but, uh, don't, don't use those if you don't feel safe doing that. Um, you don't need to.

eventually people will find the work online but that's our process that's what we've got to do and we're gonna keep on working at it until until we get it done and then we got okay we got all this okay uh you want to see what we got but uh i don't know oh oh that's gonna be difficult but we'll get it done yay divine tragedy so stupid i'm such an idiot and after we copy these two to our portable home theater system. We will have to watch all of the episodes consecutively. It's time to log on. 7 times 7 equals 49. There's a trick, a

memory trick, that you can use that has the word heaven in it and I'll remember it but this I'll be studying a lot so eventually I will and then that'll be good cuz I can't remember and I want to we're almost done here we're waiting for it I'm about to save the world and find my dream girl lights on we're gaining it let's take the trash out once and for all you need to do that it's just what happened I meant to respect you please talk to me mother but that's this is aimed at society this isn't aimed at you these will be packed away until I have time to read them because this is real life and just cramming a whole bunch of information into our heads when we're not ready is not any effective way to teach and by read I mean convert to an e-book so I can then convert to an audio book so I can then absorb the information extremely quickly hell the crown hell my queen and I thank you for your attention if you gave it and thank you very much I'll bow okay I screwed up I screwed up I put it in twice I had another scene that I should have deleted but I screwed up that's why it's better doing it on my camera, but I was in a hurry and I screwed up. It's a divine tragedy. Always is.

But it's not a screw up because I bowed. And upon further analyzing the content, I would have included it anyway. And not only that, I talk about things that I don't talk about in in the other take which I'll show you in a second and there's a reason I'm gonna show you it in a second one so I hope you before is to on to all metaphors and allegories that were you and I just gave you a third time this whole thing's been in threes all around the board threes I'll tell you another stuff up this is supposed to be released tomorrow because I had communion in And that's three days, but for some reason I thought that was today, and I was pushing really hard for today, and I got it, and I released it, and then I counted up the days after I positioned all of the videos on the page, and it was also supposed to be tomorrow. but this is what happens to you tomorrow oh I just realized something I just realized something that's my ex-wife's birthday this is what I gave to the uni and these are real views right here some guys just came around to look into fixing this right here and so what they're gonna do is they're gonna pull that back and they're gonna relay that probably with a new one but they gave me information about this area and they're impressed with my technology they said I gotta be careful because there was recently a murder here and we know I mean there's people you know the cameras are really terrible there's people all around camera that have murdered people in like got one to two years or couldn't be proven or something you know there's a lot of people that we just let roam free and as soon as they get like that disability status then um then we let them hurt people because you know that's who they are or kill people what's wrong with us we'll find each other there's only two there's only one we just got to come together let's meet cambra is our meeting place i never thought i'd be saying this but right now at least with these tablets IE is the best browser the other ones crash all the time and they're not really made very well for tablets or touchscreen at all and if you can see here look okay so I'll zoom into my chat here and we can talk about you know this new thing and I just got free reign here and like here are my tabs that I got open so here's my YouTube and then I got it down here you know and then I got full-screen browsing here too so I can zoom in very easily on what I want and if you can imagine with pictures and stuff like that you know this is gonna allow me to do lots of crazy things and I'll show you what I mean so let's just go to Cupid and Psyche now people don't realize how much they can do with media just with the camera okay so let's use wikipedia thank you wikipedia for what you're about to give us okay so let's get a pretty dramatic uh picture here's a picture look at this here we go so this is i'm not sure i'll find out later uh but anyway we'll just i'll show you what i'm talking about okay so let's first do that because it's a sideways picture see look it just resized it okay so let's then zoom in you know let's uh let's make a story okay let's move around the story you know like look at this like I can't believe people don't realize that they can do this stuff and you know this is a Wikipedia so and and I'm not selling anything anyway and that's public domain like how much public domain stuff do we have and how many stories can we create just by using utilizing this public domain stuff and I mean I haven't even looked at this picture before I don't even know what the crap's going on in it but uh but you could pan out like you you have a lot of different methods and I've been showing you a lot of them but let's see with IE it's really cool because uh because anything on the page you can just zoom in and zoom out and this this talent is just so awesome like what you can do with it um so if and and not only that like it is cheap as chips oh it's our wedding oh oh it's a divine tragedy besides getting up once to eat i slept the entire day it was really good because I haven't slept that much and in like over three years so it's really good it's like after after I did this huge burden came off my heart I'm doing really well and I figured okay so I was working off three days but I think I was wrong okay so look okay here is my eponym right here which which isn't open source the heart's the only thing that's not open source until until they they never will I have other stuff that's disputed and they never touch it it's just like yeah whatever so that's not open source they won't let me see no creative commons but creative commons creative commons all creative commons not my heart idiots and that's the public domain it is so how stupid are they but um if you look so from the FMM look so May 2nd 3rd 6th 8th and today is the 9th so if you look that's seven days the seven days uh God's showing how to rest finally you gotta do what you can to make it easy for you so this is from this camera right here but so I just named them the same thing see is that one the last one that I did see so you gotta do whatever you can to keep the order right so so just pasted that same name and then and then now I can And also then copy what's on this camera if I want, which I'll actually do that now so then I get them in order.

I'm running out of data, but I'll fix that soon. And then, especially with this camera, you see all these files. What I got to do, I was going to tell you this later, but I guess I'll tell it to you now. But what I got to do, I'll delete that.

See, that's from the Fuji. There's nothing in there now because I moved it off. Oh, I got files here, no those are only, no I got files here, see I don't know where those belong so I got to figure out where those belong and do the same thing. But as far as all of these, most of them I can just put them, combine them all and most of them don't need edits.

I did this production so I need very few edits. And maybe eventually if I get a good enough camera then I can just use this program here and not worry about Vegas anymore. Where is it, oh yeah this program right here. I can just combine the files and that would be so much easier than using Vegas because Vegas takes forever and it's so annoying.

But I guess you got to use it sometimes but it just takes so long. I got a lot of stuff here. I got a lot of stuff here. So, uh, I know, I know, I know it's still on memory. I got a lot of stuff here, so, uh, it's almost done, though, almost done.

Oh. I've just shown you the trident of Hades. How will you pay for your passage? sacred texts classics Hesiod Greek the theogony of Hesiod translated by by Hooji Evelyn White 1914 to 1 to 25 from the Helicoia muses let us begin to sing ho hold the great and holy mount of Helicon and dance on so put that as an image on your background I just noticed that too seven days seven days Oh, it's a divine tragedy.

Oh, oh, oh.

I'm such a creep. Everybody thinks so, too. But all I do is watch. I don't do anything.

Watch how stupid you guys are. Seriously.

I'll see if this adventure continues later.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



07-1984-Book-09-IX-Wheel-of-Cronus

Don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't get ready for this

Actually, that's where it begins now. That was accidentally at 17

So we changed this there and let's see if we can Can get it done? See if we got time It's not too important because I mean I'll figure out a way to do it um I'll show you like right there um so I can like I can use that as a fallback if I want that's not too big either so it's gonna be pretty easy we did we did well so hopefully we'll have enough time to get this one going let's see father Apollo be with us today as we carry the torch down from heaven your father will be angered but I will bear the fate that he deems necessary and we find what we secretly planted ourselves for when the need arrives. Today we will be wearing all of Vulcan's divinely crafted armor. Let's do this thing. Let's play. We're coming world. Be there soon.

Five stains. We will try our best not to begin with. Let me show you what Canberra means. Let's learn about Canberra. And if I remain alone on this most noble

mission then that my sick human brothers and sisters will go down in our history and now you must either evolve or accept the fact that you belong to a degenerate class of human beings and wait for the young ones that I chase to exfoliate you. People do that. These things just fine people. Let's have a conference. Let's flip a reality around and the screen will automatically adjust.

Cut the embit. Let's go fishing. My name is Wendell Charles NeSmith and I am a fisher of man but it took me an entire life to find the right power source. Hello!

I'll come back one day, very soon, to open source you.

Find me darling. My shadow's already there, playing the field. This is how one really plays the field. I'm waiting for you at the window.

Wisdom is not found in any collective organizations. It's found in you.

let's be saints together we can do it but here are all warning signs and then we can fight the giants and we will have to kick again and our final kick we will have to get creative and all consecutive kicks after this will be of second nature and will cause us no troubles so we can kick the butts of our opponents all day long but we will have to learn another sport and start the three-way process all over again and we will become very skilled at driving any vehicle in any conditions always question yourself i will make you all pay for your sins many people will be frightened of you many people will discount your brilliance as insanity many people will revere you and those that treat you with disrespect will have the worst punishment in the house of Hades how is my shooting my love it's all for you stretch mighty joe stretch the world over let's see if you can cover all of humanity but dear ivory the light at the end of the tunnel is that all games share similar values and when we can learn those values and consecutively repeat them then we can copy and apply those values to every single game this not only makes us extremely skilled at any game that we play but also enables us to create our own game because we understand all too well how games work three let's turn the wheel of time game on world I'm ready it's the best MMO in the world let's teleport around our world because you see I have spent my entire life including childhood playing this game and I am looking for an equal and I will continue to use this until it dies entirely. You can see it's garbled and it's really ironic like there's more than one video in videos and a lot of them didn't come like if if they were gone it didn't recover it only recovered pieces of it but it's really interesting how it where it recovered this because there's a lot more before this and not only that like it got the whole thing like that was right when it started and and then it if you look you know it's gotten the whole thing and that's at different points entirely so you know hell Apollo but right when you recover stuff you have you get this bar I have to go through all of it if you want to get the video and I told you before that I had two videos that I want to recover. The one was the one that I showed you, the national anthem for the game. And in the second one, all it was, I'll show you, actually.

So we go to 1984, and here we got, and there's that video that we did in between. And this is right before I left for the Anzac Day for this dawn service right here. and this one right here that's the video i did about this camera that i'm speaking to and then this is the first scene of what after i left but that's actually the second scene because i accidentally deleted 18 um or the range between 18 and you can see i'm already left i already left um but but the thing is is that nothing happened i just walked out and i i look cool doing it so I was like, oh, I want that, but to be honest, my ego really doesn't need any more right now, so I'm not going to even look for that. I mean, I could just go through all the files to go through that, but it's kind of obvious that I leave, and then you see what I do, so maybe it's better that that's out.

It's just not worth it. It's just me saying goodbye and then walking out, but I had a Naruto thing on the back, and I did this really awesome pan with the camera where it came around me and you couldn't tell that it was my hands and it was really cool but that was all it was and I can do that again another time but that game I couldn't get that again but this is how we recovered the files you saw the app it was the last app I was using and I'm going to keep that app that's a good app because it just dumps all of these and they're all some of them are garbled and some of them are mixed and they're not really in particular dates even though the top ones are more recent usually not all the time you know I found weird stuff down there but I'll show you for example what it does okay so we got this one and usually these are deleted files usually these aren't the ones but you know I do sometimes I do a lot of takes for simple stuff there's only certain situations where you can only do one take and you just got to make sure you do good takes. You see how I mean it's just garbled and look look it's still going and it's saying it's three seconds look so I mean the video is definitely corrupt but you know if that was a scene that was really important you know I could at least grab it so like ooh grab that you know there was something there that I needed to show so even if it doesn't recover at all then you can still recover bits and and to be honest if you catch it pretty quickly so if you if you delete it and you go oh I didn't want to delete that then you got a good chance of getting it back I mean if you find the right program and we did but you can see that this so make note of that program oh I'll actually find it for you later and so so like it's 17.1 gigs and that was just one folder that created out of three and I needed the space so i deleted the other ones um but you see now i got three three uh three files and see this some of it doesn't really have much but to be honest i think i think i'll include all of it because i worked hard to get this back see they're just talking about the game there but um that's it we'll get out of the way of the sun oh super that was quick hail Apollo thank you for the free power we're never gonna have power problems again hail Apollo your rays are bright let's take out the trash when the weight of the world rests on our shoulders we have to be sure and this week is the real Giants versus the Suns game. Who will win? Just on time. We're almost done here.

It all starts and ends with you Diana. Hell Poseidon. Hell Mars. Venus. Hell Mercury.

Because warriors always defeat the Titans. Hell Demeter. Hell Zeus. I love you father.

We might have differences in our vision of a future education system, but we're both trying to revolutionize it.

Please forgive me for my arrogance.

See, I can watch it while doing whatever I want here. It's pretty cool.

If you have been following this series, then you know more than I do already. But God will provide us communion for every divine tragedy.

thank you very much that was delicious I just had two really spiritual connections with people One I didn't know, but do now, and the other I did I'm exhausted, give me time to recover And we now start our celebration You'll get what you want tonight world, cheers Hell Vesta, the ground that I stand on

The two conversations I had earlier.

Hail Athena!

Hail Hermes! One to educate themselves. How is one to educate themselves not only theoretically, but also practically?

During this process, how is one to educate other people at the same time? We will first mention Apollo, and his name is this in both Greek and Roman culture. He is the light that has provided me the tools to give you absolutely everything that you see before you. Hail Apollo and his father Zeus of the skies will be there for us to admire.

His Roman name is Jupiter, of course, because he is the biggest. and Hestia will provide us comfort at the hearth and we will warm our hands with the fire that she provides for us to accomplish the tasks that we have been given her Roman name is Vesta and we will not forget your queen dear Zeus For Hera, her Roman name's Juna, will give us many trials, and for very long periods of time, and even current, we will think she's against us. But at the end of the day, we will realize that she is what provides us the ability to experience divine tragedies. For without the malice that she brings within the world, we would never be what we are.

Helgena, Athena, goddess of wisdom. You are very difficult to see and we must look in certain ways and reflect in order to understand your presence. Your Roman name is Minerva. I will always respect you. Thank you for the wisdom that

that you give to us in our day-to-day interactions. Poseidon. God, the waves, the tridents. Your Roman name is Neptune.

You throw us so many difficulties in life, and we have to figure out how to react to your waves. But if we frame our situation correctly, then you can be a friend and not a foe.

Hell Poseidon, Hell Neptune. Aries, God of War, murderous Mars.

You cause us many mistakes, but you also give us power.

We will both fear and respect you, and if we stay on your good side, then we will be amazing warriors for you. Helmar's Roman name, Ceres. For you give us the fertility to build upon solid foundations.

We will grow into exactly what we are if we only utilize your soil, for it is the only everlasting soil and upon your soil we will find Aphrodite for she is our tenth and with her we can remain protected from all of the ills of the world for our heart is the only thing that we care about Hell Venus that's a Roman name I cannot forget about Vulcan, that's his Roman name, Hephaestus. He is the one providing me the ability to capture this moment. Thank you Hephaestus for the technology that provides me the ability to do the work of the gods. Hel, Hephaestus, Hermes, Mercury in my ears, the longing in my soul, you always provide the comfort that my soul needs in order to continue the next step and your results always end in new and better creations for it is you Hermes that gives us the sound that allows us enables us to hear the beauty of the world which really is only vibrational recinations But for some reason it sounds awesome to us when we tune it in a manner that the gods appreciate.

Hail Mercury. Beautiful Diana, that's her Roman name. She gives us the reflections of the world that we live in. And these reflections appear both literally, metaphorically, and allegorically.

Diana's Greek name is Artemis.

And absolutely everything that we interact with will be able to be interpreted into reflections.

And these reflections are my queen. Okay, that was really cool and stuff, but I'm really, really tired, and that wasn't what I was talking to you about earlier that I was going to do, so I still got a little bit more to do, but I promise you we're coming to the end of this series, and then I'm just going to take a break. I don't know if I can do anything for a while, and I'm going to try to pry this camera away from my hands at least for a while, but right now I've got to get some sleep, and hopefully you're happy with that for right now, because that was pretty cool, and hopefully later I'll give you more of what you want, or what you want, I don't think that was what you want, but I will give you all you want later, so until then, bang.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



07-1984-Book-10-X-Voice-of-Euterpe

On top of spaghetti, all covered with yummy vegetables and beans.

Okay, so now we have the front.

And we will learn that we are much cooler than fonts. As you study, you learn a lot about yourself. I'm producing it, so I see it again and again and again. So, I want to talk about this, actually.

and um it's an important subject and I you know I said that you know God gave me this year to fix it the shutters closed but you can't even tell um and and that's what he said he said fix it but the thing is he didn't say quit smoking and I think about this I think about it I think about it over the many years of my life. And I started really when I was 12. And, you know, it's been there for me. I mean, because people don't realize how much they waste with tobacco.

so it's freely available everywhere you go.

So this made something in my life reliable.

When you don't have people in your life to emotionally connect with someone who's very, very deep, then they speak to a camera. And then they have to produce their work, so they have to study it, and then they have to learn more about themselves to make sure what they're producing they're happy with. And there's a lot of stuff that I'm producing that I know people aren't going to be happy with, especially how long I take and do stuff. But I'm trying to condition good outcomes for our character and presentation.

and if we're so fast, which is going to be funny because that camera's fast and what I'm going to do, I'm going to sway it, I'm going to sway it. But I use everything, different types of media to really direct you to be a calm and collective character at all times, regardless of what the situation is around you. And that's what character is. That's when you be tested, you know, right when you're in that point in time, you know, how you deal with what's around you is everything. And I'm showing you how I deal with everything around me. And, and, you know, God gave me the responsibility to take care of what's around me. And, and really how much am I extracting from the world? And then how much is, you know, a normal person extracting from the world?

And then as this technology grows, then how are we as a society going to change from that? And that will all depend on what applications and presentations that we get used to. And really, that's what we get presented. So we need to make sure we keep companies like Google and stuff in check.

When one of these companies brings out a revolutionary idea, awesome, and they'll make a lot of money for it. But, you know, after the idea gets understood, then people can replicate it very easily. So they're only giving us the ideas, and then we change them and make them what we need to be. So we're tuning our lyres, because each lyre is different, and depending on what song you need to play, will depend on how you need to tune that, and we'll see more about that later.

but you know I'm thinking I don't think I need to quit this I think I think I need to make my life evolve to the point where I don't rely on this like I used to so I need but that's all because you know I I'm so invested in what I do that I gotta take breaks and have it I like nicotine like I know people say it's a bad drug and and and they have all these different ways to describe how bad it is and stuff like that but but the thing is is that I'm so focused and I'm up all the time so it's like what look at what I'm doing look what I'm doing look at what I'm doing um and and you know I create these these things that I put everything into as a result of it um but then I got if I don't take breaks then I'll go mad and the thing is I don't think about these breaks so I don't think if I need to take a break but that's when I'm not having cigarettes so but when I have cigarettes you know it's like every hour or two I'll go you know I should have a break I should have a break and then I should go have a cigarette and then the time having a cigarette gives me time away from my work and I got to think about this because I'm getting these glasses and and I was going to modify them for one eye, but I don't think I'm going to do that. I think I'm going to prepare for the Google Glasses. I think I'm going to be able to hook in and out, and I don't want to integrate yet. And that's the good question. Are we going to integrate?

Are we going to do that? Like, I'm thinking of doing that because it would be much easier, but then how reliant are we going to be on this technology? And then that's where it's going back to character like what are you going to be without those glasses like what am i without the glasses that that i i show you you know what i can do with all this stuff um what am i without that look at my character what about all these other people that are going to be able to do awesome things very shortly um what is their character we got to start questioning that who's going to be the future stars we really got to start questioning that because there's going be a lot of really potential people in the near future so we really need to figure out you know who we're gonna admire but so I've only done one out of four streams and I haven't even done the content part of this of this production it's so exhausting so I got I got these to do and then I gotta do content I got till Sunday every time I cry then none of you would ever be able to finish my work there's some segments here that I have no way of telling where the transition was but there's some a tiny bit of audio there so what I gotta do I'm still going through you can see I got there's two down out there that hasn't been done there's one more down there but I'm gonna finish this one I'm just gonna have to wait and sync it up with the other ones when I'm finished with all of them. Tower, tower, finger, finger, finger, finger, finger and tower, finger and tower, finger and tower, finger and tower, finger, finger, finger, finger, nothing, nothing. Click. Right there. Oh it's really exhausting work I gotta tell

Yeah, it's not supposed to be like that. Something's weird. There's no way to open it. Oh no, oh no.

Thanks Vulcan. Yeah, I do. You actually have to watch each one and then together many, many times. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. This stuff just happens to me. Seriously,

look at my life. Look at everything. I don't... How could one plan this? How could someone plan

all this crap I'm not sure what to say it crashed and we finally get to string our bows so then we flip all of our work and this reflects the order that you should watch it if you're new to this got the first bit of the content and now we got to sync these up we've already sunk up Apollo so now we gotta sync up all these oh what a task and this is how you get the video window back alt 4 and you can see it's sinking how's that for 5.1 sound and we split it in four stick oops stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick no stick there's a cut right there don't make sure you don't cut all of them like that um it's this guy right here well you can tell it's this guy you can go here and you can go solo and i'll show you it's that guy so we press s and we got two scenes

okay go my firebolts go i correct myself this is the content and i don't need to worry about content after I do this but but the I have four hours of footage still and and that means I'm gonna have to make that four hours of footage into under two for the next production so that will be fun lightning bolt lightning bolt so exhausting. I lost formatting and it's all I think now but I'm doing a prop late. I'm so tired. I'm so tired of doing this. Biggest project I've ever done. What are you doing?

What are you doing? I'm almost done. What are you doing? Why are you doing this? You're nice to me.

Way to force shut down. Let's do it. Old stuff. Old stuff.

which room 18.6 gigabytes go apollo that that's pretty cool yay we were phasing you out after this production anyway we're almost done with you anyway but how are we to get beyond our power problems are we to love how are we to aim how are we to aspire what does the future hold for us We should be smart about it With a video in video out Tablet three days. I messed up. Let's eat of the body and let's drink of the blood now. It's time to save the world

What am I hearing? What are you hearing? How do we hear? This is much easier to work with anyway. Look we got all these options available and

we have all right so we got sound here and we have four clips running here some of them not receiving light very well but here is the audio meter the master volume and and we can have that on our screen now because it's all really nicely formatted we can have that on our screen we can have it all on our screen um with the keyboard uh and not have to worry about moving everything around to see anything so uh so we're doing quite good but uh we see here sound you know how does sound work uh listen to everything around you um and and we'll we'll come to learn that uh so let's listen to this now let's listen to this now let's add this and what's happening is it's receiving data there's a listening input that's the microphone depending on what microphone you get depends on how well the data is received very similar to a lens a camera lens so so we have all this data from all around the world and I catch so many noises here a lot of them intentionally and how how does it work. Okay, so we got peaks. You see all these numbers? Well, these are frequencies. And

we get high and low. So we have two peaks. And the way that it works, you see there's a timeline. It's a stream. So every single second, it's only picking up a high or low

frequency. So everything that's around us, as far as our hearing goes, is just frequency. is just frequencies of high and low and and they're all different slightly different frequencies and the combination of those frequencies uh then produce sound and that's why uh you can make beautiful music from an unlimited number of sounds because because you can combine these sounds to sounds like something different okay so we have a sound here this is this is uh we're doing the last part of it right now and it's a bit confusing in some parts uh because i think one camera went out once um or maybe two i don't know i'll find out but i gotta line it up so here's i found the first point and you can see here there there and there you can hear so hell hell the guys okay i don't know exactly lined up because it sounds kind of cool so it's pretty much lined up but let's uh let's look closer at these things okay this one I actually I would normally line up a little bit better but this one I want I don't want it lined up all that good so we got three here that are you know they're different locations so they're receiving different data as well as different microphones with different distortions within them so you know we can tell these two didn't receive much at all but let's go to the middle of it okay so there's a timeline so each split second here is is receiving the vibrations through the air and it's just whatever see you hear the background noise there listen up okay and what could you use that noise for what could you use all these noises for and so every single second it receives a little bit of data and it tells what frequency to put it through so right in the middle of a peak we can get we get a vibrational resonation and that is what produces sound so now what we're doing is actually we got to see this guy right here I'm not sure if he's lined up the second one so let's uh tell him to go solo which is that exclamation mark button there so oh not the video sorry the audio needs to go solo be careful about that okay so let's listen to see if they yeah so it doesn't do it there so what i gotta do is i got to okay so it says held Diana. Where did it do it then? Was it before? Was it over here? Or did it do it?

So I got to track back to see. I can see little peaks there to find out where this actually is because towards the end it got really confusing. I thought I was repeating stuff. I don't want to repeat anything for Diana. Okay, so we got to go through and do that. But that's

just the basic explanation of the peaks and how the peaks work so all that all the you know my whole voice your whole voice every everything around us as far as the vibrational resonations that then gets transmitted into our hearing or understood as our hearing that that is all just being grabbed in in little packets in little frequencies and then we then make an audio file out of it and and some see this is an important thing about the way you talk even the way you look like everything about you I'll use the example of the way you talk how why do you talk the way you talk what accent do you have what action do I have people say I'm American here I sound so American but I've been playing with my accent so hard and when I go to America they don't call me American so what is it that that I am because but the thing that no one cares about is I go hey this sounds cool it sounds better this way it sounds better this way sometimes it's like well it's right to do it this way but but it sounds better or I like are there's some reason why I don't do it that way um and sometimes we just don't know so that way we got to learn and we got to learn and we got to learn and we'll do things wrong to begin with and eventually we'll we'll do them right because we got to keep an open mind about about what it is that that we had to learn in life and now that we have the internet available to us and and and this audio-video capabilities to teach everybody in the whole world, just for a sacrifice of one person. Now philosophy and mythology, and I consider sociology, is free to the entire world. Who knows about the website or who comes across it or whatever, you know, I make it very easy to find me. Because if you have concerns that I care about, then there's keywords everywhere.

And, you know, if you're searching on the Internet for the topics that are on my heart, then you'll find me really quickly. And if everybody does that, you know, like maybe the Internet isn't a good platform for it right now. Because it's too new and people are scared of security. but you know screw security I'm more concerned about getting the right people in my life um so so you know these people could do this and then do the same thing you know you get the right people in your life you can live whatever life you want whatever life you want whatever life you want and how you gonna get the right people in your life well you gotta search and you go with me I gotta do this because the thing is the people I'm gonna find as a result of this which are people that are gonna eventually do it or do it or start doing it or play or be interested in these areas or be be doing some of these fields or be doing something totally different but I'm gonna attract a lot of really unique and awesome people so you can sit home and stay in your the comfort of your your social makeup that you have mostly acquired I'm gonna say mostly acquired through uh through really really your birth um so you you can do that and i'm gonna go out to you know the the billions of people in the world and i'm gonna find the the coolest ones and i'm gonna spend the rest of my life uh with them um or die trying and and those who don't will just have to accept their own fate because they caused it themselves show us your voice mercury so we zoom in up up up you can see these two we can see a few okay so those two strings right there that one and that one uh look at how similar they are we'll zoom straight in okay so we'll first move it to maybe represent a little bit about see that line we can sort of guide that line and we didn't do it right but we're close we don't want to move it okay so we're getting close there we go now we should get it okay getting close and let's look very closely at these streams okay These wave files. Wave, wave, wave. Diana controls the waves. Now, you see those two? You see that one and then that one? Let's line them up. Because they all record differently. Like every single microphone records differently. But they have the same pattern.

okay we accidentally did that here we go okay maybe that should be it we'll get rid of this guy oh I didn't want to do that delete track delete track I will have to do that later for the 5.1 so remember that you do have to play around with 5.1 okay you see that you see that you see that who controls the waves who speaks the way just before we continue we have to do those other two and I don't know where they are we'll find them but all you gotta do is press M for mark oops press M for mark and you see now we got a mark there so now we can come back there easily and uh and it'll also allow us to drag like if we need to drag let's say this closer over here we can easily do that so now let's find it i didn't mean to do that hell to gods i would normally say watch the whole thing but again but i've already watched this a hundred times not joking um before you render and there's seriously nothing at all that could go wrong with the with this at all maybe this is a time to use that I don't know what it does but I've never done it before just put it there for right now actually that's what I'm doing wrong this is a new one so you get to see me make a new new template I feel custom did the wrong one there we go and move over and work here give me a sec that's all I gotta do just drop down this is what I use. I tried a lot of them, and this is a good mix between quality and size. And it all depends on your camera too, what you use, but I'm starting to like these settings. It's good. It's going to go up and up and up, and I wonder how much that's going to

be, but now it's time to take a shower. I really need to take a shower. My shower. After After I was baptized I decided I was going to tweak the settings a little bit since it kind of just started rendering and it's going to be really close to the deadline but we'll see how it goes.

I was kind of afraid we could get 5.1 audio so I upped the quality a little bit on everything really but we'll see how that goes and really there's no right answer because it's all about you as an artist. It's an artistic portrayal so if you like it. You got to know what it does though to know if you like it or not. this is this is what those the settings that I'm using for this one for this render it's gonna be a big one too yeah we gotta stop that look what it's doing to it it's like grainy you see that ooh that's not good I think it's I think I know the option is it in here yeah motion blur that one let's just we're we're using gauzen asymmetric let's try gauzen sorry that's what we were using gauzen and we tried gauzen asymmetric let's do it again okay how about this one i v of course

this on we got two r's reflection can you guess why i'll let you figure it out we just can't wait that long so we're gonna have to revert to our old settings and even try to make it a little bit faster this in any way is not an advertisement for them because I do not really even like them they change from what labor really is supposed to be but in saying that we the people should be taking over all of our needs because when we rely on unthinking systems like the government that take forever to do anything because they go through all their systems then then we have problems and you can see how much one individual can do now that we have high speed internet and if we just take back our own infrastructure which is this land that's here that has been claimed by these guys and us we the people start standing up for what's right and and destroy these systems by creating reasons why we no longer need them so this is how we we exfoliate the dead skin but at least now we have a little bit to rest oh so exhausted I still gotta produce all this crap after that oh man I'm just gonna chill that's more like it hail Apollo we just gotta find them



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



07-1984-Book-11-XI-Strings-of-Erato

i'm coming okay let's see if we can angle it right if we pray to apollo then maybe he will give us

the light that we need and if we trust okay that we will get a result and we find that she is beautiful on both occasions but the universe has decided to go in the center where it aimed so we look at this video we go to video manager let's manage our videos it doesn't Doesn't matter what platform it's on, YouTube's gay, use whatever you want, Archive to Orr it's alright, I don't know, use everything, I don't know, probably get off YouTube one year, I mean, not, just use YouTube and everything else, maybe YouTube will turn into something better, yeah, maybe they'll get bought out by people who buy out Google, which will never happen. And we noticed the background. What's happening there, man? And we go to it. Look at this room. We always remember Apollo. Because he brings us the brightest of them.

So we pray to the twelve Olympians, who represent one God, or different parts of one God, or different ways to understand our own human condition, or really even different ways to get yourself to understand what you want to understand, and you can understand anything in any way you want. Because our psychologies can be tweaked and fine-tuned depending on what you spend your conscious seconds doing. And if you spend your conscious seconds doing weird stuff that gets you really smart, that makes you really, really, really smart, then you continue and become really awesome. Eventually, my sock at first.

Yeah, yeah, I fixed my stock, but eventually you'll prevent, and it will show your character, because you have to get through 99% before you get to 100%. Bang. Still there. You didn't work.

So I gotta delete you. Why do I have to do this again? How many times do I have to do this? Dang.

Yeah. And you see, it's not Creative Commons, it's only a stupid YouTube license, which I don't know about any of those licenses, I don't care, because all this is open source and it has no license at all, it's even better trying to go beyond even public domain, or be the most public domain possible, you gotta go edit, advanced settings, I think there's a way to make this automatically do it, but I don't remember how I did it on my other account. And we changed a stupid license, we would change it to nothing if it allows to, but it's not letting us, why is it not letting us? Is there a copyright infringement on it?

I hope not, if there is I'll have to make another one, it shouldn't be because I try I don't use public domain music, except, oh no, sometimes, sometimes I, sometimes I don't even mean to, but sometimes I do, and only take easily a few seconds, I bet you, oh, I hate that, this is going to not be allowed to be public domain, parts of this won't be That would be open source, I don't know. Retarded. I hate licensing. I hate all licensing.

Chill licensing.

Even when you have original stuff and you promote stuff, you promote the people and then they put licensing and you're not even given good quality content. You're just given crap. You're just given the background noise and they claim that background noise is as they're running because they suck as people because those people don't know how to stop corporate businesses from taking over their music. Just licensing and see what's up with that. If I get anything in my inbox.

Not really people but really collective organizations usually are non-thinking individuals. Our account. I need to check our account. Creative Commons. I want it to be

Creative Commons. Why can't it be Creative Commons? Seriously, sir? I want it to be more Creative Commons. Yeah, I've matched third party content. Aww. I got that off public

domain. I got that off public domain. I got that off public domain. I can go back and find where, and I'll show, and I'll show, and I'll show. I'll dispute it. I will dispute it. I'm going to dispute it because I got it in a public domain. Now I've got to find out where I got it. That's a task. I made sure I found that song. I found a public domain one. I spent a while looking. I spent like actually a week looking for a public domain version of that song.

So I will definitely Well, I gotta before I do that Before I click it, I gotta find where I got it And I will, I will I don't know what they're talking about Just because people, just because music sounds the same It's, yeah, yeah, okay We make mistakes sometimes But we did get this public domain We just sent them the wrong link Uh, we got another one and I got to find it. I got to find it. But I don't even know if I can tell them I made a mistake because it's different. Listen, I got to look at my iPod. Oh, embarrassing.

I hope we didn't make a mistake. Let's go. Let's see. Okay. I called it Diana Song because

that Diana Song, that's the reason I post public domain. Diana Song. Okay. That's why didn't leave it because I have another Moonlight Sonata okay so let's hear you can't hear this apparently because it might be copyrighted you can't talk to anybody I just need to tell them that the link I sent them was the wrong one and then you gotta give me time to find it because I found it open source this is what we're gonna do we're gonna delete it no problem because it's gone LOL world, the heart of it is an open source, LOL, and I'll try to find the link and I'll dispute it when I find it, but it won't matter because I bet you it was, but it was distributed inappropriately probably, but I'll find it, and when I do, I'll dispute it, and if I can't, then I'll accept it because the heart that it needed, it was already killed itself.

It's a really funny society. My heart isn't open source. It's owned by people who don't want YouTube to own it. My heart's there.

See, we gave it a tag, Diana's Song, because that one right there wasn't, wasn't, uh, public domain. Um, so I went and found that one, which I liked. Uh, so I just got to find where I downloaded that.

Looking for something that size.

That length. Close, but no cigar.

It's gonna do it again. It's really hard to find this. What happened is I had a whole bunch of bookmarks, but they were taking up too much room, so I deleted a whole bunch of them. I accidentally deleted the one that had this song.

I'll find it. I usually always do. So many, why can't I find the one that I have? I downloaded it.

I searched. It was good. your body and drink of your blood while we contemplate for the next three days what these rituals actually mean. Thanks God for the break. I really needed it. So right now these guys

own my heart. The next part's huge but I have three days to do it now. I bought myself some time so let's see what we can cook up are you out there it's so cool because nothing like this has ever been done before and I'm the first to make use of this technology in this format and my media so cool I love it so much it's so awesome yay yay bit blurry big swing. Ursula felt like jumping off a bridge.

It's amazing what life brings. Like, the whole day I did it and then it comes on. My life! Is your life like this? Why isn't your life like this? You gotta use the right

I'm showing you I promise you that I don't realize these things in these productions I just do them I just follow these these things these things that lead me to always achieve this you just have to follow the signs and look at the finer details and then try to figure out how to blend into your environment HELL MY QUEEN I've always wanted to do this so I will but we will give it free because that is what the gods have commanded use twice now I need to flip it and photoshop this between a fallen man control T resize find out how much to turn to make it straight Poseidon. Use. I didn't even need the protractor. Let's give it time to flatten.

I'll take no time. Photoshop won't save unless I use this resolution. And this is the resolution for the image. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13. Why does it tell me that?

They put me on their crappy belling list even though they reject my work, even though it's all about ancient Greek ideas. Let's unsubscribe.

I didn't even sign up for this.

And remember this because you know these guys are crap now.

I'll just show you an image of how crap they are.

Remember this world. Remember your Greeks. Remember what they became. Remember what they really always were.

Remember what they did to Socrates. I don't want to subscribe to your shit. We forgot the one. We always need to remember the one.

Soon. Easy. It's how we make an interface. Just crap files, working with crap files just to...

We already saved the liar. See, these are untitled. And see, my whole computer's... I'm pushing it hard.

How many ways can I play this thing? Bang. thank you oh come on we'll have to do until we get live sounds now we gotta get rid of noise we should probably done that first but we didn't because we're idiots we learned so we're just gonna do it again all right so let's just do what we should have done to begin with this is your life girl it'll take it did I mention it gets longer and it'll just freeze on us sometimes so we gotta cancel it and do it again that's it all worthless I think I've run out of space I gotta fix it up something new is always something old we'll figure it out I'm gonna have to get it now you too I never subscribe to any of your crap and you get stupid little problems like this it's like what the crap you know that doesn't make any sense um let's see why you're doing that like don't let it watch what you do watch watch the progress and and you'll notice when things are different because you'll get used to how long it takes what's what the crap is that it's like makes no sense it's like I checked it it's really small file like the camera corrupted it or something or not maybe not the camera I don't know but get rid of that and we're talking and this is the settings this is for the sony and then merge into one file okay that's a bit better we're singing we're singing for you



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



07-1984-Book-12-XII-Men-of-Gods

and third time no we can see absolutely everything around us what will we become when we are able to tell any stories that we like simply by extracting the information from our environment what stories will we as humanity tell what sort of people are we and what information are we going to obtain about how healthy our collective psychology is.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



07-1984-Book-13-XIII-Royal-Vision

Hail Apollo! Hail Apollo! Hail Apollo! Hail Apollo!

Hail Apollo! Hail Apollo! Hail my queen! Hail my queen!

Let's give her her antenna. Let's give her her antenna. Want no trouble. We don't want no trouble.

You can go. USB. USB. Don't go in my tent.

Don't go in there. Don't want no trouble. Hey you. You're not welcome here.

Pack up your bags.

Who? What are you gonna do? What are you gonna do?

I'm not so indecisive. You wanna hurt me? Don't hurt me. Don't hurt me. Stop. Why are you going over there?

You can go from here. You don't need to be around here.

You're gonna kick me out of my own place? This is my place, dude. Where'd you go? Would you leave? Thank you.

Hal Zeus. Father of the son that I follow. Hell Zeus, the son of God, the son of God, hell Zeus. Hell my Queen, hell my Queen, hell my Queen, hell my Queen, hell Zeus.

Hail Hestia! Hail my queen. And we would not forget the most majestic queen of them all, Hera herself. and she reigns over the gods. We will do everything we can to not get in her way and respect her for the reign she holds and for how she deals with the position that she's given.

And ultimately, I'm asking her for my queen because she is the queen of the goddesses. And I'm asking for the queen of humanity. Hail Juno. Hail Juno. Hail Juno. Hail Hera. Hail Hera. Hail my queen. Hail Hera. She is royalty and most majestic of the gods.

She reigns with an iron fist and you must respect her and boy do we, hail Hera, hail my queen, hail Minerva, goddess of wisdom, who always directs our path when we are a bit confused, hail Minerva, hail Minerva, she comes in many forms, hail Minerva, hail Hell, my queen. Hell, my queen. Hell, my queen. Hell, my queen. Hell, my queen. Hell, Minerva. Hell, Poseidon. Neptune, who will bring many waves amongst our path.

Hell Poseidon, who affects us both in travels through land and sea for his actions, cause a change reaction that affects us all. Hell Poseidon. Hell Poseidon, who gives us the fruits of the sea. Hell Neptune.

Hell Poseidon. Hell my queen. Hell my queen. No. Hell my queen. Hell my queen. And we know Aries is just on the

other side of the lake. We've been there. There'll be a light later tonight. Hell my queen. Hell my

Queen. Aries. Hell the gods. Hell the gods. Hell the gods. Is that bright enough for you? Hell

the gods. Hail Apollo. Hell the gods. Hell the gods. I would not forget you, mother of all earth.

Hell Demeter. Hell Demeter. And I think this goes without saying. Standing here in the heart of the night, staring at the heart of my nation. Hell Aphrodite. Hell Venus. Hell the god of love. Hell my queen.

And we cannot forget you, dear Vulcan, Hephaestus, Hail Hephaestus, Hail Vulcan, Hail Vulcan, Hail my queen, Hermes, messenger of the gods, we have a message for you to send to everybody in the world. Mercury, slayer of Argus, hail Hermes, hail my queen, she's coming out. Hail the gods, hail Diana, who's responsible for this creepy light that Zeus covered over. Hell, Diana. Hell, my queen. Hell, my queen. The virgin goddess is shy, but we won't forget. And we will hail Apollo's rays that she reflects, even when Zeus covers her.

Hell, Artemis. Hell, Diana. Hell, my queen. Oh, really? Our virgin goddess is shy, but we will

hail Apollo's light that she reflects, even when Zeus covers her. Hell, Artemis. Hell, Diana. Our virgin goddess is shy But we will still hail Apollo's light that she reflects Even when Zeus covers over her Hail Diana Hail Artemis Hail Diana Hail my queen Hail my queen Hail my queen Hail Diana Hail Diana My queen The son that I follow Hail my queen Son of man, hell.

She deals in position. I'm asking for the of humanity.

Hail Juno. Hail Juno.

Hail Hera.

She reigns with an iron fist. And you must respect her. And boy do we.

Wisdom.

Poseidon.

Neptune. Who will bring many waves amongst our path.

Expects us.

Both in travels through land and sea. his actions cause a change exosol hell poseidon hell poseidon who gives us the fruits of the sea hell neptune hell my queen hell the gods the gods demeter we cannot forget you vulcan what's this i have a message for you to send to everybody mercury slayer of argus responsible for be lied hail Apollo hail Apollo hail Apollo let's give her her antenna hail Zeus Aegis bearing Jove father of the son that I follow son of God the son of God hail Zeus hail my queen hail my queen hail my queen Zeus. Hail Hestia. Hail my queen. Hestia. Hail Hestia. Hail my queen. Hail Hestia. Hail

my queen. And we would not forget the most majestic king of them all, Hera herself. For She is thrown to Joe and she reigns over the gods. We will do everything we can to not do it in her way.

She holds how she deals with the position that she's given. And ultimately I'm asking her for my queen because she is the queen of the goddesses. And, uh, I'm asking for the queen of humanity.

Hail, Juneau.

Hail, Juneau.

Hail, Juneau.

Hail, Hera.

Hail, Hera. Hail, my queen.

Hail, Hera.

She is royalty and most majestic of the gods.

And she reigns with an iron fist, and you must respect her. dewey, hail Hera, hail my queen, hail Minerva, goddess of wisdom, who always threats our path when we are, hail Minerva, hail Minerva, she comes in many forms, hail Minerva, hail Hell, my queen. Hell, my queen. Hell, my queen. Hell, my queen. Hell, my queen. Hell, Minerva. Hell, Poseidon. Neptune, who will bring many waves amongst our paths.

Hell Poseidon, who affects us both in travels through land and sea for his action to cause a chain reaction that affects us all. Hell Poseidon. Hell Poseidon who gives us the fruits of the sea. Hell Neptune. Hell Poseidon. Hell my queen. Hell my queen. No. Hell my queen. Hell my

queen. And we know Aries is just on the other side of the lake. We've been there. There'll be a light later tonight. Hell Aries. Hell my queen. Hell my queen. Hell Aries. Hell

Hell the gods! Hell the gods! Hell the gods! Caleb Hollow!

Hell the gods! Hell the gods! Hell the gods! Demeter, I would not forget you, mother of all earth.

Hell Demeter! Hell Demeter! Hell my queen, this goes without saying. Standing here In the heart of the night.

In the heart of my nation. Thyaphrodite.

Hail Venus.

Hail the God of love. Hail my queen. And we cannot forget you, dear Vulcan.

Hephaestus.

Hail Hephaestus.

Hail Vulcan. Hail Vulcan.

Hermes, messenger of the gods. We have a message for you to send to everybody. in the world. Mercury, Slayer of Argus. Hail Hermes. Hail Hermes. Hail the gods. Hail Diana.

He's responsible for this creepy light that Zeus covered over. Hail Diana. Hail my queen. my queen the virgin goddess is shy you won't forget and we will hail apollo's rays that she reflects even when zeus covers her hail artemis hail diana hail my queen our virgin goddess is shy but we will hail apollo's light that she reflects even when zeus covers her hell artemis

hell diana we will steal hell apollo's light that she reflects even when zeus covers over her Hell Diana. Hell Artemis. Hell Diana my queen. Hell my queen. Hell my queen. Hell Diana. Hell Diana

my queen. Hell Apollo. Hell Apollo. Hell Zeus of the son that I follow. Son of God. Son of God

hell Zeus. Ahestia, hail my queen. She deals with the position of the goddesses and I'm asking for the queen of humanity. Hail Juno. Hail Juno. Hail Hera, majestic of the goddess.

He reigns with an iron fist, and you must respect her, and boy do we. Hail Hera. Hail Minerva, goddess of wisdom, comes in many ways, travels through land and sea for his actions cause a change. Hail Poseidon, who gives us the fruits of the sea.

Hail Neptune. Hail Poseidon. Hail Queen. Just on the other side, we've been the fight later tonight.

Hell the Gods! Hell the Gods! Hell the Gods! Hail Apollo! Hell the Gods! Hell the Gods! Hell the Gods!

Mother of all Earth. Hell my Queen. We cannot forget you, dear Vulcan. Hephaestus! Hell Hephaestus! Hell Vulcan!

messenger of the gods we have a message for you to send to everybody in the world mercury slayer of argus hell hermes hell my queen the gods hell diana is responsible for this uh this creepy light that zeus covered over hell my queen my queen hell diana even when Zeus covers over her.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



07-1984-Book-14-XIV-Wings-of-Daedalus

So we just recharged and That's really good news for us because now we're going to try to share the internet Which this didn't used to work on our old phone because it's not exactly, you know

Agreeable in the terms and conditions But thank you Optus. I love you. I love you. If you keep doing this I'll keep I'll keep your service forever I started the show Song of Wind trying to be three episodes, but I had too much footage so then I made these three, that one, that one, and that one, just for open source footage so I could use it but it developed and that actually became good for what I needed to use for the actual production.

So you can see that those are, I've locked those, see I've locked them there. So those are closed now. Because I didn't want them there anymore I thought how I'm doing it now is much better because I wanted my teachers to actually watch it. That's why I only wanted to do three at first, but I figured out that there's no chance that they're going to do that.

So I made it for the public. Food, yay! We love the sunships. Come on, sun!

People might meet psychologists and stuff like that, but that's not what we need. We're trying to educate ourselves, and having someone to listen about our problems isn't an education method. So why did you do this? Why did this student come to you like in need who really longs for these subjects but in a different way than you do and you don't like them so you ignore them and you're horrible to them and you alienate them?

I mean, I've got proof of all of this, so this is what you do, Murdoch, and I keep saying this is what you teach, too, so there's no practical wisdom in the understandings that you give. And I know I'm saying Murdoch, but this is the way our schooling system functions if you don't fit into the You know the status quo Then then you're cast out of it

Push it push it as hard as you can Make it do as much as you can without with it still being At least somewhat comfortable push it give it shit the more shit you give it the more they'll make it better don't worry about messing up you'll fix it she doesn't wear any wings find out which one come on this is awesome none of you realize you're all idiots my one will realize okay 18 I made mistakes but I fixed them because I'm awesome she can make angels seen it with my own eyes seen it with my own eyes let's watch gotta be patient because we're giving it heaps of shit give it lots of crap give it lots of crap because this is a slow computer just like this guy give it as much crap until it's really uncomfortable once it's really uncomfortable then back off on it slow. I think I've hammered it too much. Hammer. Hammer it. Ooh. Yeah, see I clicked it twice

and it does this weird thing, but it'll still work. This isn't it. Not 19, that's something else. 17. I gotta clear my desktop. Let's enter it. No, it's just the last one. Let's

Let's see if we can get the other one. Well, let's see if we did it. Yeah. This is why we rock.

Okay, so let's see if 19, nine's always a better number. Maybe, I don't know. Sometimes, most time. I like nine.

Don't be a slow bow. Slow, because I'm pushing it. Give it shit, give it shit, give it shit, give it shit, give it shit, give it shit. as much as you can until it doesn't work and once it doesn't work then back off just a little bit

still working oh i just go through this footage heaps like i don't need anything until the end

rejected by the greek

how does one advertise films that pop culture doesn't like I don't care if you don't like it it's only for one person but how do I reach that one person I'm just teaching you absolutely everything I know kind of teaching myself too you see the problem is that no one in society can determine character they have no ability to realize that this philosopher that just got his hands on this camera eventually learns how to use the camera and not only that I mean you can see it throughout my whole life how how there's this guy who is interested in noble ideals getting pushed around everywhere because of that fact and and not understanding these ideals fully and then eventually I do so mark my word society I'm about to become really famous and oh I won't do it on your terms so fuck you who seriously and why why because I'm showing you how to determine character and eventually I know it's gonna take a long time and maybe up to generations but eventually it's all gonna happen because the world is about to change thanks to the internet and these guys and me don't forget about the other day I was at a music appreciation meeting and there was this guy who was like oh what can we do about the world you know we can talk about doing stuff but we can never actually do stuff I mean it's hard to actually consider what you can do to fix it all and I was like you know that's bullcrap and he's like well what do you mean and and I showed him the video that I was doing the night before which was converting books into speech, which shows us how to extract information as individuals. But the thing is that he and everybody else in this world wasn't concerned about individuals. They were concerned about the collective entity. But we can never fix the collective without fixing ourselves.

So we have to fix the individual before the collective will get fixed. and if we have this problem where we can't identify this then we're going to screw ourselves up as humanity. How many moons do we have? How many moons does it take to give us the tides?

But first I had to grab this. I'm already being stalked by multiple underage males. How long do you think it will be until it's females? If I had eyes in the back of my head, I would've told you that you look good as I walked away.

Found the point. Do you think if you ignore me I'll go away? You'll have to kill me. making my resume good but why is everything about collective organizations here's our clock and after hours and hours of work we will give up but we will never completely give up because we will continue to come back until it works but we only lost two files this time action okay so all you have to do is right-click so here's the audio that we did we did audio and then a video with the audio so you just right-click it and go audio event at effects oh wait wait that's not it it's this one right here sorry I went to the wrong one so you go here and right click and you go to audio event FX and you can see here we added reverb like we added a this this this this and we just played around with it until we got you know what we liked so you can do that really easy and if you noticed on the video so the second time I also went to the same thing except video and see I used all these ones and just played around with it until i got what i liked do you see so when we merged our files we made the last one too big because the whole thing was for diana but it was going to be one production and it ended up being more so see diana's song but that's huge that's really huge 17 gigabytes um so it's like six hours of footage um so what i did i gotta work with what i did um next time I won't make it that big but see it goes on there and the way you do it is you zoom into there and then you select the very last frame and so you make sure it's on that frame because if you select more it'll have it won't it'll have pieces you don't want in it okay so then you zoom out so it's small while it's on that frame and then you hold down shift and then you hold down left and it just selects like it'll select all of it and then go to file and then go to render as and when you go to render as there's a loop region make sure you select a loop region and then it'll only do what you've selected like it's doing now TV couldn't be any better how are we to portray an image. What is screen and how are we to utilize our imaging with our camera to effectively

extract information from the world. We're going to talk about our senses and I'm going to hone in on our vision, but once I explain the vision, you can apply the metaphors to our other senses, and similes. So, because all of our senses work in a very similar fashion, it's just there's different sources to receive that data. But our eyes, so we We have the sun, that's the light, so it comes up in the day, or it comes up in the morning and then it casts from a very long distance, it casts itself over the galaxy.

And it's casting itself in all directions and that's why we orbit around it. And light takes a certain amount of time to come here, so we're getting light from the past that is now here so we can see, but this light isn't, it is this light because the light sets the environment. I mean, even if I had this light on at night, this room would be a very different room. So, how do we perceive it with our eyes?

Well, our eyes can't see the sun. We're not supposed to stare into the sun, but if we do, we're only seeing a glow. We're not seeing the actual material that the sun's made of. whereas the moon's very different, and whereas planets are very different.

But it's just because it creates so much light, so much heat, so much light, for our vision to see it, for it to get here, we don't see what's under it, or even what's it being made of, and we have to utilize things like cameras. I turn the exposure down so we get these really good cameras, professional ones, that can then zoom in to the sun and then play around with the settings to be able to see sunspots and stuff like that. So without this equipment, then we really have no ability to do this with our eyes. eyes so we're receiving this this data from from light and all it's doing is casting reflections it's a it's it's reflecting off of the objects that are found in the world and the colors are basically the colors come about from the different shades so so however something looks to me because colors don't really exist it's just how the Sun reflects or like how light reflects different objects and and their consistencies and and materials and shades so so how can we then apply these understandings to our camera work well are you going to how are you going to do the shot if you're doing a lot of things like me you You know, auto is a really good function, but to do a manual setting, especially with a cheap camera, which I'll show you sometime soon, I'll show you, probably even tonight really, I'll show you how to use this camera, and my camera is pretty good, but it's affordable to everybody. So I'll be playing around with it, showing you all of these features and

how to get good shots or what is good shots. I mean, it's really up to the artist and you shouldn't be, if it's good to you, then it's good. That's all that matters. But when you have these settings okay so you can change the exposure so you can let more light in so basically you know if if the Sun's you know just coming up our eyes are just starting to see it's it's just starting to reflect off of all the objects and our eyes to start to so we can't see it very well and then we got focus, you know, it says, so I look at a distance, um, and everything in my vision, um, sort of hazes out. So I'm looking at the camera and around here is, is, uh, blurry, uh, but then I change it

and I look over here and then this over here is blurry and, uh, my peripheral, peripheral vision and, and cameras don't really have that, but, um, but it's not just in the peripheral vision, it's here too so the camera is working on the focus so like think of the camera as your eyes or another pair of eyes for you or another eye a super an uber eye and uh and things that interest you in your environment you can use the camera to uh to get uh really detail to really learn details about all the things that you're really interested in because you can get really close to it and you You can really know the objects in the world and really how it all works, how everything functions. And I must say that I keep on realizing stuff. I go, oh, wow, like, especially, you know, I learned media, like these uni books that I'm reading and stuff. I go, you know, I never thought of that, but I was instinctively doing it.

So, there's a lot of things that are built into me that I never actually, you know, thought about, which the education, the study, those are good books still, even though it's a crappy school. And, well, every school is crappy, really. But it teaches you sort of what you're doing. And we really want to make this instinctive.

We don't want to. And the way to make it instinctive is to really play with your camera. just always play around with your camera like um this is i i don't just use this to record uh like there's there's a screen on the back of this like right now there's a screen i'm looking at the screen see i try to look there but i look at the screen sometimes um one time there was a booger uh and i didn't know because i was looking here instead of there so i don't know where to look but but the thing is this will at least tell me everything that's in the frame so i can at least you know use that as a guide and people usually don't know do you know okay i'm looking at you here now and i'm looking at you here now like how much of a difference really is that i mean it is a difference but but uh like it's so small so you know whether you look there or there um it's it's not a big deal really and and you kind of look i kind of look all around anyway um back to to vision so so with our cameras um don't think of oh this is bad and this is good and and like you got to think of what it is supposed to accomplish so what is the desired result of what you're creating and and then you can oh well well maybe overexposure is good or maybe maybe we should change the focus or or maybe we should start the shot with it with a manual focus and then turn it automatic after we do something else um and and the thing like i'm showing you these buttons and stuff like that i'm showing you how to do all this but but ultimately i don't think people should have to do that because we should learn like i'm the one teaching that so i'm going through i'm going but but but you should uh learn like by by me teaching you all of this um and you having as all uh but if you want if you want to do something like this now you have it all before you can before you even start and if you want to you should start like you know educated with how you're going to do it and it's available to you i had to work really hard to get it it's a different story between me and you now um so you know like i said before some of my camera work was really shoddy and it's just getting so good though now like now how far can i zoom in you know this like every like it's it's a part of me and it's extension it's a it's a weapon um it really is is the best weapon in the world and I'm trained in many, many weapons. Because it enhances your vision in all aspects. Because once you learn how nature works and how the world

around you works, or at least the parts that you're interested in, then your life becomes more understandable and you can find direction a lot easier. And you're going to study this stuff again and again like like this right here I know I've said this so many times but but I want to you know for so the production to get it produced to get it uploaded I gotta watch this three more times so this is I'll probably end up rendering it once and and then not liking something about it too so so and then and then at the end all after or when I'm uploading it or right before I I'd really like to do it right before I upload it. I'll watch it again, just to know. And then after everything's uploaded, I'll watch the whole thing.

And not only that, every time before I submit it to a film festival, I'll watch it. And then I go, oh, I need to reference something. I think about what I was thinking about before, because I leave myself hints all the time. And I go, oh, okay.

And then I go study it, and then I learn the stuff way better than I already knew it, But even though, you know, I was making an entire, like, it makes sense from different perspectives from any angle that you come from.

So, this is, so what about our senses, you know, okay, we can give sight, so I can give you light, I can play around with the light, the lens receives, and give you different environments. I can put sepia or different color schemes on it, but let's be honest, I kind of like reality, because reality is so, uh, is a fantasy, and I show you that very, very well, even though most, but, like, develop your sight, and you will be able to see, um, so, so then, like, uh, we got, we, we can't touch, smell, we have no abilities, at least right now, to convey that, um, to other people um but we got audio so um so we got our ears and our eyes that that we can put on the internet um we we can't put uh we can't put our taste we can't put our smell we can't put our touch um but ears ears and eyes is such a huge um huge portion of the equation um But all we need to do is play around with these cameras, really, and we can all become uber-mitches. So the sense data from our ears, we got waves, sound waves, and there's a lot of different noises in my mind. I remember one really good, where it was in Song of Wind, where it goes, boing, boing, it goes, whoop, whoop, whoop.

It was near the Capitol building, the Democracy Museum, actually. And that was really, really interesting that I caught that, and I can put that in many different productions in the future, which I may, I mean, I don't know. I kind of like just giving you new footage all the time, but I know most people can't do that. So we got this something happening to vibrate at a certain frequency, certain hertz, and then we get different types of waves, like delta waves and alpha waves, and these waves can be utilized for many different things, including music and psychoacoustics, so you can, I know this is all very new, but we've been using different sounds to train us to do something, because it makes us feel a certain way, and we can easily integrate these frequencies into our music, so we don't even know that they're playing uh so like i've seen it successful like nail biting i've seen a thing that on nail biting and people you know uh did it really good and there's there's a few on not smoking i mean there's a lot there's weight loss ones and and and i'm not sure i know the technology is new but but it resonates well what's it what it's supposed to do is it's supposed to your corpus callusum and and this is supposed to get larger because you're exercising it which then you connect more parts in your brain by doing that but let's go back to waves and and how they work so like where the distance of a wave of a sound wave is obviously way way less than the distance of light I mean we got a Sun here but what makes noise in our universe that we actually hear. There's nothing, because it comes into our atmosphere, and our atmosphere

really protects us from all of that anyway. But not only that, I'm speaking right now here, and who can hear me? I doubt anybody. I know it's in a set of units, but I'm in the spare bedroom, and there's a window looking over the city right there, so there's no one really here, so the vibrations in my vocal cords, which I call Pandora's box, which is fine but that is vibrating from pressure from so the pressure is vibrating a certain frequency that's creating a certain volume and a certain tone and and then that's reaching the microphone and so the microphone then receives that data and then records it so even though there's only one person here and only one person that is can hear me which is really myself then is that really true because how many people is this video going to reach so how many people am I speaking to right now like we got to think about these things the internet is so awesome and there's just so many things we can do with it and now we have Audio, so we have our ears and we have our vision, and if we can combine those into one format, as individuals, and of course you can do this in groups, but as individuals are going to have to be the ones to stand up to do it in groups.

I mean, I tried to start, I started out trying to do it in groups and no one wanted to do it, uh, kind of cause, uh, a lot cause what I was doing was controversial, um, at least the one, most people don't even realize, uh, that what I'm doing is controversial cause they don't, they don't look at what I'm doing, they, they just assume, um, but, but not only that, I don't really get along with people, I gotta do things my own way and that's not the way collective groups work and uh and the thing is i just wanted people to help you know and then i could help them with what they want to do you know and that would be such a cool way to do it for for um you know you and your friends to each do it but but you help each other do other things so um so that way you can expand you know i'm i'm i've done all this alone like all these stories are just just from me and there's so many characters in them like like it what i've done is really amazing um but I had to do that because there was no one else in in my environment that that would do it with me and I had to do it so um so I had to figure out a way to do it uh which was which was kind of good because I think that you should be doing it as an individual you should have your own website you should have your own YouTube channel um and you should get into social networking too I'm I'm getting out of social networking because of how all this is going um i have to protect myself and if you ever come to the point where you need to protect yourself then you should do that too but but the thing is that well if i'm talking to my ivory here which is everything anyway um almost everybody's kind of love you uh you'll get a few comments uh but but but the majority of people are gonna absolutely love you um so you're like as far me my safety and security is a lot different than what your safety and security is going to be so I guess we talked about vision and in our ears and really our senses but but we need to learn how to hone in on the senses that we have and then be able to combine them to be able to create a good production because now anyone can do what I'm doing and and in order to be the best at it we have to understand how all these things work and I do a lot of really interesting things with the camera and if you just look at you know what did he just do there I mean I bet you there's so many people I bet you air almost everybody if not everybody will not get a lot of the scenes that's like how much am I saying without saying anything and a lot of these scenes like how much am I really saying most people don't even realize what happened they go uh what just happened you know oh or they just keep watching don't realize what it was what the statement really was I mean these these scenes especially the ones where I don't talk at 99% of the time if you just you know pause it play it watch it go back watch again go back watch it again you'll go oh oh oh but but a lot of these things you have to know the background stories so obviously you're not gonna know some of these things if you haven't studied the work and every once in a while I'll throw in something that that if you're smart you could piece together but mostly for me or kind of just as a joke you know this is all so funny i'm such a good comedian and one day you'll realize that uh and i'm really good at this uh and i'm getting better every day and i really love doing it too um so so and i know a lot of people think that like i'm really good at this i am really good at this uh because there's not anything like what i'm doing out there and the thing is that my whole life i look for stuff like what I'm doing now I'm like I want this this is what I want but but it wasn't there so now I'm showing you I'm doing it and now it's like well I mean I'm all I'm all sorted because I'm getting what I want I'm getting my television and I'm becoming the smartest person in the world by doing it and not only that like by by being able to sit here and speak like this in front of the camera of how much is that actually building my character how much can can I convey compared to you how much information at once can I process and and then interpret to you in the best way that I know how and I know I get sidetracked like I used to write all the time I couldn't do this I couldn't do this at all because I would forget what I was thinking about so I would lose my train of thought lose my train of thought and it's good and I had to create different methods to be able to fix that and now here I have so let's let's save the world together or I'll do it myself one or the other I don't really care so make your decision easiest and cheapest milk that you'll find and we will slowly gain back the luxuries in life that we once lost but this time we will be spies this little program is a gem that most people don't know about but you scan the tree of anything and this is the c drive and since we only got 64 gigs on this it's a solid state disk uh we don't have a lot of room so we gotta see where all this stuff is so we got we can't really do much about that we can do a little bit if it gets really bad um like clear update files and stuff like that but uh we can uninstall programs but we don't really want to do that uh okay there's not much there but look at this users directory okay so that's all right well we got in the public folder there's 4.8 gigs is it so what's there I don't know I put something there a while ago okay I don't think I need it anymore yeah you're too so let's do those two okay let's get rid of it I'll show you why we gotta do this you see there's only 4.91 gigabytes free there so let's yeah that was the raw files that we used um so that was good uh let's go back let's go and there's the window folder okay what's in the window folder uh videos uh okay so let's look what videos do we got there uh this is probably what we took the footage that we took the other day um oh no no no my video is real education um which one is that okay so there's your problem there and uh that's already been done i just needed that that's the source file um so let's do that let's do that and let's go back to computer all right so now we got lots free and that's really good. So we just, Horsey just made us interested in reading this so we're going to get on it. Okay this huge video file has just been giving my computer lots of crap so I took, that starts at the second part of Diana and I just what I did see I got two windows open here so this is the first part of Diana which I got to render again because it didn't come out right but but so I'll show you how to do that anyway so if you only want to render like a certain area you select that area and then you go file and then you go render as and see you go render loop region only have that ticked but i want us to do the whole thing so i won't have that ticked and i hate that thing i don't know why it keeps on going up i don't even i don't want it i don't care okay but that's good and and i'm just gonna see i'm not 100 sure yet on the names uh but it's okay because i got some time we'll save that all right so now we got this going but we also got this guy and this guy's huge but uh but what we need to do is we we can really work with him but we don't want to keep him open um and we have to deal with him later this will be the next one see we got this much time left on it um so we just want to save it see how slow it's going it's That's because I just started the render on that, but it was going slow anyway before I did that. Let's cancel that for now.

Alright, here we go. So let's just call it Diana 2. So what we'll do is after we make 2, so after we put, you know, after 2 is there, then we'll copy the rest. So I'll just save it and I'll show you.

So let's say 2 is finished there, and then we just copy the rest and you can right click. and you can cut see it'll cut it see it's gone and then you then you just open another Vegas another copy of Vegas and just put it in but the control on do that okay so that's that's how you do it so now we're saved here so we can close this guy because the computer kept on going low memory low memory that's how you do it

okay so let me show you how to use a handy cam okay so we're starting out with the shutter this is the shutter and this protects the lens as you can see my shutters the bottom part's broken i can't fix it and plus and then when we look at the lens you can see there's a scratch on it and it's really dirty we have this little thing which packs up into a little case which we can use to then clean the lens and when this is pretty dirty right now but it kind of gives a character and plus scratches and things like that give it character I like it at least it it's it goes through different things like this scratch gives a character because of what it's been through I don't know where that scratch came from but it's still good and you can use that to you know open scenes or close scenes or play around with it like it's it's a tool available to be used I mean there's a projector here and I would recommend getting one with projector I haven't used it a lot but it's really cool when I have but but you got the battery in the back and if you can see there's bite marks all over it because that's because I use it like this I mean, you would have known that, but you would never see me do it because the camera's here. And in the back there's an SD card and that comes out. And this one's one that can record in high definition, but I generally am happy recording 720 because that's the quality that really I like to work with because the equipment's not powerful enough to do anything more. more and we don't have enough data like uh it's too it's too much data to work with okay so um then you have this this is the zoom um and you see that how your finger this is a right-handed camera um yeah of course you could probably get a left-handed camera i mean you should get a left-handed camera if uh if you're left-handed if you i mean if you can't at least train your right hand and and then this takes a photo but we don't really do worry about that because we get 25 of those per shot but and it's not really a better quality it's not really better quality at least with this handy cam but you see this is 67 extended zoom that's an optical so yes an optical 67x but look it's 1800 digital so this this is a really good zoom and you can see all the way across from the city I can look okay so now we get to I mean this has to feel really really comfortable in your hands you should be able to I mean I know it takes time like I'm really good with it now but like it took time and what I'm recording on right now um I'm not very good with it and plus I can't see myself, so I don't know if I'm in frame or not. I mean, I'm just guessing. It looks

okay. I guess I'll find out later. But so you just, you know, zoom like that and you need to get really good, but you need to get really steady with your hand, too, because especially when you zoom, when you get far away, it's really, really shaky. And the more shaky you are, the more it will hurt the heads of the people watching, so take note of that.

But here we got a few buttons. We have a light here and that will turn on the light. We press it once and see it's auto, which means that if it's bright enough to not need it, then it won't use it. But then if you press it again, you see now it forces it to be on. So it'll be

on whether it's light or dark enough anyway. So we turn that off. We got the projector here. It'll be funny. Yeah, press rewind. Now it's projecting on your lens right there.

I'm not sure what you see. It'll be funny to see. But there's a bunch of movies there. we'll see that because I'll do it this way. I'll actually show you the projector. So it's pretty

big. I mean that's like a lot of the wall. I mean look. Okay so this is the menu and this is probably the best way to do it. Alright so I'll back up so you can get a bit. Okay so here we

got a menu and um actually a little bit better okay so here here's our menu and we gotta get really used to this at first I just edited it on Vegas but now I try to do final copies on this so this is maybe the last few days and we can see here here's the last videos we've done and what I want to show you here is sort of what I do sometimes because it's better to get footage didn't have it and did not have it so like I know this skips sometimes so I started at this this time and and this is really crap footage because it's going to end I stopped it right before and so I could create this video so I didn't don't do any editing see 99% 4300 so that one right there see I can delete it so to delete it you press pause make sure you press pause because if you don't press pause then it might skip over to the next video and then and then it will delete what you don't want it to delete so let's then you see press those paused and then there at the right and then you see delete delete but but I won't do that yet because I want to show you something before we delete it okay so let's go back there let's go play all right so we want to stop it at 29 because that's how old I am about to be and and then we go split so that's that one right there you see you see protect or divide divide so we can then divide it so we'll divide it and you see right there there's a timeline so 24 seconds into it we want to divide it and we want to go okay okay yes and that way you can get two videos so let's say all right so go back and here's your menu here okay so now see how there's two videos for it and so that's the crap one now we know that's the crap one remember pause it i lost two files by not doing that i let it play and then lost two that was what i was trying to recover earlier so delete the first one see yes delete it okay and then we come and we go here uh so we got oops wait wait that's the good one all right so now we have this one that starts at 29 seconds see all right so we want to delete that anyway actually actually no um we'll go back a little bit see you can okay so pause i'll pause it right there 29 and then i'll divide it i'll divide it let me see what that thing is oh that's the ball okay so we'll divide it and yeah it's just a little bit into it and we'll go okay yeah okay so then we'll get back I'm here and now this is the crap one because he has 28 so let's delete that okay okay all right so you can do a lot of editing on here I'm trying to get to see so now I'm gonna I'm just gonna leave that one in there and then it goes over to 5, just so you can see. And it was kind of cool what we just did. Okay, so this is the little interface and it's pretty cool. There's a lot of editing that you can do with it just by dividing and deleting really, dividing and deleting. But I prefer to do

to do everything in one shot um so what am i i'll show you get it back okay all right here we uh playback no that's not okay so this is playback this is a that's i can't it's not letting me do it because uh because it needs to be playing in order to do it um so i'll show you now in the lights recording good see i'm not used to this camera yet so i'm not i'm confident with this thing not confident with that thing yet um but it's really handy cams it's it's a handy cam it's uh so any any cameras like this um see that doesn't this thing doesn't have a good zoom at all it's uh it takes good pictures but it's a camera it's not um a record it's not a video recorder that's not its primary function so this would be really good for close-up stuff and and really getting into places recording in places that I shouldn't be or that be difficult because it's underwater and and it's really durable so that's that's why I got got this and and this one right here is really the the tool though this is if they can make this like that and that'd be awesome and ultimately if they had better software on it and it was faster and and you could recover so if they had like a trash or something okay but but what you do is you press that button right there and you got oops yeah yeah menu is that right yeah so you press menu and you got this little menu here and I made this menu so you see this show others this thing was confusing at first it's so slow too like it takes forever to go through them all and they have a bunch of options here and most of them aren't very good so the best ones the best ones are put in the menu here all right so we first have exposure so the exposure we can quickly change it even though we have to press button see it says auto it's on auto right now you can change it to manual and then you can go see we're going down so we're changing the exposure and we can we can see you see I'm gonna put it back to auto but that's not the only thing that we we need we got here focus so we take that focus off auto and and we can look at things very close um or things far away and play around with it like that okay so then we got okay and we got see a tele macro and this is just an easy macro mode it's like quick and you know something in front of me um that i want to get i haven't really used it much but i know it works and it's just you know training myself to know that that's there really um and then just press on and then you know you have an easy an easy macro mode so you can get some details okay so we'll turn that one off and that was off or canceled by using zoom all right i don't know but but i know it works and if it doesn't you can just use that focus thing anyway um we got the white balance here too uh so i don't really use that to be honest because the exposures good enough but i have it there and then i got the fader the fader so that's like you know if it's going to fade in black or so it's off right now it doesn't fade at all um but we've used a black fader before so why don't we start using a white fader that'd be cool so we just turn on a white fader and and now there's also a media format so every time see what i do is when I start to get a few days footage, then I'll take out the SD card and I'll either put it in the computer or I can put it any, I got the USB so I can put it anywhere I want and then copy the files over to the big directory that has all the files and once I'm ready to produce it, then I'll have to put those files through that video converter, the video converter that I showed you before to get them to combine them all and then once then I got put in Vegas and then I got to take out what I don't want. It's better to get too much footage than it is not enough and sometimes you know there's a lot of things that you can't really see very well here on here so you don't know if like what it actually caught so sometimes there's been a lot times I was like no I don't want that and then I check out the footage and something awesome happened in it and it's like wow that's that's really cool okay so that's the camera and you know the way you use it oh here something I've been learning you know at first oh yeah just make it upright upright upright but then I started to think about meaning and and how to convey as much meaning in a single frame as possible and in order to do that you have to put as much meaning in that frame as possible so who cares here here I'm upside down right here and look how easy that was bang bang upside down you know and people are like hanging upside down but I got my fossey so I mean okay so uh and and not only that like like okay so that's that's a cool shot like here's a cool shot you know let's let's turn this camera you know don't don't make people sick but but you know use use that you know it's widescreen here um so it's as close to to our vision that we've had so far. So use the whole screen. It don't have a gap and plus you know you have a focus in the middle and then you have two sides that have nothing. That's

not worth it. If you're zooming up on something that's upright then then put it on its side or put it on its side like that. Like you got to see you can use your hand to hold it like that so it's stable and you and like that I mean once trained I'm actually better at doing it like this than I am like that but I'm pretty good with with both ways um so that's and make sure the swivel the swivel use the swivel and see this is kind of awkward though like to do like that it's kind of awkward because you're kind of taking your hand away from where it's supposed to be but but I've done that too you can do that too but but you You can't go this way, you can't go this way, but you could go this way like that if you changed hands. But remember the hands that you have, because if you change hands then, you know, how are you going to control the camera?

And when you do turn it, remember about the screen. So how are you going to flip the screen so you can see yourself or are you pretty confident that it's good? don't want to put too much attention on yourself trying to be to look in the shot I mean and sometimes I go like oh that and I go and I'm looking you know at this but I'm like I should really be looking at this so I can make sure I'm in the shot so that's why this right here you know is really so easy because I don't have to move the camera at all and what else do we have here. I mean, we have USB, but I don't use it because it doesn't charge with the USB. It's only file copies, which I mean, I'll just take the SD card out. And there's

different modes. Oh, that's just picture or video. I mean, that's the basic camera. Auto modes, I recommend just starting out with auto mode, learning the light, learning about light learning about focus and and when you start to be feel confident with the camera then start playing around with those those functions um so i hope you enjoyed this little tutorial but uh but i recommend i do like this camera a lot and i do like sony a lot um but i kind of like all technology now like uh the technology is getting so good as long as you're buying off a name brand then the technology is good. And it all has a different lens so we can have different

ways of viewing the world. So get whatever camera you want and your artistic style will develop that around your camera. That's why you should really get one that you want. And get one that has technology. I mean, this, this only costs $350 or $300, $290, $290, $290. Um,

has a projector. It does full HD if I wanted to. Um, and, and I mean, the battery lasts about, uh, 115 minutes usually. I think, um, that's, that's, ah, my feet. Uh, that sounds about right.

anything else about this camera? I mean, this camera's done me so good. I've dropped it. You've seen me drop it. I fell with it. You've seen that. You probably didn't realize that I fell,

but it's a really good camera. I mean, don't go for one of those $100 cameras, which, I mean, maybe this will be, this should be $100 in a year or so, and imagine these things, imagine these things built into sunglasses imagine my tablet built into sunglasses with a camera like this and and a connect device to hook that up to do like this and then me speaking to it as well um you know i just go uh start listening and it starts listening to me and then stop listening and stops listening to me and and like it's so easy like we can we can connect ourselves so much with with this technology um that uh that we can end up being really educated people collectively so that's what i hope that this right here will accomplish and another thing actually like stuff like that like be proud of your camera and its history so so stuff like that like when it's when it's there you know in the shot and you go oh i could you know put that in the shot to make it more interesting um so so do that like whenever your camera i don't don't think oh i have to have it new it has to be always like new you know um make it yours and when when things uh when things deteriorate on it then be proud be proud of its history and what everything you put it through and give it as much crap as you can thank you fallen god put this in front of the glasses

Okay, so I've come across a scene that I don't remember, and there's an audio, some type of audio playing in the background, and I don't remember it. I don't remember. So it looks like my phone's doing something. Am I sure what it's doing? It's not clear.

So maybe I'll find out through showing you a few things in Sony Vegas. But let's see, because you can barely hear it, so we gotta uh see what we can do about that okay so i've already split it like you know s the s button there i've already split the event and it's right there so now we have the event what are we going to do um the answer to that question is create a new a new audio track so we go insert audio track uh we go to here all we want to do is hear that so we got solo um but here's here's the area that we want and uh and this one oh actually before i do i'll undo the solo thing so you can hear what i'm talking about okay so where are you here i can't hear it i can't hear

i can hear little bits of it i can hear parts of it but i can't understand what it's saying and because i can only just understand parts of it um so so let's um let's first ungroup this because that's the audio clip that we want. So we press U for ungroup and then we go right click and copy and then we go down here and then we go control V so now we got that there and we'll make it solo like we were trying to do before and if you want to right click it and go to switches and go to normalize you can see that it's actually changed the peaks. It's done the maximum peaks to stay quality for how it was recorded, but that's not going to be good enough, I don't think, for us. Let's hear it.

You can skip it, see you're pressing that thing right there? Yeah, see you can put it where you want. Yeah, see that doesn't really help us all that much, but it does. It's the first thing you should do so you don't lose quality.

So here's over here, you got decibels, so we just upped that from 0 to 12. Now let's hear it. Okay, that's definitely better. We can hear it through 12 decibels from zero there But it's still not doing the trick. So let's right click and let's go audio event and then let's go

Track compressor here. Okay, and we got output gain 25 okay, it's gonna be loud, but I want to record it loud

So We're gonna watch this holding so be prepared for it to be loud and here before we start I want to tell you another trick I learned alright so you got this video preview window and it's laggy especially on slow computers but if you look there's a lot of different options here and I found that none of those options really matter the only thing that matters is the size here so I've changed it to best quarter so that way I'll get the best sometimes it goes fast sometimes it's good but some a lot of times it's not most of the time It's not really but the best quarter will give me the best frame rate out of all of those So this is the size and not the quality that really matters. I

Don't like that. I don't like how I can't I mean, I should just be able to view the video I'm not editing. I'm just viewing I'll edit after I view but here here's another important point you see I'm zooming in on my phone Okay, so I don't know is this a radio program or something did I have a radio program? It's like a circle with, see how much better my hands are at zooming than, you know, but look at this. I don't know. It is the best. Let's see if we can do, just for this part, let's see if we can go full.

What do we got here? I don't know. It's like 3-3. Let's look through the frames. Let's zoom in to the frames here.

Zoom, zoom, zoom, zoom, zoom. Okay. So we're coming in, we're coming in, we're coming in. See this is what I would use best. Don't play it like that. It won't work very well.

Okay, so I don't know, I don't know, there's like something in the corner there, and there's something down there, like something, you know, I don't know, I don't know, but let's, oh look, it's a face, it's a face, it looks like, oh, no, no, see there's a face there, I can see the face, I don't know what that, that's, I don't know what that is, I guess I'll have to re-watch this again and again anyway because this is part of my work so maybe I'll, I'll remember, but that's really weird and I hope you learned a little bit about Vegas. Oh, oh, wait, wait, let me, let me show you, you know at the end, at the end, I'm just going to do this I'll put you here, and zoom out and I'm just gonna go CTRL Z, CTRL Z, CTRL Z, CTRL Z, CTRL Z, CTRL Z, CTRL Z Control Z, Control Z, Control Z, oops, I did the wrong, I did one, one too, redo, okay, so, now I'm back to what I was doing before, but that was an interesting sub journey. I was watching a documentary on Mr. Rogers, and the other one was a bass too, how cool am I?

That's odd, I didn't do that.

Okay, so here's the next one, but we got all that still. So we've just selected that, we're going to go control X, so that's cut it out the frame. You can also go edit, remember that there's all these functions, it depends on what you want to use, it doesn't matter. So we go to the New Vegas that we have and we close out a crap that pops up and we control V right there and that's going to take a while to load up because it has to load the library too but we'll save it after that loads in.

The rubbish is still in here.

Homemade cheesy risotto.

Did I mention that I'm an awesome cook?

Impatient. Let's open source another song for Artemis.

I'm not sure if you've noticed, but I'm living through these years again. I hate dealing with MOV files because they crash everything. They're really annoying. But this camera right here does MOV files.

And that's the one we used to explain this camera that we're using right now. So it came as an MOV file, and we can see that it's huge, it's really huge, it's only 21 minutes. So what we've done is we're using this program, we use this program to merge our files, but we're using this program not to merge this time, but to convert. So if you see, I've got an MP4 here, and I don't know if it'll turn out like that, that thing's not very accurate, But it doesn't really matter because I've used really high-quality settings that are going to be put down anyway, converted down.

It's so slow because I've got this running too.

But what I'll show you is this right here. So once I finish that, I'll rename it. um and you can see see there's mp4 and it's uh it's going um but whoa so i'll just page down to or i can just uh function and then end see it's end right now and it puts me to the bottom and uh and then what i'll do is that that top one i'll rename it i think it's i think it's 79 or it might be i think it's 79 so i'll rename it 79 and then this file name so i'll rename it exactly C79. I think that's it. If it's not it, it'll be around there.

So I'll rename it, you know, that exact file name dot, which obviously dot mp4 but then we'll go back to top with home right there and see I don't even get any recovered. I tried. There's only two files that should have been recovered and one really didn't matter. The other one I couldn't get.

But yeah, so that MP4, I'll keep that filename, I'll just put the bottom filename in front of it so it'll appear right next to it. And then that way when I put it into this program right here and merge it with everything, then I'll just have to select it. I won't even have to think about it, it'll do it automatically.

New Start Allowance, Disability Pension, Advanced Payment. that happened last night by the people who were supposed to take out the trash I just threw that off the balcony. Unsell eleven dollars for four. Yay!

Yay! And it almost equals seven drinks and I'll teach you how to work that out right quick or at least the way that I learned how to do it pretty easily. Okay so I got four drinks here and there's one let's forget the seven so we got one that's four drinks Now let's look at the 7 and let's multiply that by 4. So 7, 14, 21, 28. So we got 2.8 drinks there extra. So we got 4 of these. So 4 plus 2.8, 4, 5, 6, 7 point, sorry, 6.8 drinks, almost 7. And that was worth it for $11. And hopefully I taught you a little bit of math.

Do make sure when you merge each episode that you really merge each episode and not like six episodes in a row. Let's create some music and let's not forget what we were doing. I think that's the glider actually that I was talking about before. I don't think the others are gliders.

But why am I doing all of this on the tablet? Sorry, on my netbook and not the tablet. And the reason for that is because my tablet has an SD card. It's a micro SD card and you can see it bang right there. And that's a FAT32. So the file format only supports up to 4 gigs.

and see I screwed up with this thing and made it like I think it's like seven hours or something like that so that's that's why I'm not using my tablet to do this otherwise I would paste and I had this in a long time I can always make food even better the second time after a long few days it's time to go to bed laying down closing my eyes and not being able to sleep is my life they just threw up everywhere and now they're trying to leave in their car that's not starting but as far as this SD card I have a 64k and this was the one that had the two files really only one that was not not replaceable but to be honest it I mean it was just the national anthem being sung in the park oh there they go there they go okay so throw up start your car rave your car really hard and then drive away that's how we do it in Australia all right but but so this has all been already been copy you can see so like 4418 4418 it's already there 852 852 you can see the 8 at least 852 so and that's on the desktop there they go bye bye hope you don't kill anybody. Okay so and that's the file that we made earlier but I've been keeping this SD card with not touching it because like I didn't delete all those because I was thinking about recovering it but I can get the national anthem any day I mean there's a there's a park over there a stadium right across the road so I'm sure there'll be another one that I can I can capture too so I don't really want to keep this anymore because I in this in this camera right here I put my my SD card from that and to be honest I might keep that one in there and put that one in there because this is one that's compatible with full HD so I don't know maybe I'll play around with it a little bit but these files are too big I mean I wouldn't be able to cope with full HD but it might be cool to grab it in full HD and then convert it with that program that I was showing you to like a lower format and maybe it'll end up with better results I don't know but everything's just Just plan it around until you get it how it works best for you. But as far as recovery software, most of my life I've accidentally deleted files and I would have to find software to try to recover it and 99% of the time I lose it. ultimately that's okay because eventually that is not going to oh I'll find some software because everything's getting better and eventually we'll make some software to make it all all easier once once we get some software with a good brand that has you know good people behind it then we can then it'll stay around and then other people make it and to be honest we'll probably make our our our software better about being able to recover this we'll get we'll make advanced recycle bins or whatever I don't know or we should we really should because you know I play around with something and I accidentally delete something I go I really need it we need to find a way to get that back and and the like especially shortly after you do it and you realize there should be some fail safe built in there and and because they're not there there's a problem and even though yes it's me the user that's stupid enough to to do something that will that causes a file to be deleted but to be honest that's also to do with the interface too. It's like the

interface with this thing if I split a file I mean I did it again if I split a file and then I press and then I go to delete the one that I don't want I have to pause it and if I forget to pause it then a lot of times it'll skip over to the next file and I'll end up deleting the next file and then which is the one I usually want, and then I have to delete that file too, and then I go, oh, I got neither of them, so I got to do it again, and sometimes, like with the stadium one, it's one that you can't just do again, and a lot of times there's ones that you can't do again, so it's like, oh, well, you lost it, but the good thing about my work is never one piece is too important because all of them are so important. So even if I do something really important, I never will. I set myself up on the internet for it and it never mattered. Why do you think I'm happy?

I flipped my situation from suicidal ideation for my entire life to this. Welcome to the new window.

Vulcan is his savior.

He made peace with Poseidon. Venus gives him hope, Hestia gives him comfort, Mercury gives him music, Bacchus gives him laughter, and wine.

I'm capturing a lot of sounds, by the way. I always notice what I capture.

Demeter gives him sustenance.

Now it's your turn.

Who gave me this?

Hephaestus gave me this entire table. But that's his Greek name.

Can you remember his Roman name?

I obtained these as a result of Mars. Can you remember his Greek name?

What about my main lady, Aphrodite? Can you remember her Roman name?

What about dear Diana? Can you remember her Greek name?

And what about you, dear girl? Can you remember all the names that I've been calling you over these productions? they're important. I live here thanks to Juno. Can you remember her Greek name?

Can you remember the Roman name for Dionysus? What about Hermes? What's Proserpine's Greek name? Here's some homework. What is Pan's Roman name? Don't

worry dear girl, most of the heavy content is done. That is if you watched everything else



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



07-1984-Book-15-XV-Life-on-Mars

Vegas fails time and time again need the power let's play which is brighter which is brighter let's connect the dots Hestia we know you all too well I need to act on the amphitheater of life what game am I going to play The dawn service was being held on the parade under the Australian War Memorial here in Canberra, where it's 5.30 and the sun has not yet risen.

Ladies and gentlemen, the party provided by Australia's Federation Guard is mounted at the Stone of Remembrance. The catapult party consists of a commander and four members. These members represent the Royal Australian Navy, the Australian Army and the Royal Australian Air Force. We assemble this way every year, symbolically close to the time for the first Anzacs young men from Australia and New Zealand landed on a Turkish beach during the First World War.

We gather to honour their bravery, their courage, their selfless comradeship and their sacrifice under the most awful conditions. These are the men who created for their homelands the the spirit of the ANZAC, a spirit that gives us pride in who we are and sets the standard for our defense forces today, a spirit that's being upheld in a number of conflicts around the world. Today, we remember the ANZACs of 1915 and all those who followed in their footsteps. We especially remember those who gave their lives, those who gave their good health, and For those who agree for them, ladies and gentlemen, will you please stand now and join in the singing of the hymn of Valiant House.

On this day, 98 years before, as Billigree made immortal the name of Anzac, and established an imperishable tradition of selfishness, service, of devotion to duty, and of fighting for all that is best in human relationships. We who are gathered here today in a storm vigil remember with gratitude the men and women who have given it and are still given in our armed and supporting services all that is theirs to give in order that the world may be a noble place in which to live. And with them, remember those left behind to bear the sorrow of their loss.

Let us therefore dedicate ourselves to taking up the burdens of the fallen, and with the same high courage and steadfastness with which they went into battle. Set our hands to the tasks they left unfinished. Let us dedicate ourselves to the service of the ideals for which they died. Let us, with God's help, give our utmost to make the world what they would have wished it to be, a better and happier place for all of its people, through whatever means are open to us.

Ladies and gentlemen, please stand now as Senior Chaplain Barry Yesboe leads us in prayer.

Please join me in prayer.

In the choir of this moment, let us draw close to Him who He is free.

Let us remember that He listens more to our hearts than our words, and that we are objects of His love. May the God of all grace so cleanse our hearts and all our minds, that we shall be open to His touch, before whom we bow in reverence and respect this morning. Prayer for our country, Lord God, bless our homeland Australia, grant that it may always be worthy of the great benefits you have bestowed upon it. May our service for our country be worthy of its true greatness, so that Australia may be able to take its place in preserving peace on earth and in protecting against violent and unjust aggression those who are who are unable to protect themselves.

For the Australian Defence Force.

Lord our God, we thank you for the service and sacrifice of all who have made possible the freedom we enjoy and the heritage we have been given.

We commend to you all who now serve in the Defence Force of our nation.

Shelter them when in danger and time of peace keep them from all evil.

For we in uniform, we pray that you will help us to persevere in loyalty and courage, and grant us to be worthy of those who have gone before us. And I invite you to pray with me what we commonly know as the Lord's Prayer.

Our Father, who art in heaven, hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come, thy will be done, on earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread, and forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those who trespass against us, and lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil. For yours is the kingdom, and the power, and the glory, for ever and ever. Amen.

I'm pleased to join in singing the hymn, Abide with me. The famous field was written by John who died.

Still bravely sings on sunset glory, loved and well-loved, the famous field with the To you, from failing hands, we throw the torch, be yours to hold it high. If you break faith with us who die, we shall not sleep, though pockets grow in Flanders' fields. The dawn service of press will now be delivered by Senior Chaplain Barry Yesberg. Quotes of a brief family in 1943 are saying, The pain the war caused is incalculable.

Today we are remembering the sacrifice of many through war. This sacrifice by the people of Australia in war may mean death, injury, dealing with the experience of war service or caring for those impacted by war. Those who survive the war and return to life in Australia can have physical, emotional, mental, moral or spiritual wounds, which must not be ignored. Families have to live with these veterans and their wounds, and it should be honoured as do those who go into war.

On 25 April 1915, Australian and New Zealand troops landed at Gallipoli and endeavoured to scale the cliffs above the beachhead to fight against Turkey's soldiers who were mounting in the defence of their country. While both groups were suffering the unimaginable horrors and trauma and injury that we remember this day at dawn, the Australian submarine A2, or the Silent Anzac, found itself behind enemy lines in the Dardanelles, and as they translated through that area, they had to dodge mines, which they could not see, because they did not have the technology that we have The 25th April being a Sunday, and with mines scraping down the sides of the boat as they tranted through the straits, the CO led the crew in prayer. Five days after transmitting the straits as the first Allied vessel to do so, the A-2 was attacked and badly damaged. The 32 crews scabbled her and became prisoners of war.

One of the crew members who survived this experience as a prisoner of war was from Fremantle in Western Australia. He arrived home in February 1919 after being released. His eyesight began to fail due to his wartime experiences before he finally went blind. Although disabled, he was the last of the 82 crew to die, and that was in 1983 at the age of 92.

He said, concerning that time as POWs, prisoners of war, then began a lie for us that I don't think if we had known what was ahead, that one of us would have left the boat. We were released three and a half years later, leaving four of a number behind. His Samaritan and his family sacrificed much because of his war experience. Can you imagine what his fellow Dwight must have gone through as he went blind?

I'm sure she had many hopes and dreams and goals when they were married. married and as he lost his future, these may have diminished as they had to adjust their lifestyle. Everyday Australians go off to war or into various operations and activities that enable the protection of our national interests. In our recent conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan, we have had 39 dying and many more wounded as we heard read this morning. And the overall

of Australians at war, we would find approximately 102,800 dying and approximately 225,800 wounded in some form. Each of these was or is a member of a family. Today as we pause to remember the events of nearly 100 years ago, let us remember those of the Indian Wars who have or who are still on active service somewhere in the world or on our borders. Today we should honour the sacrifice of the families of these veterans and serving personnel.

They often carry a burden of grief, care, worry for their loved ones that is not always appreciated. They will remember today, maybe here at Disney Memorial, maybe at other memorials and services and services across Australia, or indeed the world, and through media like this morning.

Jesus Christ, the example of sacrifice and of putting a life on the line in death and in life, is quoted in the Bible as saying words that are often quoted on Anzac Day.

This is my command. Love one another the way I love you. This is the very best way to life. Put your life on the line for your friends.

Let us remember today all who have put their lives on the line in war, and especially their families, who, like the 82 Veterans Family, and the family quoted in the sign in the Australian War Memorial, and many others have had their lives changed due to the loved one's war service. Let them be honoured and in our thoughts and prayers this day we will remember them. Ladies and gentlemen, would you please now stand for our final givens this morning. May God our health and patience pass, as we followed by the benediction and finally the national anthem.

Establish the good, hardy, support the weak, help the affected, honour every person, love and serve God. And may the blessing of God Almighty, the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit be upon you and remain with you always and particularly in this day. I just died. I always get everything just in time.

My hands are freezing. It's gonna die! It's gonna die! It's gonna die!

Recording on borrowed time. Drain that battery. It's already died once but it's still going. Still going.

This was my shelter my first night in Canberra. Battery's still going. this is how much I collected just from this morning from half smoked fresh just enough juice to get to our destination I am actually using this like that and they hold that in very well you see if this device was similar to that device we'd be talking a different story and there's gonna be a lot more where this came from it'd be awesome if we could get some sunglasses and in the left or be able to choose I would use the left eye on the left lens be able to have a display and then hook up like connect somehow so you could use your fingers so you could, you know, swipe, swipe up and down, close, you know, throw it away, motions like that. So ultimately people don't have to know that you're doing all this.

And eventually the technology is going to get really good. Like, you know, the sunglasses are going to have in-built cameras. So, you know, imagine like all the zooming that I do. How good is our human vision going to get as a result of technology?

And I mean that literally, metaphorically, and allegorically. The focus is on distance. I'll change it to auto. So it looks like it continued.

It does that. Connection restored. I've never had a problem with it before using the web interface. I have, using the app.

And lots of people complain about the app, just using the web interface. It seems to do the trick really well. It happens. See these things are going to be durable. It's a solid state disk. No moving parts. That's awesome.

This is the most comfortable setup that I've had so far. So what I got, I got the timeline here and i got the video window here and you can see that oops i put that over this main window um which this has all the tracks in it but i don't need those tracks right now i don't need to access them but i mean later on i can you know solo that or or whatever but but it's really easy just to move that window because i don't need to often i don't need to do that often so i just move that right there and then I use you know space here that will continue and so between enter and space so what I do it's really easy to see the audio timeline so I can know sort of if things are happening but I gotta be careful of that like I can't use that I gotta watch the whole thing because the videos a lot of times so I can stop there so I know that's good so I can keep that in but but a lot of times I do things without audio and I think that's probably one of the most fun things to do okay so you got some footage that you want the audio and video unlinked because you only want the audio or video all right you gotta select on it and you gotta press you for ungroup make sure that options off so don't have it like that have it like it'll go it's slow okay so then you go click on it and delete and you see it's gone so we can then put this in and then we can stretch it out there we go okay so now it goes from here but how would I rotate and stretch the frame I just cancelled my eye net and I don't get paid until Saturday and even when we try to do non nude shower scenes there still ends up bits that you shouldn't see until you're ready so when there's important stuff that happens how do you keep these bits in okay so here we have a segment those two are together and I'll show you why but there's stuff that just went on too long went on too long so I got this this little clip here that has stuff in in it that you shouldn't see so what I did was right here and you can see F right there so instead of displaying that whole screen it's just going to display that little area up there okay so this went between two scenes and yeah it just went on too long and we go to the other scene but if you if you can tell so so see it's coming here and this is fortunate because see i grabbed the camera so then i can kind of change it to whatever scene that i want and if it's close up you see that that goes back it didn't matter so so it was close up here like see both of these um did the same thing they were only split later on um so see it's close up here close up close up close up and then back further and it does just the opposite here so um so we got uh far away far away close up never mind i almost forgot that we were the ubermitch start listening mygame.pdf enter hide speech recognition page down page down end end page up page up close adobe desktop Downloads. Mygame.pdf. Enter. Show numbers. D. 54. Okay. Productions. Enter. Song of Wind.

Song of Wind. Enter. Reign of Phaeton. Enter. I missed you so much Diana. I love you. Be mine

queen claim your place on the throne awesome just what i was looking for dude homie homie come here homie homie okay how have you been have you been what have you been eating on is it good oh okay

d drive show numbers 46 okay productions productions uh close itunes Productions Close iTunes Tab Productions Enter Song of Wind Enter Episode 5 Day 1 Enter I don't trust you dude I feel like you're going to attack me or something I gave you heaps of bread I gave you heaps I gave you heaps of bread Look you got lots of crumbs Eat your crumbs dude you already bit me what else you want you just sang to diana you got up in that little tree up there and sang to her i'll sing to her tonight hide speech recognition switch to chrome show numbers seven okay my drive double click song of wind down down down Down, down, enter, show numbers, 82, okay, down, enter, double click episode 5, day 1.

This is my song for you tonight, Diana.

Speech is the main way people bond and learn from each other.

The way we speak affects the way we communicate with each other. on the telephone, in movies, and on the radio, television, and the internet, supported by the mouse and keyboard.

Speech is slowly becoming one of the primary ways we interact with computers.

The technology that allows us to control computers via speech is still very new, especially when you consider that the ultimate goal of speech recognition technology is to make talking to a computer as natural as talking to another human being. This requires the computer to both be able to understand human speech and to simulate human speech.

Understanding human speech is called speech recognition.

Understanding human speech is called speech recognition.

Very new. understanding human speech is called speech recognition simulating human speech is called text-to-speech conversion let's go home what a trip what memories have I just made over the past three years what era in my life have I just completed and what era in my life am I about to start crux how does one get an education. They left that open. This is where your culture belongs Australia. Not

to mention world. Tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick Oh! Over an entire lifetime, almost every single one of you discouraged me for all my dreams because apparently I have delusions but you know what it's actually you that has delusions for thinking that that a normal person is a a healthy person. I'm almost finished. I'm almost finished. I'm almost finished.

Woohoo! A lifetime's worth. Almost done. Yeah! Any of these guys spend all of their

conscious seconds trying to save the world? I will never forget. I wish I could capture the rainbow around the moon no i'm filming though that was a rough three years poor babies maybe you'll like this one yay what more could a man want to do

but then we will put away our work for our life mission okay just a quick one here if you cut off too much um and aren't happy with it uh so here's your timeline i've been doing that right there and i still got all that to go um so i still got quite a lot but i took off too much here you can see i cut it see i started see i zoomed out like that's not a good way to start a scene so if i just move it like that and then just get let's see where i can start the scene okay second back back yeah I stretched it so that's what we were doing this then I didn't stretch it if you stretch it you can do the same thing if you hold control and I'll stretch it but be careful because I'll take it out of sync I'm not I'll think that'll make it sound funny it'll change the audio it sounds cool so a lot of times when you do that I use it I've shown you before all right so now let's start again and make sure it's all right slides of the spectrum so we see transition see now we don't get that zoom in bit and we don't train very very hard so during recording we messed up on our dialogue and we need to fix the audio so if you can see there's this really short period here and if we go we You see it's out of the scene that I want.

Okay, so we've got to press S to split the event. And then we'll go S here. Okay, so you see that? Okay, that's what we want.

And then we have to ungroup them. So we have to ungroup every single one of them. So we'll press U for ungroup. and then we can delete that and then we got to do the same here so you ungroup delete okay so now we got just the the video so let's go here you see so now the video goes and it goes back so that's obviously not how we want it at the end so let's play around with this a bit I say you see there, listen to the sound, don't worry about the video but listen to the sound, sounds are right there, okay, we can even continue from here, so that's good, let's just copy like, let's just copy that, so, let's control C, and then control V, alright, overlaps it, that's good that's what we want okay now we gotta ungroup the video and then we gotta delete the video and then we got the audio streams here okay so now we just want to move that in there and and then we want to oh yeah yeah so so now we got see we got more because we stretched it that's easy all right see it'll click in right there and then you just drag this over and let's let's you see what we got now so I'll go from before the segment starts space I can't I can't even notice.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



07-1984-Book-16-XVI-Radio-of-Pandora

let me show you what this means yeah we haven't done anything on this since last night um but what we're going to check is remember that check media source thing we did that from a file that was merged so it wasn't the original so i'm going to try it again but on this computer and if it happens again it's all right i'll do it again um i want to make sure i get the right stuff So, if you see, okay, I'm in here, keep it in Slacky, that works. I'll use the arrow as the test. Okay, you see these are not, those are already compiled, but you see there's lots and lots and lots of files here.

You can see how far it goes down. I'm not going to keep doing that because it's lagging it. But I'll just see how big one is. Alt and Enter does that.

So, Alt, Enter, and you see it's 18.2 megs, that's right. so it won't take too long to do anything with but okay so now we have this is the what is detected so it's PAL standard IMS wide screen so what we were doing was a little bit wrong but but I think it was very very similar okay so that looks like we're good to go on that I think that's all good okay on this Acer spire you got you see I can't save it there it's not there's a problem so you know go to the desktop that Windows key and then D that'll force it go to the desktop so I can do this so the screen resolution okay and that you have to download a patch in order to be able to get the screen resolution but you Google enough and you'll find it but you can see how I can go out to that right there and I will just temporarily okay it's asking if I should keep changes so we'll see if we're smart oh respond respond okay we'll go apply and then okay we applied it we applied it before it changed and we just enter that is that right yeah so we managed to do it before it even it just went to it really quickly quickly and then it reverted okay so we got that set and we can double check it just by going to the properties here we need to remember before we render which I'll come back before we do that we need to change the render settings the mp4 to that as well and just make sure that it's all the same

Thank you so much.

Be prepared, it'll crash a lot and sometimes it might be able to recover it but we'll see.

So before we forget we will save it. But don't forget once you've rendered the final video file Wow, these VEG files are pretty much worthless. I choose my weapons well and eventually everything that comes into my possession gets its potential maximized. And we set up not only countless comfortable work environments, but also good places to film static shots.

And we utilize Vulcan's workbench for the things that don't function correctly within our lives. Ok, this is a Kindle and it has 3 weeks battery so I just charged it fully. It's been in my locker for ages. So the new ones of these actually have audio but this has a 3 week battery life and it's really easy to read and I use it to read but I prefer audiobooks and you can see that there's a lot there's this this has changed my life a lot like this has had so many different impacts in my life on my choices but we can see that there's a lot of a lot of books here and we can go to them If we go, Nietzsche on the genealogy of morality, it's been a while since I used it.

Yeah, here we go. Okay, so you see we can flip through the pages here. And, yeah. So, if you don't have any access to, if you're a reader, and you don't have any access to, like, your, your, really uber-mitch devices, this is still a really good one, because I can just go off somewhere with this, and it's so small, so easy to carry, and I've got books here, and I can still read them.

I still enjoy reading, but I read slow, I like to read slow, and that's the way that I read, because I like to think about it a lot. And if I don't want to read slow, then I'll just listen to audio formats. And we reflect not only on our productions, but also our notes over the years that we have kept. for one reason or another and most of them make us sad but we will always learn from our past this must be recycled and things that are looking for their home make their way to Vulcan's workbench okay so we're coming to the end here oh it just okay so waiting for it okay we just want to test it we want to make sure it did do widescreen like last one didn't yeah okay all right we go it looks good it looks good okay so we gotta watch it later okay we gotta watch that later but that looks good so I'll just just close that okay so now what we gotta do is we gotta import media and we need two things. See, now we can delete that file. Let's do that because that's big. It's

on our other computer and we're going to put it on that big hard drive soon. What are you doing? Oh, it's huge. That's why. It's six gigs. I shouldn't have done it through this

thing because it's trying to load it. Just click it. We'll get this keyboard out because we want that room because we only got a little bit of room to deal with and there we go just go delete so yeah see look at that look at that I'll show you how much room we're dealing with because a lot of them are apps and I want the apps to run good and they'll run good on on that so let's just go to our SD card and you see these two right here these to our next project so we got that one doing a project and we're still working on that but now we want to import and you know how that can take a while so there's the two so we got these two and that's going to be one episode because they're not all that long so we then go open alright so we got this project media folder we closed it a while You can't pin it anywhere else. I like it.

I like it slim. We can always open it using the view window later. Oops. Eventually I'll get the view window.

Yeah, see project media. So you can always unselect that and select it. But we'll select this and we'll drag it in. Okay.

And you see we got all these channels. We don't need those. We can get rid of this. I'll show you once it builds the peaks, which we're just doing it now, how those channels, we've got to get rid of a few.

I think I've showed you one other time, but it's important to do that because it screws up. If you don't do that, if you render it using 5.1 and not stereo, or if you're trying to go down to stereo from something that's higher than stereo, which this camera is Dolby 2.0, which I just use stereo because stereo is fine. I like combining. I mean, you can work with what I combine.

I'm not giving you with what I have. I'm giving you what I combine. You can do whatever you want with that, with the noises and the sounds and stuff.

But I've rendered, like, tons of things. Like, when I first was using Vegas, learning it, um i tried to do all my stuff in 5.1 and uh and it didn't like it so like i would spend a day rendering and then the audio would cut out at some weird time and then i'd spend another day rendering and it'd do it again and i'd just keep doing that and i had to watch it and watch it and spend you know a week on a week or two on one production and eventually i found out that uh that I gotta make sure that here I'll show you which I've showed you the oops cancel I've showed you these properties before but now let's look at the audio side so if you click audio yeah see I was doing it at 5.1 there and the audio is doing weird things and I didn't like it so I just said stereo is fine so I don't have to give you multiple channels it doesn't matter and that's what I use because that's what my camera is and I used 256 but I mean that's not part of this so we'll just make sure that starts all new projects like that. Oh I didn't change anything so it doesn't really matter but uh yeah you gotta get used to these few screens and see that's the project property so as long as you guys start all new projects it's always gonna come back to that so if you you can forget about really once you have learned what you need there but but you need to change that whenever you use a different camera so make sure you realize what camera you're using all right so it's built one of the peaks and it's doing two it's doing the second one but you can see that right there and that's what it's gonna look like on each one so those two are gonna peak at exactly that which is nothing because it's not there but it'll have those two channels so that means that these two channels see when you render it I used to not even care about these I didn't know what I doing I didn't understand how they were all working together I was trying to I mean it sort of did but so like I thought if it had nothing on it then it didn't matter but but it'll confuse it so you just right click it and delete track and and see if we've deleted the one track and now there's gonna be another one let me just delete track and it'll all work faster now that you've done that too so make sure you work with clean working environment if you want to put layers on top of that like if you want put text with the video and stuff like that you'll have to make a new layer there and you have to put that over and then make sure you put transparent after the text or if you to combine videos or anything like that. Boom. But please remember dear girl to always save your

progress. Just download it all. Do that. I'll find you a different way dear Galatia. This isn't

healthy and we avoid things that aren't healthy. Let's only use services where people treat each other with respect let us both set the standard for what respect is okay so now that we've done it we have to copy these settings into our render under settings so there's the pixel aspect ratio which is I think the only thing that we're that's different 720 by 576 that's the project properties we know that so we go render as and I want to put it on the desktop because I'm going to use it straight after I'll put it straight to the thing to the other computer so this is 1.4568 that's what it's using yeah it's the same one okay we just had to double check that save that and make sure the audio yeah see that that's what we use for the audio that's what I use that's what my camera has so that's the that's everything that I use for this particular camera that I'm holding in my left hand and we just do it there all right so we before we forget we want to make sure we rename this file right here did it I'm just not I just gotta be patient always gotta be patient okay so we're working with episode 3 instead of episode 2. I thought that was the case, but there's some footage that I didn't think was very significant at first, but then I overlooked my own work. I had to go back, and I had to find the deeper meaning.

I do that. I create puzzles for myself in the future. This is my game.

Next on the conveyor belt.

Bang. I know there's some footage on this that I don't want. so it's going to be another short one just like number two but they are what they need to be then we gotta watch all of them that we have so far one minor error do it again that's life it's all good how do people put up with me i'm such an asshole so keep it neat make sure you clean up after yourself and we got one more to do after this we have the next one one very big day we have a little bit that we need to edit as well but that's just the process and even though it takes a long time that's the that's the job we've chosen we didn't really choose it to be honest we still got another one on one very big day and I haven't watched episode 4 yet take last frame copy paste hold control and will be cheeky it's time let's play you're gonna be in a production how do you feel how do you feel you're gonna be in a production you're speechless you're speechless okay well you're gonna be in 1984 so I hope you like that please don't call me again you're a stalker and I don't talk with stalkers so bye let's make a song open source in shaping the outcomes from electronic gameplay is a challenge of increasing consequence undoubtedly many theoretical perspectives can add to our Understanding of Presence and Electronic Game Enjoyment Clearroom and Vorderer, 2003 Still, the need for additional theories and models that can address the dual roles of witness and participant unique to interactive forms of entertainment research is Aper and Heer Vorderer, 2000 This section examines how presence can affect the use and enjoyment of games as well as the development of mental models influencing intended and unintended effects of game exposure we connect dots dear ivory that's what we do i'm saying connecting dots how does one find their reflection how does one extract the content from the mirror



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



07-1984-Book-17-XVII-Lungs-of-Terpsichore

Okay, I'm not 100% sure if this is done, but see this video window doesn't give the best quality, I think it's done, I think it's all done, but there might be a few more edits, but the way I do it is I render it, and that might take a while, but it's worth it because I get the quality format and then I can go through it. A lot of times the first time I render it that's all good so it ends up being the final copy but often times too I find problems with it so I have to put but instead of having all these segments see all these segments instead of doing all these segments then I end up with just the whole thing and I don't even need this project anymore I can just edit that file and I gotta show you how to do that now so we'll go to file and we'll go to there's a few things that we want to do this is you should make sure before you even start the project you should do this but uh okay so this is the settings that I'm using right now um but there's other ways to get these settings and I'll show you I've been learning like when I learn new things they're better see this right here there's button here it's get media information and uh if you load your your file so let's open that and you see it's it's detected what it is and it's actually different than what was just there um it was just good that like i didn't know i don't know what the difference is but at least now we're using the same that that was the same but this this is a bit different um so we got to have that set and this will also improve the the preview speed doing this will improve the preview speed of it but you see down here it says start all new projects with these settings i mean if you're using them that's if that's your main camera then do that so that way you don't have to worry about this anymore um so we've done that so now see i learned about that on my other computer so that's why i got had had the ability to show you on this one but if we just go to file and then render as okay so this is what we need to use or this is what I use I've used a lot of things and mp4 seems to be the best thing to I'm not even sure if that's episode 2 it might be episode 3 but we'll find that out later we could easily rename a file and these are the audio settings and the BSAs will take this render loop region only have that ticked if you like select a little bit of an area and you want to save it like so i did that um i'll show you okay so i put that the reason why that was ticked is because see i got a card here and i i video recorded this card um of this guy who gives swags um so that's the card and i just wanted the image so i could get that email address um and he he gives swags and i used one of his swags for a long time um so and he he wanted you know uh feedback on it um to give so he could get more of them for people that needed them so i'm gonna give him feedback on them but it's been a while um he he knew that the uh okay and this this seems to work best like when it's like this because then i can have the video there And to be honest, this keyboard right here, I like this keyboard better than the other one. It's smaller. To be honest, I like small keyboards.

I can move between them very easily. And it works better for me. But let's do that again. So render as.

So I'll show you all these settings. So make sure that it's unticked unless you need it. I don't like to save project markers. I think once it's done it should be finished.

But what we do is there's a custom button and these are the settings that we're sitting on. This is what I used but if we see pixel aspect ratio maybe we should do it differently. go to properties so pixel aspect ratio 1.4222 1.4222 if we can remember that is there anything else that 1.4222 1.4222 okay one point see that's not right so easy fix 1.4222 and there's You can see a save button there because I'm not going to change that anymore, at least for that camera that's good. So we got a Sony one there, the template's Sony, and this is the stereo.

It has dual channels but stereo is fine, I like using that, combining it all at the end. AAC is the audio Kodak, we're using 256 and 48 and the video is 25 frames per second. Um, which, ours is like, it's coming up 24.9 something, um, but that's, that's cool, because that's PAL standard, um, pixel aspects ratio is good, okay, this is what I used, remember this, um, this is what I have found to be good, because I can do the files, you know, they're not small, but they're, they're, they're still big files, but between 2 million and four million um as the bit rate is what i find to be best that way you get good quality and and i'm not i don't provide hd or anything like that but i don't need to because all of my productions um speak for themselves all right so we got all that and um if you just look at things and if you're really confused about if you google them um that's fine but I'm giving you you know most of what you need here make sure your camera can support that like that's what my camera does is all dependent on your camera okay so we already saved that project we want to go okay take render loop region and save file path and I want to save it on I don't think do I have room it doesn't matter I'm just gonna put on my SD card because it's slow anyway it's gonna take ages to do it so productions song of wind okay so here's the first one which that one's gonna be uploaded soon really soon so that's sort of the file size we're looking at for an hour and a half long production but let's so save that and I'm telling you this can take a while I thought it was like double the speed as my netbook but it might only be like a quarter faster or something um so that's what that's how we do it and uh that's gonna take probably to be honest that's like almost two hours like an hour or 45 minutes um so i bet you that'll be like 10 or 11 hours uh but you see what i can do i mean i can still use this so now i'm just gonna minimize that and you see now i can come back to this and and if the power is ever going low um see if you just come over here and just go settings and if you go power and then sleep right there um this thing will just pause so that's fine just sleep it so um your power getting low you want it to continue don't you don't want to have to do this again if you can avoid it so getting low just sleep it and then when you wake up this will continue you're starting to learn Vegas it's pretty good imagine when you can connect them with sunglasses what about connect devices what about when I figure out how to talk to it hey you hey you do stuff for me I don't want to do stuff so you do it for me listen to my voice convert it to text open a program close a program open three programs do random stuff like I do just because you can video in video out video in video out video in video out now that's where should one be who can do anything that they want to do anywhere that they go I'll tell you where they should be wherever this takes them how would you create sustainable online jobs for people to show other people how to utilize technology. Bang!

But while we wait for Sony Vegas to render, we can get the sorts of things that we need help with as well as setting up a directory here Here that me and my friend can share so that I can get big productions uploaded easily and while I do that I can also study what I've done just before so I can have that here and still use all of this. go down and I can stretch this here I could I can watch that while looking at how all these are doing but in what I'm doing on these you see so whatever I'm doing on those and I can easily swap to them and see that will then come into a little box there and I can continue it And that's what I'll do. Okay, so we had to restart the render on that because when we woke up this morning, it was working, but the whole computer was running really slow. It was only like 24% done.

It wasn't worth me not being able to use that for the computer. So I had just rebooted and I'm redoing it. But that's okay because we got more stuff to do. So this is for 1984.

what we're doing now and I gotta go through it now so the best way to go through it is to see all these files if you look there are lots, so 1984 so far we got 48.2 gigs so we got a big production here but we can make that smaller because we find things like this, here's the first one Was that pretty? Was that cool? Was it? It's huge. Okay, we'll keep it. We'll keep it because it's pretty cool. But that starts it with Minerva. And then here we got, we know what this is already because we want that.

how much we want that looks like we want the whole thing but i'll come back when i show you one i don't want and because all we do is delete it but it'd be easy i'll show you okay so of course we find one very quickly and uh it might be more than one we'll see okay okay so we see that it wasn't bad but let's see what we got after that so that's 86 you remember 86 because we probably won't want that as luck right when we go to the next one wait wait wait wait wait sorry 85 okay

that's what we did 85 we did 85 over okay so we got character versus hero there um and the hero has more meaning in it too so we delete 85 and we make sure 84 didn't have a go 8-4 is just the bird and we catch a pretty cool watch it sing very cool very cool all right so we got rid of the one we didn't want we got 8-6 there which says birth of hero okay we got the broken bicycle thing we got me and then we gotta make sure 87 yeah we're good so that's another scene um so we just deleted that so basically we're going to go through every single one of those like that and then we're going to use i'll show you hold on we're going to use this program right here to merge the files into one and uh and we get when we get one we can then throw it into vegas and then work on it so what we do is we'll put it on the sd card for this and and then get it working that way don't forget to use your tools so we got our netbook here and uh we have the server there which we don't really need now because we're not uploading but we've got cupid here um

oh remember that you don't have a touch screen on your netbook and you have to connect to it manually okay so we can bring this around with us and and we can know what's going on with the tablet you see you got two percent and and we can control it and do anything with it it's just the tablet is there we do this vice versa too but I prefer to have a computer that's you know not so laggy um you know i thought of doing rendering on this but i don't know i i there's something about i love that i can just bring that anywhere and nothing's going to happen to it it's just going to keep rendering in and i'll probably do all second edits and stuff like that on this um but all first edits will be on my tablet this one's going to take a long time but the original file size is like six gigabytes and that's why i'm doing it because it's taking up a lot of space on this drive and I can't put it on the SD card because 6GB is too much for an SD card and it's slowing down the whole machine but you get that every once in a while. The rest of them won't be this bad, the rest of them will be a lot easier. Actually the rest, most of them will but I might have to do this every once in a while. This thing is too slow but I'm getting it because I really want it, I like it, but it crashes it a little bit.

All this stuff is so new. These bugs that I'm finding and these things that I'm finding that aren't making it a good experience, they'll be fixed soon. So, I hope you enjoy the revolution.

I'll be singing, yeah. I get knocked down, but I get up again, you're never going to keep me down. I get knocked down, but I get up again. You never gonna keep me down.

I get knocked down, but I get up again. You never gonna keep me down. I get knocked down, but I get up again. You never gonna keep me down.

Pissing the night away. Pissing the night. We'll be singing. When we're winning, we'll be singing.

I get knocked down. Must be your skin. Fight again. How do I gain feats in this game?

First person. Third person. First person. Third person.

Panning camera. Get used to the controls. It's for the rest of your life. Strafe right.

Strafe left. Forward. Camera change. Jump, jump, jump.

Jump, strafe left. Jump, jump, jump. Let's go forward, forward, W, W, hold it. What can we do to raise our stats?

What can we do to raise our special? What can we do to increase our bat to you? You know what? How are we to scout ahead?

W, radio, classical techno, third person.

First person, what game is he playing? Maybe gain some more skills and magic. How do you soldier?

They might act like they legislate, but people like me are the true legislators Let's dance on the theater of life Dear Galatia Never forget our roots. I just want you to know who I am who is the pro and i don't want to see because i don't think that they understand scrounging skills

we find our destination to loot bleep bleep we have attained hestia stockings

armor with plus two red pills a much needed lighter that we forgot should i put it in my pocket another bag our favorite pen oh almost missed this a replacement drink bottle a prize coffee mug now let's see if we're in time to scavenge some food for dinner are you fit enough for this game it's real life neat that's my job that's our job now that we have eaten it is time to celebrate our divine ruler we have survived another day of the fallout let's go home okay the loading screens done we're ready oh cool thank you mercury you're my best friend camera people should use them if they need them they're out there you just gotta find them and there's some that are good and there's some that aren't find the good ones if you need them who do you think is going to win this is about to lose its virginity to look at render full screen what we do wrong why did I do that all right these settings didn't work for some reason they got me full screen but I know that my other ones my other one does so I'm gonna just go back to that if it'll let me what was it here we go so this one right here this one worked fine so we'll do that and then we'll do it again with a render as once see the custom okay we got here so we changed that too but what was it the other one so you gotta play around eventually you'll find out what's good okay so that's 1.4568 so you can see it right and 1.4568 let's remember that one point four five six eight custom four five six eight all right let me save it okay and the frame size should be good should be good try again let's override it yeah that was pointless now another 17 hours and go away now that's my life so that one over there is actually number three and I have number two right here and we got that much that much footage of it good a lot but I'm not sure how much I'm going to use I just got a lot of stuff like that too but a lot of it's really good so I'll see how much like this I'll see how much we put in so I'll do this in Vegas right now so that way once I finish out I probably won't finish it till tomorrow but then that way this won't be going and by the time this one's going I'll be able to edit in this one so I can just swap between editing this one and this one so this is doing episode this would be doing episode two episode three is done I I want to see the final though. Alright, so see the robbed one we integrated into the first one, so the third one there is going to be the second one. And you see it's quite a big guy, so what you got to do is you got to take him and you got to drag him into this window right here. And you got to hold it, look, look, see it's lagging, it's like what are you doing, but Make sure you just hold your finger, hold your finger, otherwise you'll screw it up.

And it's a big file, it's like, whoa, man. Another way you can do it is you can click that little music note looking button, the radio button there.

Yeah, you can, the folder one, and then import it. And it will do the same thing right when you click it, it will take ages, see how it came up there? Okay, so now I can let go of the button, let go of the button, and now it came up. Okay, so now you see it's not doing anything yet because it's not, sometimes it does it straight away, but other times, we'll just drag it on the timeline, and see now it's going to go through and build the peaks for it. The audio peaks. I guess it's the whole

thing. That's going to take a while and I guess we can find something else to do. There's so much to do. Look at all this technology. Okay, so it just popped on. It's only gone

through a little bit and you see I wouldn't start working on it yet wait for this to finish because what happens is it lags and then wants to crash just wait for that to finish



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



07-1984-Book-18-XVIII-Pumayyaton-of-Scheria

Almost there. This was useless. How nice of them to share their music with us.

Don't need a lie. Hail Apollo. We have finally reached the light of day. But we don't have time to play that game anymore.

Okay, let's make a cool scene to see the potential of open source footage. So this is what we got. So what we'll do is we'll copy that footage first because I want to keep the original so you can do it too. So we'll split it.

We'll split it right there. Why is it not splitting? S is split. So we'll get the right scene.

So see I can move between here, so get it right before, yeah, there we go, okay. the space that stops it, enter pauses it, so I'll show you, so I press space, and look what the line goes, so if I press space again, then it'll go back, see it goes back to the original spot, but if I press enter, then I'll have to come back to it, but I want to show you this so press enter and I'll press it again and you'll see look where the the progress indicator is and see it just moved so that means I wanted I can keep that spot I know it's good but we'll go back to get the right spot so we can get some cool footage okay so right here is good so s you see it just split okay so then let's go over over over so let's do each one we'll take this footage take that footage take all that take that take that over so over over over over over okay so oh no no no okay we don't want that so we'll take that okay so we then go s again and you see we got segment and I want to keep the original so I gotta move you see this right here that that blue and green button that right there that will move things and that will hold everything behind it but I guess it doesn't matter because I don't have anything I haven't edited behind that right now but if I only wanted to move one piece then I would use that button I think we'll have to do it but I'm gonna try to copy that now I think I got the wrong one make sure you get the right one still getting used to this uh touch and so copy oopsie not paste uh hitting the keyboard too all right so i just copied it so just paste it anywhere paste at the top no that was the wrong one all right so i'm gonna copy this oops to cut copy paste all right so we got the little segment so we can go press space and get this little segment and if you see we got twice so we'll just move that this segment um oops i don't want to do that oh we can stretch it we'll do that that'll be cool um so we'll stretch it and okay oh no that's not stretching it okay undo that that's um going through the video i'll show you how to stretch it we'll we'll do that we'll do next so just undo so you undo and this is really how you got a video edit like okay that didn't work play around with it didn't do what I wanted to do undo and I could use the keyboard to do that this too so I still want to undo so you know I can press ctrl and then Z but that just removed the track to cancel so I want to redo okay so we got now two segments I gotta move see okay here this is you can zoom in and out of the timeline using this button right here see that's zooming out so everything gets smaller so I can see see I can quickly see the whole timeline just by it out and then and you see where the cursor is here or where the indicator is don't know what you call it and then I go like in like that so now I can see you know that's a very small segment right there and I can select it and then drag it I can see it a lot better and now back you see yeah make sure you don't do that but you see this thing up here press that so it's unselected okay so now when I move this see it's not moving anything behind it look at everything behind okay but if I select this thing this is important I mean it's not for this exercise but for everything else like so now oops so now you see how everything behind it moves very it can be very very handy but you really use both and it doesn't matter if there's nothing else behind it all right so now we got this segment it's in here and actually I'll move that back and I'll stretch so I think this is how we stretch press control and then I'm trying to remember how to stretch press control and what is it doing that well let's take control off we got this segment anyway we'll play around with it so we can go here and we can right click it and we can go a video event FX we'll come back and figure out how to stretch it in a sec I'm used to using a keyboard so now this the software is kind of built into me what should we use let's first use a we'll use a film effect. So we just put a film effect in. So we got this little pop up now here and let's make it so we can see the preview over there. Let's make it kind of grainy. I don't see that's too much. So back off a bit. Back off a lot more than that. Let's make it a little bit grainy. A little bit of grain. A little bit of grain. A little tent. What's the tent look like?

I think we should have a little bit of tint, alright hold on, then add a mouse because it's easier, but eventually I'll work it out, I'll get better, pan crop, but actually hold on we'll wait till, so now we get here and we'll make another segment, actually we want to stretch it first, I think the way we do that is we got a control, if this is right, Yeah, yeah, yeah. See how we're stretching it now? So control's held, and now we're stretching it. So we're just making it long.

And you know what? I want to make that kind of dark, too. So we've got to figure another effect to get some darkness in it. What should we?

How about we go to a color corrector? And oops, did it again. Color corrector add. Okay, so let's just play around with it.

I like the purple.

I like the purple again, but okay. I'm not going to use that. See, you just take it off. It's gone now.

But, see, you can play around with all these different ones. And if we just go, like, I want to add that. I want to play around with the rays. And I want to play around with, I think it's contrast.

Yeah, here we go. Brightness and contrast. So now I've got brightness and contrast. And we'll do that one first.

What, a raise, we gotta take that off. Okay, we gotta do a raise later. But the brightness, we'll turn down. The contrast, we'll turn up.

Okay, so here, so we've done that. So let's look at what we got now. So we go from here, grainy kinda, And then we're going, color's changing. All right, yeah, we come back to it.

And then we get the blue in here. Okay, okay, let's, here, let's change this scene from here on out. So then we gotta set, okay, so this keeps all the settings. But let's change the video, so make the, make it do something weird again.

Oh yeah, here, we can use the rays now. and we don't want the rays to be anything like that.

So, we'll make the amount lots less. There it is, but we gotta just make it less. Boost, okay, peak. Okay, so now let's, we've played around with that to make something different.

Actually, we'll get, we'll do one more thing.

Where's the color thing? just here uh yeah to be honest it's probably pretty good actually i'll get it color we'll do something with the color we'll change the color um maybe we'll do an invert here we go do an invert what's it what's that gonna be like okay invert blend them out look at the difference there okay and then we're going to go to uh see you can do things with the audio too we'll do something with the audio we'll go pan crop so now we're here and we want to be here so we want to make all that big and the thing is see we didn't have the balloon flying out because we followed it up so we're just going to make it flying out of the scene so we'll get to see it flying out so put like right there and I hope we will find out in a sec okay so we go here space no no okay so we gotta change that that's okay um maybe we could even just change it here why don't we do another segment and then we have this and keep left in the audio and then we go video event effect oh wait wait no video pan crop okay so

let's put it there and let oh is that right yeah okay so almost almost okay actually i'll undo that because i wanted to emphasize the balloon more falling out so i mean we'll do that with the whole scene here we go we'll go video pan crop here we go yeah here but let's make that bigger

so we got a balloon there that should do it that should do it yeah oh oh it came back oh that's uh so it comes back we want to go to where it comes back here so it hasn't come back there and then we just delete so um now we wanted to here we'll do something with the audio uh audio event um oh let's uh give it some some reverb add some reverb make it a chorus so we got this chorus big room then we press space there and we go oops undo that see sometimes you do stuff you don't mean to I was doing again what's behind here there's something behind here oh that's the thing we copied I think okay so what what happened there and this is where this thing that was showing you it comes in this uh this thing up there but okay so oh we're holding control still are we no no no undo no no no that's just because it's there it's in the background what happened undo okay so this is where zooming out comes in so let's zoom out all the way let's get click that thing up there so we can move the whole thing what happened here so we got two of the same copy all right so it looks like we messed up and made two of the same copy which is easy then we just delete and so now let's zoom back in where we were and see what happened here to see we got an overlap there or that's not an overlap is it we'll find out okay no we're good that's a stretch so that's that's where we stretched it so then we come back to it and we have actually actually I'll show you so we got a try good half and let's take that away let's flip this area so this is how most of my time on Vegas is spent since most of my cuts and everything don't need editing because I do I think about everything before I do them so it's just you know finding a spot so there's a spot we're at a spot we remember the time around the time you know around the 45 minute mark we play it so space but you see if I press space again it'll go back to that same mark that I was just at but so that's good to know about but this enter button is what we need to remember okay if you notice you'll you'll notice soon this little window starts to lag and you You noticed it just cycled so at the very end it'll go around and it'll start at the beginning. So this enter button, because this program is not all that stable you gotta take it step by step. Make sure you save all the time too so enter. So now we're at the same place where we were before.

So this is how we're going through the video. We're going through the whole video like this. Make sure you save. Can't save like that.

I was trying something. Okay, so I'll save and so make sure you save enter

So we don't really have to listen to all this we know it's all good because I've produced it before

So we go down to We can zoom out so we can go quicker And see we're zooming through it zoom through it zoom out so we can go quicker zooming through it zooming through it if this is your first time going through it watch the whole thing make sure it's good but I mean scenes like that you know they're good because you wanted the whole thing exactly how it was so you see it right there I just got it to another scene all right so I'll show you the way you really should or the way I've learned to do it we went right too far all right here we go so come back here okay so I roll oh yeah wait wait okay I press space I went back to that spot okay so okay yep I think I got it exactly on the mark okay you see there or close to it so now I can scroll through to get the spot where it changes I see change scenes back back okay there's the last scene of that one there's the first scene of that one if I So I needed, if this first part wasn't good, if I wanted to get rid of it, then I could just press S there, but we'll see if it's any good.

Most of this footage is good. Most of all my footage is good.

So was that really worth it? Like, I don't think that was worth it. So this is good, you get to see it. So I pressed space again to stop.

So if I pressed enter, it would move to where I was, but we don't want to do that, so we pressed there. And you see the last scene of that one is a black screen, which is good. that means we did it right and uh and then we'll play again and we'll press enter when we want to stop it was that right we're back there we got all right so here oh my shirt all right that's fine all right so we'll get stopped on the beetles but we don't need the beetles they're old school I'm new school so then we go here and we delete that so now we've deleted it it's automatically gone over remember that button if you want to move around things everything behind this will move this moves everything before so I'll show you what it's like with another segment so we got this segment right here and you see because of that button over there see it moves all these ones behind um even though there's a lot there uh so it does that with everything and then i'll show you the difference between um so we untick that button if it'll there so it's unticked now and if you notice yeah see it's going between so that'll combine the two videos um so that's when I want to drag like one okay so that's that's pretty much what's involved for most of it so we'll look at this thing and then we'll do the same thing you know on this thing and then we'll keep on doing that every single thing but the I've started doing a new practice where I look through every single video before I do this so my camera has a lot of videos and before I merge it I'll look through every video because and then if I don't like the video I'll just say cut cut this out at the end and then stop it and then I'll know I'll be able to skip to the end and know if I want to cut it out so all these little things that I mix up in my productions to make it easier for me will ultimately save me a lot of time because I could just go through each video file and then go to the very end and see if I say cut. I haven't been able to do that yet because I can't remember to, I just go whatever, you know, but if I can just remember to do that at the end, I can know if the video is good as it is or not.

Or I could even at the end go edit and then that way I know to edit and things like that And then merge it with the program that I was using. And I'll show you a lot of my list of my programs that I use.

These are the sort of things that I use.

So Text Cloud, that'll help you learn. That'll really help you learn. There's where you merge the files. And that's what we're using right now.

I'm going to break its virginity. So I'll just show you when you gotta do work, so we'll split the event here because that's the end of that scene and then we'll play it, okay, yep we got a cigarette, we're still doing it, oh we got a little bit more, it's not in the camera view, gotta fix it, oh it's in the camera view now, okay, okay, we know we don't want that so far because I remember that and you'll remember that too like when you do it so do that oh oh it's gone it's out what happened oh oh oh okay so now we get it set up okay so we got it set up now so i press enter um and now we just see what it doesn't matter what you start you can start with space or enter but when you stop that's what matters so this is the good one i think see if i press it enter now Actually, I'll show you. I'll wait till you finish. I think maybe I messed up again We do a lot of stuff. All right, so let's just start there

Okay, so now you can see cigarettes. So I press the enter That means we'll we'll split it, but we got to make sure that's right because we thought We thought last time it was right, but it wasn't See if we press space it would go back to where we had our our indicator before. Make people wait, you know, if they want to get a message, let them actually see the message. If they don't have ears to listen, then it doesn't matter. They're

not your target audience. So if I press space now, I'll go back to that place where I split the event last time. So I want to find, I think that, I don't think we need to do anything because we've got to see if it's a smooth transition at the end. Hopefully it'll be a smooth transition, and then we don't have to do anything except delete that other bit that we have.

Okay, so look where we are.

So get ready, press enter.

Okay, so I got just the last part of it, so let's go back, back, back, back.

I don't need to do anything because it was good. It was good. Just let's remember the 110 mark. That's where we need to be.

i just need to go back now so we'll just go boop boop boop boop and we'll go back to here oops

oh i think i forgot to yeah we didn't split the event that's okay we can split the event

right here where is that yeah split it right here it's the s so we got this crap right here that we just want to get rid of so we just go and this is the moment delete you got rid of that crap okay we have a smooth transition from the other so then we go bang actually let's go in let's make it quicker for us let's go here right here smooth transition there you didn't have to do any editing there okay it starts um so here here let's learn how to watch see i can watch really quickly now we watching really quickly okay let's zoom out you know i want to watch even quicker let's zoom out and let's go boom what happened there oh i went way too i went way too quick but it doesn't matter because i can do a quick back once it here when you have this better then we'll turn this to good it doesn't work all the time it's it's a slow computer i mean you're pushing this hardware really hard oh yeah okay so let's make sure that went smoothly okay let's play that So we got transition from there, oh it's not even a transition, it's actually live, it's hard to tell sometimes, that's good. It's better when you get things that are live, multiple things that are live, and one shows character. Yep, see there's smooth transition to that, gotta make sure I want that, do I want that, looks pretty, looks pretty. this you'll if you do you want this moment for the rest of your life i do i want that moment for the rest of my life that's why i recorded it uh it's so crappy the sometimes you turn on draft you see i turn it to draft see it's crappier quality now but it's running smoother but you gotta always play around with that thing because it'll then lag again see it'll change it'll change back to something else um but yeah so that's that's a good transition good transition right there Do I want, is this, okay, look, watch this, watch this, okay, so, so see, look, I ran back, I ran back, okay, see, you can put your finger there, I was around there, so, so, because I thought I could get a, I saw a better shot that I could do, so, let's take that out, do it, want to zoom in, you want to zoom in so you can get the right frame, because you want to give people real footage, so, see, here's the last frame, split it there, okay, racing in. Let's watch. I zoomed in on the trolley. But I was like, oh, I want to zoom

in a different way on the trolley. Did I get it? Did I get it? No, no. See, I'm running

back. There's a heart there. Was that a heart? Was that a heart? You got to look out for

that. No heart. No heart. But it's close. It's close. There's hearts everywhere. Oh,

Wait, there was a heart. Okay, so I got a heart there. So I want that. I want that footage.

I wouldn't normally. And I got my foot in there. So I split that. So then I'll delete that.

And we will come back. Wait, where are we from? Yeah, from that. Transition from that.

And then we're running. We passed the heart. Wait, wait, let me just make sure. Hold on.

You can click there. Oh, it's so fast. It's so fast, your eyes gotta be quick for it. But see, you've got to find messages like that.

See, I didn't know that happened, but it did. And now I always know it. And then I got that. And then I show, you know, what we're doing.

What we're doing.

And then I got to zoom in on a road. Still the same shot. Pretty good.

And is this different?

Yes, that's different. So that's sort of what you've got to do. But the better I get at all this stuff, the better I get at all this stuff, the more that the more I make things that makes it easier for me um the more I develop procedures and stuff so so I can do it like basically what I want to be able to do ultimately is be able to just plug my file or merge all of my files together plug it in here and then watch it the whole thing and only have to make a few edits um that would be the ultimate goal uh but that is that is a difficult task but you got to make sure you save because this is why Jesus always wins is because he saves so you got to make sure you save especially after you do a big edit like that don't be afraid to be quiet if the scenes are meaningful to you and if you feel that it should belong then the people that don't like that are not your audience do take note of both the sound and video obtained in every scene there's a reason why I'm doing all this and this is all open source so anybody including me can can use this in in the future in any way that they want and there's a lot of ways that you can swing a lot of this stuff up to your imagination and through it we create funny memories that are hidden like for example I fell here and the ground shut the lid of my camera bang it's better to get footage than not get footage here was before the fireworks and I was just walking out to get the best view and I had the camera on just in case the firework started which which is good but it was in firework mode which is kind of a crappy mode on my camera so it's all black so all you do is hear me walking and you can see a few lights but that's about it so that's useless I delete that I'm actually control Z control Z is undo so if you delete it you can just undo same thing control you can keep doing that too for for a while and what redo is control what like it tells you there anyway but and you can do all that on this but I'll show you so that's the end end of it right I'll show you why we deleted it there okay so we set we very separated those two so then we pause and we'll just get rid of it and then we'll come over here all right so now we got a city view and and we're still waiting and we're still looking for a better position but this is when we actually start to see something so we know how all this is going to turn out and and it has to be exactly like it is just like lots of our scenes so here we can just use this to speed through the fireworks and we do we can zoom in a little bit and what we'll do so we get that heart let's actually look at it and we could do the same thing with that heart you know get the right the right scene and not just that heart there's other hearts in here too that we did with that balloon and that was just quick I mean you can spend time on it to actually make it really awesome and how exactly how you want it to be I like natural I like using lenses and playing around those lenses so then we go from there and then we walk so see we're going through a lot of time very quickly here but that you don't get to do this often there's not a lot of I mean these are the these are the top scenes in the in the productions let's just actually see us getting there we're getting in the tent to make sure is that right see it was just a stupid thing I can never tell um we'll just see here and I'm not we'll be using, okay here we're walking, it's the end of walking, so, and then we get into the tent, and get ready, that scene's good, so all I do is find the, the next part, and uh, and most likely I think the next scenes are good, the next transitions are good, too, um, so that's just, you know, enter, so, you know, I want it, I want it to go there, that's, that's important, um, press that enter button every once in a while, it stops, gives you a tiny break and you know where you are and and you can continue off so you can walk away from this right now and not worry about it and then come back to it right here and it's already saved and we've done a good job. I will always remember you. You can go. I've walked through a whole herd of them. Yeah me too

I've walked through a lot but that's quite a few. I've walked through more that but that's cool look back on it okay what is it it looks like little tiny trees could be tiny trees okay okay so this is how we become godlike you know we're this is how we go beyond human this is the ubermitch which is as close to god as we can get for right now which i mean which everybody's unable to do that and thank you god for giving us the capability vulcan the crafter of of technology of uh the crafter of is that of god or is that of the dark oh that's how you use it if it's a vulcan then it's it's a it's of god but crafter man crafts let's see god crafts this stuff so we got to make our technology to look like this right see that that's that's not that's of the air yeah but what if we had towers that were natural so we had natural looking towers that were like using good material like how would that be you know and we could still get that reception I mean like okay so now we'll look back on this so we have Zeus and Apollo working together here kind of love hearts love hearts a little bit and Demeter's background oh my camera's dying so that's it this is a hard shot to get like the tower and Diana and in the day oh how awesome is this how awesome is life oh look at this beauty oh thank you Diana she hasn't been out for so long she really hasn't and she's been hiding I take comfort in Diana



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



07-1984-Book-19-XIX-Shoulders-of-Giants

Apollo yay everyone in the world can be rich now there's no such thing as homeless now welcome to the revolution welcome to our new world how is someone homeless when they live comfortably on the internet yay the internet resolves homelessness the cloud of Zeus is more stable accommodation than any I've ever ever been in. So what you're saying is that the only poor people that are going to exist in our future are the ones that are too ignorant to learn how to use technology? And those who persecute without examining background conditions will slowly fade out of society as we collectively learn how to understand? This all sounds too good to be true. And the

The shit will decompose into the soil that will be used to fertilize the new tree of life? Yes, I am speaking of a world where everybody has the opportunity to become equals with me. And whether you like it or not, I have planted my seeds. These seeds are of objective reality, documented for your viewing pleasure.

I am presenting fact and not fiction, and no matter which way I swing that fact, it's still fact. The longer that we hold on to systems that don't evolve, the longer you can keep your ignorance. But all you're doing is delaying the inevitable. Let's look after her collective.

I just overheard a group of guys bragging about how much they drink. I think that really stinks and I can't wait until the day until people start bragging about how much they think. The internet's about to create a lot of individuals. But the thing with epics is that the main storyline is eventually resolved.

And we get to fight for something, even when we're not it. But we still have work to do. Insufficient funds to catch the bus. So let's finish our game.

Let's teach the world what real acting is. Let's teach the world how to save their souls. Lights! I'll show you the track.

Let's finish this war. Here is my army. Here is my guise. Everybody get into the zone, everybody get into the zone, everybody get into the zone.

I have a very important message for you society. So listen up. What are we doing? Is this really our best attempt?

Do you read me mission control? First we have to warm up. I just received the keys to turn you. How are we to slay a giant?

How do you defeat three giants with one rock? One with two eyes, one with one eye, and one with a hundred eyes. Let's see if we can do it. Why are the eyes so important?

What is it that our sense data is trying to tell us? and how would we battle an opponent differently because of their sight? Why would we do that? And the ultimate question, how can we battle three different giants

at the same time and take them out all with the same motion? And these giants all have different eyes, different amounts of eyes so what is it that relates within our perception and and how can we take out three giants regardless of how many eyes that they have two eyes so Goliath we start with because Goliath had the same amount of eyes that we do. So let's start with the opponent that is most similar to us. What is a monster?

What is a giant? Why do we portray these figures as being different from humans? And at the same time why do we use the polarizations of our human condition to express meaning when speaking about giants. For the first time we've passed here I don't need to stop. Why are we talking about giants? We know biologically that human beings the

way we're structured we can't really get above nine feet while existing in the same form so anything above nine feet we would have to evolve for quite some time and and we would be we would change our our appearance would change we wouldn't be that we would no longer be human which I guess this is what we're talking about but the images portrayed for giants generally are very very human-like so why do we do this? Giants eat people sometimes and they're often portrayed as having a lot of bronze but no brains. They are brave but lack the ability to understand. Looks like it's going to be you. I only need one. Our two-eyed monster,

Goliath, demands blood from the greatest warrior of my people. Our one-eyed monster wants the brains of my men and finally me. What's your verdict, Kaiser? And our monster with one hundred eyes I was sent to slay let's discover ways to make a rock skip three times size is power eyes is sight so we lay out body and mind but where is heart we look at the world from our eyes and see many things we look at the world through are bodies which must be perceived through some type of vision and then move around obstacles but did our eyes miss something I trust in you God who are our giants Goliath your pride in your strength will cause me to cut off your head. Polyphemus, you squash the skulls of my men so that you may suck on

their brains. Your arrogance will cause your demise. Dear Argus, kindred spirit, you were in the wrong place at the wrong time and accepted a mission against our our supreme father. This is what will cause your demise.

Goliath, God forbid you to be prideful of this without this. Polyphemus, you understood very well what you were doing to my men. Your arrogance and care for only yourself is about to cause your destruction. Argus, you are like me and are the most regrettable of my victims, for you are a shepherd that has also been entrusted with a beautiful heifer, and you are the best of them for you can protect them at all times.

But you have entered yourself into a losing mission, and when you accepted that from Hera, your name will live on, for the peacock will always have many eyes, but you condemned your own soul in doing that, in accepting that mission.

But you were told to do so by the most majestic goddess, but I work for her husband. But the irony never stops, because the holy cow that you watch that Juno imprisons is a faithful servant to Hera herself. Goliath, you are the worst of men, for God has given you everything that you need to reach the heights of human existence, but instead you squander your life away in the filth of the world. Polyphemus, you are the cruelest of men, who makes malicious judgments without even caring to understand background conditions.

Son of Poseidon, I will spare your life, but you will never see in any way again.

Did I spare your life?

Argus, I'm sorry.

in another life we could have been friends i have lost it i am completely insane

what's wrong with you wendell why do you have to do this stuff why do you see gods in everything

how how i am why do you see meaning everywhere why do you have to capture it for yourself why do you have to put meaning in absolutely everything that you touch why do you find out that that meaning was already there why do you do things like this why do you end up in places like this why do you end up home just trying to be the best person I can be I don't plan any of these adventures I just study all the time and eventually these stories come from my life and and sometimes they're very choppy but if you notice with my work I'm trying to get you to look at these stories and these stories have a lot of meaning in them and I'm giving you a relational aspect of that to try to teach you how to to be able to do this with your own lives. I'm proud to be insane and I'm way cooler than any of you. I'm trying to reinterpret these stories for you to get you interested in them and then study them I'm not trying to tell you these stories again because you should be learning them yourself and how I interpreted them in my own life which is the point of mythology because I'm nightcrawler and teleport myself to every location that I need to be in thank you very much oh goodbye batteries about to die for all who stand on shoulders and not towers will be blinded by me for now no matter where I am no matter what I'm doing no matter what time it is and no matter what you think you can do, I will always have better vision than you. And I will always fly higher than you. I will always be more precise in my meaning than you. I will always be more romantic than

you, Diana. Freedom. I will always be more dedicated than you. I will always be more loving than you i will always be more creative than you i will always be more passionate than you i will always be more athletic than you i will always be more playful than you i will always put on a better performance than you i will always be more beautiful than you i will always be gifted. I'm exhausted. What a waste of space. If anyone can prove any

of those assertions wrong on more than one account then I would like you to contact me and be my friend. That was fast. I don't have any more in me to do anymore uh so I'm gonna have to get some sleep but you know yada yada yada metaphors allegories and don't forget the entire reason why I went up there tonight and I hope you I'm not too sure if I was really happy with it, but it was what it needed to be.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



07-1984-Book-20-XX-Portable-Warrior

Where do you put people like me? Let's find out. Love hurts. How do we blind the Cyclops? Through the heart. I see it. Do you?

God's paintings. An arrow through the heart. Hey Apollo. So it's still rendering in my bag. How cool is that?

Portable life. Where do you want me to go Zeus? I'm now portable. I can go anywhere.

where in society should I be where do you want me society did you want me to live there is that where you want me to live that's where I've been living for so long is this where we should live let's figure out how to live there it's so beautiful let's see what type of housing will be fed let's see if the heart will finally help us. Can we find our fallout shelter? Did we educate ourselves well enough this semester? Let's see what he has to say about it. He

is coming in the clouds and every eye shall see and every knee shall bow. What new tears will today bring? How are the lame to walk? It's all gone now. This is it.

but we have to confront the past try to get this cable right here fixed but they found out that it was a one of these things it's not the cables in there Zeus commands free education I had a busy day yesterday but instead of telling you I'll show you he is coming in the clouds and every eye shall see and every knee shall bow what does prophecy mean when people ignore it when it's unfolding but just because you ignore it doesn't mean it's not gonna happen you don't need to do anything it's all gonna happen anyway how are you going to drive under these conditions I missed you Artemis. This is how you make your SD card into your desktop. And at the end of the adventure we will demonstrate clearly what source of power that we utilize. The last computer that I had that would run this game was when I was in America over two years ago.

and what happened was to get to Melbourne I sold this my computer which ran that but but to get to Australia it was that important to me so I sold that computer to one of my brothers and and then what happened is that my brother decided that it would be better if he didn't pay for it so I'm not sure if this computer will will actually run this but it will be really awesome if it does because if it does this is my favorite game in the whole world and and like not not necessarily New Vegas but this fallout 3 and and fallout New Vegas both of them are really in love with and I guess a lot my life is kind of based around around that sort of um the sort of method of pursuing life um so it's going to be really interesting if uh if this works especially from from this little machine i want to say this machine costs 549 that's pretty cheap like i know so many people i know so many people um that are poor that's been that blow through way more money than that um so it's so you know it's not really that much money if if uh like and and how much would something like this cost like how much would a computer how much a laptop i mean how much does a laptop like this cost i mean this go this is uh faster way faster than my other one and it renders like double the speed um so so so like anybody can do this like this oh this is now opened up to the world technology um this is the ubermitch device um the first of them we tried a lot with tablets but uh failed um and then we finally get this one uh and and anybody can do this this is what we're all waiting for okay this probably won't work so i don't know but it says it's going to detect it so oh it looks good medium quality oh so i haven't played this in over two years since i've been homeless i haven't played this oh yay oh yay oh yay



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



07-1984-Book-21-XXI-Tears-of-Melpomene

So, we're going to find out now how much Apollo will actually give us. Apollo, Apollo, Apollo, he's coming, he's coming. You're going to probably end up turning this off because I don't want to draw power from it while doing it. Because I don't think it'll charge them. I think it'll just sit there because this guy's trickle charge

You know come to think about it. I should I should start cutting out some long parts and like put in significant parts I Haven't even started this so I can do that through the whole thing

Editing I gotta start that soon

That's why I got this

Okay, so I thought I would just move on to Melbourne, you know, I burn all my stuff, and I think I said that already, and I ended up walking, and just started walking, and ended up in Bacchus Marsh, and I stayed there for a little bit, but I only sleep in like, on the streets, or not on the streets, but like, within, like, an abandoned shack on a farm, and the shack wasn't suitable for human inhabitants, and that wasn't even, it was bad, like, I was sleeping under a tree, most of it, one time I slept in in some a patch. I just could I walk because I kept walking I kept walking I had nowhere to rest I had no money on me. It was hard it was hard and and you go get water in my one of my bags broke and oh but I tried to stay in Melbourne. Let's let's talk about about me actually trying to stay in Melbourne.

I knew one guy and he tried to help me out but it didn't work and then I met a few other people who acted nice but they weren't, their heart wasn't right and I went through really really bad conditions and I used a casino as a locker and then I got depressed about my life because um one time when I came to the locker my stuff didn't fit I didn't know what to do so I ended up losing all my stuff then because it got caught like I could it was broke it had broken bags and they fall out and walking through uh Melbourne um with bags that are broken and stuff falling out and people looking at me about and me just continuing walking because I couldn't do anything about it because I had nothing to nothing I could do about it so I just kept walking and and then kicking me out of their property like like escorting me from from the lockers to to the the road like all past because that whole area is there under their control so like there's a whole area that they had to escort me out of and it was it was really sad um and and i ended up just walking because i i i didn't have a place to go and and my friend way um he he had other people coming so i like he helped me out for a bit but he couldn't um let me stay there he couldn't let me stay there because other people were coming it was it was beyond his control so then I had nowhere to go and I tried to apply for places but they had to do like it would be like two or three weeks before I would know and and I would be competing against a bunch of other people with you know because you got to go through the application process and and the application process is so hard when you need a place to stay right now but you want to make something permanent and you never can because you need somewhere and and i had and then then i went to a backpacker's place and ended up getting screwed over by people and and the fire oh i set off the fire alarms because I use oil to grease the beds because every time everybody slept the beds go like like all the beds were really really bad so no one could sleep and everybody was complaining about it and I was trying to do something about it and because because the place wouldn't do anything about it Um, uh, nomad, I think it's called, um, or nomads or something like that. Uh, I'll say it, you know, that's what they did to me, like, and they made me feel bad about it, trying to help people, um, uh, and, and the fire alarms go off, like, I didn't mean to do that. Um, I was just trying to make the whole atmosphere more comfortable for everybody. um and i had hardly any money um to do it with so you know i had i had some oil like i got oil was cheap or something you know uh and i got it but that's not and there was nothing around that said that i saw um that said fire alarms oil caught will make fire alarms go off or anything like that and and I just walked but but see I had a violin and and I ended up selling that on the street for 50 bucks it was a nice violin too and I wanted to get good good at it for you but but I'll have to wait on that one the material possessions they come and go but eventually I'll come back to them so so then I walk from from Melbourne to to Bacchus Marsh and and I don't know if you like know that that far like that's really far so spider web sorry I'm noticing a spider web but uh that is a far distance just uh where's the desktop i'm just getting used to they changed it maybe if i flip it come on there we go desktop okay i don't want you to download anymore not okay so as you see okay so we got it's plugged in but not charging um so that's good so let's uh turn it off and see if we're getting so it's 81 percent that's what we gotta remember 81 percent and boom boom boom shut down okay so we gotta make sure we're getting that light, light here somewhere, it's supposed to be, oh yeah, yeah, look at that, okay, so we have the time, I'll go get my phone, in Bacchus Marsh, the police picked me out, and heard out my story, and wanted to send me to the psychiatric facility, but I said no because I was of no immediate threat to myself and then they thought maybe I should go to Ballarat because they said oh yeah Ballarat you know they they started the democracy for or the cause of Australia turning to a democracy and I checked that out and I learned a lot and it was really cool there's a lot of history there but so they sent me on a train and I went on a train from Bacchus Marsh to to Ballarat and when I was in Ballarat the first place that you know they sent me to because I was just beyond the youth so I So I couldn't get the youth facilities, so I ended up in really places with a lot of drug addicts.

And then the second night there, someone tried to rob me, someone tried to break in. like even though there was it was like one room it was just one room uh with walls and you got it was locked and everything but there's a window um someone actually crawled up the drain pipes and it tried to get in through the window and uh and and they didn't know I was there My light was on, and they were looking around at stuff, and I go, can I help you there? Is there anything that you want me to help you still, or something like that? I can't remember exactly the words, but that's the story, and he got scared.

he's like and he like fell down like like at least a foot or two uh but he caught himself and and then and then uh quickly scammered away uh so uh and that was caught on well the thing is everybody thought it was crazy when i tell tell people uh but but then they looked at the security cameras and it was all there so so yeah but the thing is that made me feel not safe where I was even though it was funny and I was pretty funny about it because I offered to help him do what he was doing because I didn't care anymore and that started that made be looking at all my stuff all my stuff okay you know what does it mean what does it mean what does it mean what does it mean what does it mean it's like well let's get rid of all the stuff that you know um I didn't care about it because I had nothing that was worth value I had a crappy laptop at that stage really crappy I mean I couldn't do hardly anything on it um and and uh i was trying to i didn't have any of this type of equipment of equipment um i knew this is what i was wanting um but i never had it uh so we had to really learn how it was that that i could get better equipment and but the thing is I didn't really know what equipment I needed because all the technology that I needed hadn't really come out so and and a price range that I could afford or a portability that I wanted so the technology just didn't exist and I was just waiting for it and I had crap I could have had a lot better stuff but I it wasn't in my price range and so so I'm about but but that brings me back to so I didn't have much at all and there's this guy breaking in to my my room trying to open the window and and that makes me feel completely insecure so I go I can fit I can fit most of this on my back okay so then I figure out I'm smart but sorry I fear what I need I need a locker let's go to the Ballarat University and get a locker so that's what we did and and this the guild look guilds are awesome student kills are awesome and they all they all uh they all usually you know accept me um and we'll get on to that because that's part of the journey uh so so uh i get a locker and i put you know half my stuff uh in the locker and then the other half on my back and so so then i you know walk out to the deepest bush I can find spend a long time looking for for really good bush and and I found lots of mountains that's really where I'm attracted to mountains mountains I love woodlands and to be honest I like dry because I like to be part of it and I want to you know brush against whatever I want, you know, to be able to roll or move my body around in it without feeling like it's dangerous, you know. And there's some wetlands that I just can't do that within.

So I've done ninjutsu for a long time, and, you know, I started off camping my life. And in Jitsu, you go out of the bush and learn lots of things. And I was at least trained, both by my parents and my martial arts instructors that I've had over my life, to be able to do this. So, I just thought, you know, why not? Why not? Why not?

But all of my equipment for a studio, which is really what I need, a portable studio, has not been sufficient. Because it's been too big and too bulky and too heavy and I have to carry around everything and my back hurts and I have to go, need this, need that, need that. out what I need and then and then use that and then stuff like you know okay um how much of this stuff can just stay here like if there's over like I just could just push it away somewhere you know and if there's ever a homeless person in need that I know that wouldn't abuse something like this that would that would take it you know there's a lot of there's a lot of nature a lot of homeless people are homeless because they can't be locked up in houses um so and and maybe that's a lot why i am maybe i can't be locked up and i have to be i have to be open um but but to you know cause those people not to have a place to to put their stuff um that they can always come back to uh you know just because they don't want to be boxed up in houses um you know we gotta figure out how we can how we can give the people that are are inclined that way um opportunities to do that without feeling like they're they're sucking off the land you know i live so green out here i live really really green um yeah i'm vegetarian too so you know what that's that's really good for the environment that's really good for the environment and that's just one person so like Like, like, and, and, uh, and it'll end up being good fertilizer for wherever it ends up. Um, and, and am I hurting anything?

Am I hurting anything? You know, nature comes to me. They like me. Um, and, and I like them.

And, and they just don't take food from me. That's not a relationship. I mean, they, they hang out with me all the time. but but they didn't they didn't so that's where i have at now they didn't and uh and nature it it it smelled me it smelled me it smelled the humanity on my skin it knew i was not supposed to be there it knew it it knew it so it took me quite some time to feel comfortable out here it took me you know pan pan had to learn the ways of pan before one comes becomes pan and up and the Peter Pan there's so many stories that relate in in absolutely so many different ways uh and if we can't yes observe like how close all these stories are then uh we're never gonna get to the center of the heart ah good things from different perspectives so i did this and utilize some of the services like showers from united which was really good. The soup boss, really good. I was getting a student allowance, which

was not much. And especially when you're homeless, you have to eat more. If you don't have cooking facilities, you have to eat. It's more expensive to eat. And I guess I

should really prioritize cooking facilities, but I don't know. I've just started to feel more comfortable here i used to just use this place as a tent and and there's one production that i did song of wind that caused me to do this so which really made me question about home like what is home what is a home and all i'm doing is using you know this was here all this was here all this like see all this wood I can use all this wood I just move it around let's move it around make the place look nice you know there's a little dance lord there we got like we got like a little altar there for for the gods we got we got you know um the the butterfly uh and and the butter and then we spread out to the heart of Canberra um which is the heart of my heart it's the heart of australia which is the environment that i'm currently existing within and and i can make little you know rooms here um that you know are pretty sheltered from from everything um and maybe a few people know where i am because there are a few views around here that you can see the tent um but but you know i'm doing this

why why can't i have a little bit of property to do all this with like is that is that so much to ask this is the way i want to live i want to live like this and and if i can't have a little bit of property with with you know hopefully a little bit of runny water going through it so i I can get water too um then why can't I just a little bit I'm not asking for a lot you know just you see that's all I'm asking for and I can grow things amongst this if I want to that you know could not be bad I would have to do a lot of research about that if I was gonna do that because this is I want to keep to native Australian bush but I could oh so from Ballarat on my birthday I was gonna kill myself it's gonna do it gonna do it I was gonna jump oh you see gotta watch out for that this is the park rangers and you hear them from ages away because they're the radios are so loud they never come by there or they haven't ever hope they don't okay but always traveling far distances to get to church and the church only having their cuppa after with me somehow thinking they care getting kicked out of some churches for being a heretic trying to find public interest groups but failing to find anybody that wanted anything to do with me here's how I was gonna do it I was gonna jump off Black Hill and and aim for a tree and I've done a lot of tree jumping so I could have possibly made it out alive but that was the test that I wanted to put myself through on my birthday and and I thought that was a bit extreme so I turned myself into a a psychiatric ward or I actually turned myself into I went to the GP and then they and then they sent me to the psychiatric ward and then the psychiatric they sent me to mental health and the mental health sent me to the psychiatric ward and I was doing all this voluntarily and then when I got to the psychiatric ward they took away my freedom this is this is how we spin it And this is how we spin it, this is how we spin it, this is how we spin it.

Meeting a lot of disturbed people in a very short period of time and only wanting to help all of them and them appreciating me for that, but also being put in very bad situations as a result of that and getting taken advantage of a lot too but I felt sorry for both their addictions and mine lots of really sad stories lots of painful memories from many people I heard the worst of them like she cares it gives me power remember the test conditions this is by far not a full sun area, and I could easily find a full sun area. This was just to test right by my tent, which I knew is not the best place for this solar panel. My mother and Stan adopted a lot of children around the world, and I have many siblings of various backgrounds.

But we will continue to have problems to communicate until all of our devices, including our portable cameras, are powered off 5 volt, our universal power supply. For this is the rewiring of mankind our most valuable possession now available in five volt let's rewire the points on the top of our head we can store it all in the clouds thank you zeus we just store it all in the clouds this only allows us to get the best material possible to give off to the clouds and it's in the clouds and then after it passes this then this means nothing this means nothing this is only intermediator between this this right here and this yay five volts on windows maybe a little bit expensive now at 549 but it's going to get real cheap just watch and when it gets real cheap theft of them will be rare we're entering the five volt revolution i'm broadcasting your message mercury i'm doing it but until all devices change their voltage we will continue to come back to the genetic pool to see if we can slice a little bit of superman in there i hate mainstream i'm gonna try to do it on an Optus network. I'm not even sure if it's going to work. I don't think it'll work. It probably won't work. But I'm going to try it. I'm going to try to get it

all on an Optus network. I'm going to try to do it. I was thinking about going to Ainslie, but I'm not supposed to do this. And at $2 a day, one can't complain while it's downloading while I go about my day-to-day life duties.

What does it mean to be a superman? In Ballarat, I learned that it meant to be put in a psychiatric ward and be forced medications of harm and be analyzed as someone who is not capable of making sound decisions. And they detained me even though I was not proposing harm to myself or anybody else. And then forced me to do things that was not in my interest because they didn't care about my interest.

They didn't even know who I was and they didn't care. Six weeks I was detained and I carefully looked over my reflection during that time and they didn't understand nor care what I was doing. So ultimately everything made me look like I was crazy. they didn't look at any of the background conditions they didn't care to understand that I was documenting what I was doing they didn't care to understand that I had this whole life work behind me but because ultimately I didn't have stuff like these videos and it was all text before so they didn't have to read that text so they didn't have to understand anything that I was doing I would write them letters which they wouldn't read which then ended up being documented evidence to their cruelty. They had no care or particularity about what just

happened in my life. I had donated all of my things in life and and was driven to live a life of poverty but that made people not want to be around me because they thought I had no benefit to society by doing this. For the veins of their systems have stopped flowing blood through them and we are left with stagnant water. This is the system that is forced upon people who think differently in society and if you don't have any supports which is what I'm I'm trying to say get supports, get people that know you, and maybe those supports can lead to friends, which have done in my time.

I have a lot of friends, but I don't have a lot of people in my immediate existence, so I acquire friends all throughout life, but no one understood this. And, you know, those friends are never there. So when someone, you know, gets locked up for apparently an entire life of psychosis, which doesn't even make sense to the term, and they neglect to look at those background conditions, then we get people being misjudged, which is not cool. uh like why do i have to stay in canberra you know now i can go anywhere why do i have to stay in canberra why can't i just keep doing this sort of thing you know everywhere i go uh but we we push people to to do this and this is somehow being settled so so everybody else you know is settled and I guess that's the settlement but but like whose heart is really settled what is stability what is what is safety what is security what is reliability we got to really look at people and and that's if we want that in our lives look at character of people and and I've done everything to build my character but but the systems don't because it's not it doesn't conform to the systems so so we gotta we gotta mix it up and we gotta change them we got it we gotta we gotta really mess with their brain let's give them drugs let's force drugs upon them we want to create a certain outcome which is ultimately someone that fits in with society um but society being uh only within you know a certain scope only only like normal uh is only uh whatever the really the mass media and portrayals and and um and news and like look at your immediate perception look at the big corporations follow the money always follow the money to find out where everything goes and and it doesn't go to promote individuality it doesn't go to promote stars and look at the stars we do promote um you know compare them to what they do with their life to what i do with my life and i'm not saying that i'm any better or anything like that but but just look like they uh you can only you can only give something you can only engineer like this is what they do they try to re-engineer your brain to think like they want you to think and and that's within these media portrayals you know we got a shot of of this star doing this thing and and that becomes you know somehow entertainment to to know what what people that you know have well really more interesting lives than you but all they do is act in in things that aren't relevant to their own lives or if they are you know like there are some actors that do but it's nothing like what i'm talking about nothing at all what i'm talking about you can only squeeze a lemon for so long but if you just plant a lemon tree you don't have to worry about it. Three weeks after the incarceration they had a

review and in that review they decided that I should still be in there so that was six weeks in total that I was in there for and then when they left me off they let me go because I developed this plan this brilliant plan to go back to Perth where I had a few friends so I committed to going to Perth to get out of there and then because of this they couldn't put a community order on me so they couldn't force drugs on me which they tried to they really wanted me to take antipsychotics I mean they just forced drugs on me the whole time I was in there six weeks I was in there but when I left I stopped taking them Or I actually stopped taking them shortly after I left because they're really bad, really bad. Antipsychotics are really bad. I don't know if you can imagine it, but if you're just stuck in this small space and there's a community area with a lot of strange people and you get this small room and you don't have any of your devices or anything normal in your life and so you're isolated from everything and you're not given anything to do. Like, how are you going to respond?

How are you going to respond?

And these drugs, these drugs, pushing, pushing on my head, pushing on my head. These drugs, every single second, that's what antipsychotics do. You can't get satisfaction. There's every single second you can, oh, it's there, it's in your face and you have to deal with it and right now you're not where you want to be and how are you going to deal with it right now.

Well, I can't even look after myself because there's no one to allow me to do that, nothing around to enable me to do that. As free as a bird in the wilderness into incarceration, how am I supposed to respond, really? What type, why do you do that? So to Perth, and what better thing to do than join the SES and State Emergency Services.

And I really just did some training with them, I didn't really do anything. But then study, study, study, study. So I did a semester in L.A. is not passed, but that semester really helped me out with a lot of things in my life um and i learned how to read in paragraphs i learned how to read very very fast but that wasn't very good i don't want to do that my whole life i don't want to do that ever there's too much information to at one time i don't like doing that uh it's in audio books it's in audio format it's in speech that's where it is for me and and that's who i'm going to be trying to teach people like that so that's what I did I studied a lot and then at the end of the semester I set it up so I went I looked around at places that might you know have alternative living arrangements and Nimbin was you know the place to go so so then I went to well then I set up my exams me to take my exams and then once I took my exams then go to Nimbin right after. So I had my

bags packed for my exams and I had a plane trip to get to right after I finished my exams.

That's the way I structured it. The Munro's are a lovely family and ultimately it was just me knowing that that's not the place where I needed to be. I needed to be around people doing similar stuff to what I'm doing. I need to be around meaning. I need to find

people that also need to be around meaning. Giving it to you Zeus. Make me the ubermitch with this new technology. I will trust in you. Giving it all to the clouds. They put

me through these terrible exercises and courses or whatever they call it on plans from activities day to day that were geared at a very low level of intellect and it's kind of ridiculous it really is doing these things. You know, so what I did is I studied and I studied, and the thing is I studied about, I studied psychiatry, I studied psychiatry, I studied psychiatry and I studied the Bible, particularly Job, my job, and I learned what my job was very clearly from that experience. No internet or anything and all of my devices taken away. and then they tell me that I have these things so then I get them to print things off for me from the internet because I should have you know the right to have information but they were cutting it off and then I got them to get books for me on psychiatry the ones that were used at the modern times and then i i even went in and showed them how they were doing uh they were going against the book with how they were treating me um but they weren't listening to anything that i said they were just wanting to say that i'm this and i need to take these drugs and then that's the end of the case they were very hey he acted in this way when he came in how's he gonna act right now, how is he going to act in the future, the content of what I was saying and everything that I was saying wasn't understood or even they weren't looking at that, they were only looking at how I was actually acting and that was really frustrating because there was no communication because they cut off the feelings and the reasons why I do things, like they looked at what I did and they said this is irrational, a human being shouldn't be doing this but they didn't look at why the human being was doing that and and that screwed up you know the results of what I mean did they accomplish anything I mean I've accomplished more because I documented it all and they weren't concerned about that it's on my web page it's on my home page if you want to look at it but it's only in writing the second one has a little bit more than that uh because it's in the production so we're getting really close um to the end of the content here because we're getting really close to uh the part where where you can look for yourself what happens um so i'm gonna start you know thinking of ways to uh round all this up uh but it's still got a lot. I mean, there's still more to it, but we're coming to the end. We really are.

I felt it all. I felt the drugs. I felt the oppression. Every single second in that place,

it'll never go away. It's always in my head. The question raised continually was, Do you have anywhere else to be?

Yeah, I do. I do.

We all create fictional worlds in which we live in.

At least I control mine.

Because every drop of power that goes through this and into this is priceless. Let me show you how to spin straw into gold. So, learn a lot, and then fly out to the Gold Coast, and then from the Gold Coast, go to Byron Bay, and then from Byron Bay, go to Nimbin, and I stayed in Nimbin for four or five months, maybe six months, mostly homeless. homeless. I mean, homeless the whole time. It was just how the arrangement was. Studied. Studied hard. And one of the exams I failed in theology. And then I took it again. And the teacher commented on how well I did. And he said that he couldn't give me a better grade because it was his second go. But he could just give him credit.

They said I did really good in the exam the second time, but that's because I converted all of that text to speech and then read the whole book out, the whole thing, and I got all the details and I was able to bang, but the university didn't give me enough time to comprehend all that material in order to give them a good exam at that stage. So while with the Monroes, they gifted me with the appropriate hardware to do the meaning of life. And that was really awesome. So it was just that Acer Aspire, the first one I had, that gave the video was good enough to do what I needed to do.

And that worked out very well, so the better equipment that I get and the more portable it is to be able to do what I do, the easier it gets and the more we invest our sights on the fireworks of humanity, and the better we craft these tools of Vulcan, the better we can get at conveying meaning in society and for us to learn each other better. But what thoughts should we convey? What sounds should we listen for? And what sounds can we use in any productions?

In whatever we want. What images can we use? What can we make with free images, medias of portrayal? I am sorry for being a jerk in some of my productions.

I'm learning to gain a little bit of this. It takes time to retrain an entire psychology. The things that are in our environment in which we interact with have to learn your mannerisms, your demeanor, the way you are before they'll trust you to be around them. And our journey comes to an end from where it began and it begins to reign and the power has been fed.

thank you what is this? what is all this? what is this life that I presented to you? so now I think we should consider this with my other work too so what is this?

this portrayal that I have done on the internet what does it all mean? where should we go to find out why am I doing all this? So now I'm high and I now point you to my reference books because everything that I am saying, despite the person that I am and how I had to be, you know, I am a human and I have problems, but everything that I'm saying is very real. So I point you to please read. Please read the material that I enclosed. If you want to have a judgment on the topic, please read the material before you judge.

I always looked for ways to make money from a distance. I had never figured it out because I kind of wanted to go everywhere where I wanted to go. And it took a while for me to be able to do that. I was always attracted to games where, you know, you have a whole big environment.

You can walk down this in a game and you can, or you can walk down that and you can choose which way you want to go and you got this, you know, massive, beautiful world to interact with to accomplish tasks like fallout, like fallout, you know, and you can try to avoid violence most of the times and you get to choose and you have, moral choices that you have to live with because the outcomes of your choices will direct the future of the game. This is my game. What's your game? This is my MMORPG. This is the

first of the uh of the healthy versions of them and and hopefully my outcome would be i could play fallout uh new vegas and if that works play fallout 3 2 um on on this device but i don't think it's good enough oh what is beauty what is a life like mine worth upon god's character creation process

I was given too much emotion and too much intellect and combining those resulted in hardships in life and but through that I was able to gain many many abilities and many things in order to increase how thrifty I was and not just that but also in technology and what I could do but you're not really in that but everything like like everything in life that's thrown at me I'm gonna I'm gonna fight it and even though the systems think they won I always get my points across I always do so what what is a life like mine worth I've given I've given it to you I'm going to continue to bring up now different points that that I remember that so we can try to to construct a hold but at the end of the day that I've given it to you. So even though some pieces are missing and I'm going to try to fill in some of those pieces, you should have a clear indication of who I am. You should know who I am and the things that I say that I've done and I've done lots of crazy things and I'm not going to say, you know, what sorts of crazy things I've done because you should know by my character, you should already know, like, what has Wendell done? Okay, well, how does Wendell think and how would Wendell respond to certain systems?

And when we look at that, then the situation changes. Because how does Wendell look at life? How does one of my possums look at life? How does Darling?

Darling looks at life a lot different than Homie. They're two different possums and they don't really get along. And they try to avoid each other. How do they look at life?

And they spend their time up in trees all the time just looking and making sounds. um and and like how how do they see the world they see the stars all the time or do they see the stars what what are the eyes capable of what do they feel what do they sense because they don't they don't seem to see very well um so but why can't systems look at you know uh who i am and how I'd respond to. So they don't respond well to anything. Why? I just want a little

bit of land to do what I'm doing right now and then figure out how to make a little bit of money from it so I can survive. What do you do with people like me in society? What you do these guys these guys will know these guys that the camera can't see very well

don't know oh i know what we could do we could put everybody in a big hall and convince them to all be the same or very similar people right their menstrual cycles will line up and the few that don't well they're just weird we'll throw them away we'll just they're just one of those things that happens they are just the margin it is only packet loss don't worry about it no need to look at individual people when the collective people works just fine no need to research people only their collective thoughts how bad are we going to let our parenting get

what trauma should we induce upon our children what's a good age for us to stop caring about them what's a good age to stop communication with your child what's a good age to let them live in the environment that they've created as a result of you what's a good age that we can can mess up this child and and send them into the follies of the world to be a part of them like you were done like your parents did to you what's a good age to no longer provide for emotional needs what's a good age that we can stop being a figure of support for our children at what age should we send them off to school to become happy consumers at what age should we leave them to their own devices at what age should we no longer care about what they care about I've shown you all that I'm a big child but the thing is is that you guys actually think that that those sort of comments insult me but I am showing you exactly for what I am and if I'm a big child then that's me and we should learn how to integrate big children into the world without them suffering so what do you do with people like me in society well those people have to learn themselves very well you got to work hard on yourself and make you how you like yourself and have many battles with mental health throughout the journey you will develop a reputation about how you do not get along with systems and we will bring fallout into our world so then you got to go through it and figure out what bits you need to cut out of it didn't make the cut and then you gotta produce it yeah I've been editing this for ages and and look at this how cool how cool is this oh I can just do this like for a long time a long time like it's just plugged in there and it's gone there and it's gone to there but I'm not using that right now because I'm occupied here but I'm really tired I'm really tired so I gotta get some sleep but I did good work I did good work and I did a lot and and I did some crap some crap work. I have to get the crap work out, but there's not much crap work. But most of it is just, you know, I do two takes on some occasions. I try to, but if you can tell, check it if you can tell. I'm an actor on the stage of life. That's how I develop as

person. I'm trying to show you how to do. How to figure out how to give my heart to everybody. How do I share my life with the gods? Stop it. You bit me. That wasn't

nice. Not nice. Not nice. Go get your food. Go get your food. What more could

anyone want let's turn it upside down this is hilarious it really is so this guy can help power this guy and I can get files across using it too I wonder how long an hour and I think a half maybe hour 15 minute production will take to render. I put a precious, I put a precious on me right. What I do, what I do, what I do, what I do. Oh, it's so hot, I did it.

Oh, that's good, that's really good. This thing's so cool, this thing's way better, this thing's way better than the other thing. even with tears on it. I miss my family. I miss my family. Really do. Oh come on. Get it pumping. Get it pumping. It's there. You don't look what it's doing. And it cuts off. Then pump it again. Then do it again. And again.

Bump, bump, bump, bump, bump, bump. And maybe, possibly, possibly, hopefully, cross fingers, cross fingers. Yay. I remember the good times me and my father had.

I do.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



07-1984-Book-22-XXII-Heart-of-Calliope

half the heart is lit so cloudy now it is time to figure out how to hook back into the power grid using our power source light up your hearts world light up your hearts world all good men are destined for great things whether it be in this life or the next Because the good always defeats evil.

Darkness is always revealed when the light is cast upon it.

Because when we fix our problems, they no longer burden us. And when they no longer burden us, we end up in a position where we can once and for all take care of them.

Jenna, when she left, it was a really bad time for me. I didn't know what to do. I tried to win her back through flowers and ring, a ring, re-proposing, whatever. I tried, but she kind of made that off like I was being creepy and a stalker, so I just backed off.

I still tried over the year that we were separated, because we had to be separated for a year before we could divorce, I tried to win her back, and she wasn't interested.

But it was a really hard time for me, especially when I lost most of my friends out of that.

And, you know, I stopped losing, I lost interest in possessions, I lost interest in value, and what I used to value. I lost interest in everything. I didn't want to live, and I was this, you know, very well-educated guy, at least well-educated in the areas that I cared about, but without a purpose, so it kind of led me to not want to live. So I did it. I got everything prepared to kill myself. And I was about to, and right before I did, right before I did, bang, dropped to the ground.

Lost consciousness did that you know that moment that I talked to you about

But I was sent a very direct message

from beyond Through this and told that that I no longer have possession of my life and it belongs to God And this wasn't cool cuz I wanted to kill myself anyway, so I was like what oh so my sights then were entirely changed being a very needy person I just wanted to find anyone but but I couldn't do that because because the gods wouldn't let me it would wouldn't let me so why why because of the cross because of the cross because of Debbie because of both marriages uh uh which which I the one at six years old meant more to me than the one with Jenna and so I meant those words more with Debbie uh than I did with her but but I mean it was kind of bad I wanted her to be Debbie uh lie tattooed to my back oh dear god what experimental mission did you just send me on it says no entry it says no oh oh god oh really really oh i miss diana bring diana back bring her back why what do i do what do i do what do i do i'm good at almost everything what should i do What should I do? I gotta understand. I gotta understand. I gotta understand. How can I understand? How can I understand? Knowing. Knowing isn't understanding. Knowing is just part of the equation. What do I gotta do? I gotta both know. I gotta both do. Okay. Let's learn how to do that. Let's learn how to do that. Let's learn how to both know and do.

How do I learn? How do I learn how to learn? How do I learn how to learn? How to teach people how to learn?

What does it all mean? Why am I doing it? What means are we utilizing to get to our ends?

Does the good outweigh the bad? Why don't they understand?

How could I accomplish the task that you have given me? Where would I go to find her? huh how would people not consider it dirty how could this ever work there's over 7 billion people on this planet how could this ever work there's over 7 billion people on this planet how could this ever work how could this ever work there's over 7 billion people on this planet you see what I did there you see I did that okay okay okay I got ya so so what would I have to do what would I have to do I'd have to give this to the public the public everybody really really you're serious you're serious serious I have to paint that I have to paint it I have to paint it really oh I have to paint that one too do I really Really? Really?

Have to paint that? Really? Like that? Oh really?

I have to paint it? Oh. That one too? Really?

Really? That one too? Oh. Oh.

Eventually. Soon. I'll try. I'm in progress.

The heart that used to be there is gone. Cause you made me give all that too. You even took this from me in rigorous training, but at least that's not given to the public for that goes to my queen So what's the mission?

Gotta find her gotta find her gotta find her How are we gonna find her how are we gonna find her how are we gonna find her how are we gonna find her? Become a star become a star become a star. How do stars shine in our current world? how would they shine in a utopian world how could I shine and not be creepy thank you God for this gift you have just solved all my problems oh thank you so much everything thank you praise Apollo thank you thank you I'm so happy I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. All of my problems are fixed. Look this. This is what I've been waiting for for 10 years. Yay, 10 years. Waiting for this. Thank you, Venus. Thank you, Venus. Thank you. Thank you.

I'm not sure if you guys understand what this means. This is what I've been waiting for for 10 years now and I had this plan of how I could integrate technology entirely into my life and it just took a long time for the technology to become available to do this. So I just had to wait for us to start using a universal supply of power, and then our towers are signals to be strong enough to be able to portray messages from a source that that is renewable hail Apollo but I blew all my money I blew it that cost $549 which the thing is it'll become cheaper that's I'm getting it now because this technology has just come out and this is like this was on a sale for a really good price and it was on sale because because it was the first model of these things and new ones are coming out now but I already know exactly how I can use all this because I've been thinking about it out for very very many years but I'm I'm going to be dirt poor for the next two weeks and and I guess I've done that lots in my life but it was a sacrifice that I took in order to get this I'm going to be much much much more comfortable with it in the long run it's running windows on it uh then uh with this because see there i had another there was one other tablet that was cheaper that was windows too but it's 12 volt and and this is 5 volt so even though like see it's having a few troubles charging um i mean it's still charged see it says plugged in but not charging but if I turn it off and then I keep that out in the sun because I only need really four to eight hours out of it every day and that will give me that amount and if it doesn't then all I have to do is work out how to connect this up to a battery and just leave that out and then connect the five volt because that's That's all it is, is five volts. So whether you understand how significant this is in my life is everything's just clicked in and I've just rewired, I've just successfully rewired my brain.

I just really did have to find the right voltage. Really had to wait for society to have the technology to be able to bring me this. I'm going to show you over my future productions how powerful this little thing is because man this thing is going to do so much. I'm going to push this.

This thing seems way better than even my laptop's because it's SSD card. It's a flash memory. So we'll see how it goes. I'm so happy.

I'm so happy. Yay!

And I also have my laptop and an extra battery for it. um and the main battery has is nine volts so it's like huge so it has lots and lots like it has up to nine hours just like this this is up to nine hours of battery life um and it's like okay so three hour charge for that two hour charge for my laptop um with an extra battery and i'm getting batteries for all my cameras extra batteries for all my cameras um being able to charge with this and plugging into the power or whenever i you know am at those places so i don't have to go to those places but whenever i'm at there just use the power sources um to charge things like this um and then you know this right here uh this could get like probably five or six charges to this and this will have like what eight eight hours to it like i i've got like with all my batteries if i get all my batteries sorted out and everything working you know i could have one or two weeks worth of of production still um now now that i have this guy so i'm really happy about this this is so awesome come on charge why aren't you charging please charge i think i'll turn it off thank you venus this is for you thank you beautiful goddess let's fly tell the gods So, where would one go to start such a self-induced brainwashing journey to get their first electronic charge as a superhuman?

Everything that man needs is in my bag. Everything they need to survive is right there. He may be right there, too. Venus has just rewarded me for my toils, blessed my actions, and gifted with me everything that I need to find you. I'm coming.

What do you say, Diana? We can do it. We can do it.

Come back out, Diana. Come out, girl.

I can't even see right. Here it is, too. I think I can't even get there. Maybe I should stop walking.

I don't know. Is it mad?

There we go. These things are all over camera all the time. All the time. So, I got the tablet and i got this stuff which is really good which i'm smoking right now and it's legal but i'm paked i'm so paked but this changes everything like this tablet this it's it's better than what i got in computer form and i'll be it is going to be so easily powered um i'll work ways to do it really easily and it lasts so long and i don't need that long changes absolutely everything and I gotta figure out like ways to get the USB working because it doesn't I gotta convert the USB port so I can't really get big well I'll figure out ways to get big files over there's ways to do everything but I'm gonna make this thing do so many cool things so this is this has really changed my life so now I gotta think you know what I just I've just gotten my hands on, this is going to be so cheap soon, once this hardware, I give it six months, like maybe a year, and this stuff's not going to be too much, so that means that anybody can do what I'm doing right now, because everybody can afford it.

So you could live whatever lifestyle that you had to live and educate the world about your lifestyle.

I really got to think on how I'm going to use this because I'm learning things about it. Like Windows 8 is different, but it's different in a good way. Like they're taking things away, but the things that they put in to replace it is better. It's a better way to do it because you utilize your screen and it's less messy.

So everything in my life is coming together and there's a lot of interest in my work by a few people really. And I don't care. It's happening one way or another. so uh and you can watch this crap or not um if i want to sit here and be stoned off my butt and talk to the camera um if there's someone out there that actually wants to listen to me do that then uh uh then let them do that and and just stop watching if you think i'm stupid or whatever it doesn't matter okay so you gotta figure out when to put the cigarette butt out. I'm still learning that.

Maybe I should do a whole production using this, like using this camera and everything, but I need to get some casing for it so that I've got at least two weeks before I can even start something like that. But I could probably do it. But it's not charging off my computer, even though it's supposed to. But I'm going to get my first charge at the philosophy department because it has a power outlet, and we can just use that for the first charge of everything will just charge everything. So high right now. Can society think straight

while high? But one must always take responsibility for their actions. And no self-induced state of existence can act as an excuse for inappropriate behavior. Now let's talk about what inappropriate it is.

On a mission, on a mission, on a mission. from the gods. Love wisdom, love wisdom, love wisdom. Got the power, got the power, got the power. Uploading me to the internet, to the internet, to the internet. Praise Vulcan,

praise Vulcan, praise Vulcan. It's my birthday, it's my birthday, it's my birthday. I'm gonna give me a really good birthday present this year for myself because I haven't celebrated I haven't celebrated my birthday in a really long time, and my battery's about to die. And then I gotta charge this camera.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Thank you, Venus. Thank you, Venus. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

In the philosophy department. In the philosophy department. They got water. They got power.

They got everything you could want. A microwave. And possums outside. It's open 24 hours. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

open 24 hours and this thing is going to charge all the way up and I'm going to get a lot of time out of it and it's going to be really cool and I'm going to play around with it a lot and then I'm not going to have enough money to buy a converter and then I'm going to be poor but I'm still going to have this to play around with yeah yeah yeah oh it's my birthday it will be when I release this yeah yeah yeah and you're going to have to sit through this if you care to get this material stupid knees going up and down while I'm zooming in and out because I want to filter out the people that I don't want in my life yeah yeah I'm so cool I'm so cool look what I do I got another email probably from someone flaming me yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah there's portable USB batteries uh that I can get that'll give the tablet a few charges so by going USB I've just opened a whole another world but but I also opened more problems because it's probably the highest power USB you can get so I need to make sure I get high powered USB otherwise I don't think it'll work so there's a problem and we gotta work out how to get the best from it and what equipment we need to get in the future but nothing else It costs much money, so it's easy now, like that was the bulk of the equipment. Dear Gods, what are you doing with me? Why am I doing this? Why do I have to do this?

Why are you making me do this? Why am I like this? Why am I like this? Why can't I be anything different?

Why did I do all this? Why did I have to turn my life into this? into this in order to, you know, exist and look, you know, where I am, why, why, why did I do all of this? For one obsession to get a perfect romance. That perfect romance

in my head didn't conform to society. So, you know, how am I supposed to do that? How like I want to live a good life I want to live a good life why why have you made me like this I'll tell you why you made me like this I'll tell you why you made me like this because whether I get what what you're making me do um or not is irrelevant because I'll be a sacrifice, and if I never get it, it doesn't matter, but I'll open the pathways. I'll open the pathways for the future so other wise men that are psychologically inclined like me in the future might get the opportunity.

So we now depart our thoughts to accept the love that the Hare Krishnas give with their free food. I show you my day-to-day life so you can know how it is. The end result is about helping people. How can you help people?

How can you help people? How can I help people? How can I help people? How can I help people?

What was I built to do? After Jenna left, I tried Australia for a while, but I couldn't make ends meet with the payment that I was getting, so I ended up moving to America, but I was only there for like seven months or something, seven or eight months, because a lot of bad stuff happened, and I'll tell you, I'll reveal that slowly, but we got to start at the beginning. So I wanted to go back to my family hoping that they would accept me into their lives again with open arms and that's not how it unfolded. Too odd for everybody in a nation that claims to be individualistic because their individualistic pursuits are only immaterial goods where they think they are what they have and they They really know nothing.

All of my devices are currently charging on my back. Why is everybody so revolved around money? Oh, that's not what stars are about. I pledge allegiance to the flag that holds my mind in captivity, for it enables me to not think about what is around me.

and i can overlook people uh that could benefit my psychology greatly if they were around me because all these people in the world we don't want to talk to them um because we're scared our media uh we're we're in trouble so we got to stay in our house stay in our houses stay in the houses lock, lock ourselves up, lock ourselves up. I taught martial arts online, uh, a long time ago and I was creating different internet, uh, systems to be able to do that. I ended up, uh, stopping that because, um, how often I was getting flamed, controlled, uh, and politics too behind that, which were stupid. Um, but, but I've been trying to do this for a very long time and what I don't care what you say I've already done it I've just done it why do we separate personal from professional sending message sending message why is our dating scene so promiscuous no longer respect people only respect organizations yeah we're working smart here good job humanity how long is their heart open they're shooting a TV commercial so this is fake maybe he's gonna do it again he went in there with his lights is that the commercial done who cares commercials are so old school oh miss the sirens again they did it again Minerva a family member who lives their life for virtue is not generally an accepted family member oh no this guy doesn't let us walk all over him maybe we should be really mean to him isolate him alienate him douse teach him this guy's correcting us on our arrows you know go to america get screwed around by family fall in love with your sister okay so there was mutual attractions there that we didn't express or talk about but but then when I talked about it it became a big deal so I left but right before I left a big ordeal happened from my drunk brothers and and I ended up homeless and with a ticket already purchased to go to Melbourne without any money so that caused me when I went to Melbourne to be homeless on the streets and not have any supports or anything like that I've fallen in love a lot in my life but just because you're in love with someone doesn't mean that you think that there can ever be a future between the two of you.

I loved a girl called Dionne Chance. She was gorgeous, and she had the kind of body that I like in everything. She was a beautiful, beautiful girl. And everybody called her Rat Girl, and apparently that's the type of girls that I'm attracted to.

but um but she was wonderful but but it wouldn't work out and she was wanting to do things sexually that I don't didn't want to do um so it was a bit awkward and and she ended up breaking it off because I think because of that um Kristen Kreider Kristen Kreider what a girl she's crazy but I loved her I love these people still I love all the people I don't stop loving anybody that I fall in love with but Kristen Carter yeah she was she was crazy and she was a bit suicidal so we got along very well we talked about some some awesome subjects but the distance just got hard and and And she bloomed and got a lot of guys. And I bloomed and went from having a lot of girls to having no girls because I started looking for something very specific.

Who else is there?

Let me talk about my sister. I'm not going to say her name or anything. um but but but she was making contact with me like she was playing footsies and stuff like that and i didn't reciprocate anything i stopped her every time she did it but but and she was like you know holding my hand almost and uh and and kept on touching and stuff like that and and i liked her a lot um and you know i i started and we talked and we got along well um but and it just i fell for her i fell for but i never did anything or would i you know but but i thought about it a lot and you know i just couldn't be in that situation and that's why i had to leave america because it was causing the family a lot of distress and uh i mean this this is my inclination this is why i'm doing all of this so you know i'm sorry i'm human um you put me in those situations you know i'm going to respond how how i'm inclined um of course not not reciprocating those feelings but um but thinking about them and then and then possibly talking talking about them um and what we should be able to talk about about how we all feel in the situation but that never happens no one ever talks about that situation it's just like that's bad you know so much bad stuff i i went through some really bad conversations with my parents um so and it wasn't me i wasn't the one that was uh doing anything i didn't do anything i just i just talked about you know possibilities and and it went crazy but i couldn't i couldn't be there so i left she was 16 and i'm not talking about a normal sister i'm talking about an adopted sister from another country and uh and i didn't know her and I just started to get to know her when I went back there to America okay I'm gonna be creepy now I'll tell you what I do but it's because I'm naturally inclined to do it this is this is who I am this is what what everything about me does is is I go to sit around and just hang out in places with a lot of kids around and i don't do this because you know i'm wanting any of them but i love their attitudes towards the world how they feel about the world um their their you know joy and enthusiasm and what is this what is this what is that what is that and and that just makes me really happy and i really like to be in that environment you know i wish our adults were like that um but they're not uh so you know i'm just doing what i'm inclined to do i've never done anything nor would i ever um but i mean why can't you know i i have a go when they're in a high school or something why can't i be you know a candidate what's so wrong with that diana's out Diana's out I don't think the camera can see it um but I'll move around and hopefully be able to see her again yeah she's out she's out she's out today is such a good day um you know I love to bird watch it's it's it's inbuilt in me and I like to bird watch birds of all ages Nicole Snyder I loved her Danielle Oglesby I loved her how far can I take this could this even work what ages could I stretch my arms to that really depends on the girl because I can wait a long time and I am NOT asking anything of any girl but I'm only scanning to see if any girl wants what I got in their future you don't want to watch this stop watching it I am only calling the most beautiful and best of them so please do not waste my time



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



07-1984-Book-23-XXIII-Cupid-and-Psyche

just made an adventure for myself I just left to charge this camera but I left my keys on accident and that has my lights on it and I also forgot to bring water and maybe I forgot oh I got a phone that's about to die so we'll we'll see how that goes um so that uh but but i'm not going back i'm not because i can make my way back uh fun it's gonna be fun making my way back without some things that i used to have um so you you can do so this sort of stuff to you know oops you just screwed up how are we going to integrate this uh screw up into into our productions um all right how are we going to integrate the these screw ups into our lives really uh to make fun lives because what sort of life would i have if i always remembered everything does it sound better if i sound like this does it sound better if i sound like this does it sound better if i sound like this does Does it sound better if I sound like this? What about this? What about this? Oh, you.

What about this? Hello? This is the operator. This is the operator.

There's no one calling me. There's no one on the other line.

Hello, operator. Yeah, I just killed, like, a dude. Can you explain this dude? well he obviously can't keep the same accent twice and and i'm standing behind him and he's in a call center and and i got my knife like about about to go to his throat and and and he doesn't No, but he's already dead.

Oh, you can't hear this anymore, can you? Sorry.

Does it sound better if I sound like this? What about this? What about this? What about this?

Romeo, Romeo, wherefore art thou, dear Romeo?

Why are you a Capulet? la la la la la la la la la la la let's figure out how to sing it but we had to turn back to wet the whistle dear psyche it is unfortunate that it has come to this you stand there over me with a knife which you intend on thrusting into my heart what have i done i have given you everything of your psyche. How could it have come through this? Your sisters, your sisters tell you I am a demon. They tell me I am a devil, sent to steal your soul. But now you see me, stunned.

I had to cover myself for a reason. Your sisters are really jealous of you, for you have obtained to God, and whether they realize it or not, I am not the demon that they speak of, but instead, Cupid, son of Venus, stringer of hearts, wielder of the world's most powerful bow, and I never miss my target, so I will flee out the window and leave you to your path for you have a quest ahead of you. The distrust that your sisters implanted in your heart about me has lined up a journey for you and you will have to go through many trials in order to be able to cope with your human condition now that I have entered your life. Please listen to me dear girl before I'm about to speak your future.

You will be wandering for quite some time, looking around, trying to figure out ways that you can be with me, and it's going to be very difficult for you because when you came in and uh with with your knife into my room and lamp to see who i was

to see my image of who i was you stumbled so clumsily on on my arrows and now your heart is bound to mine and you must discover ways to be able to be with me you will need to look into the mirror and you will seek favor and counsel from the gods but eventually you will find that Venus herself is who you must serve and you must decide what towers to listen to for my mother is still angered by your beauty she will put you through many trials but I hope on my way up the mountain that i will be able to assist those trials by explaining them to you but don't forget dear psyche that the crown is at the end of your journey but oh boy my mother's about to take you for a ride you must divide and organize many things but remember you have organic helpers and you too will need to travel through the terrors of black mountain collecting water and you will come to learn that pan is your friend and you will need to learn to sing in order to shear the sheep of apollo but it is not over for my mother has one more trial left for you in which you must find beauty in death you will therefore travel to the heights of human existence and when you are there you will go to the top and want to jump off but but don't don't don't just wait because you will hear its voice it will speak to you and it will tell you of the journey that is headed your way. For you must travel to the underworld to visit Proserpine to carry back to my mother the box that withholds the beauty within. Please listen to the tower very carefully for it will teach you how to go and come back from the house of Hades. You will be faced with many suffering, pleading for your help, but you must ignore them. You must please

a three-headed dog with cake. And dear girl, you must bring two coins in. I have one here for you in order to ensure safe passage to and from what do you do when the symbol the symbol right here punch you your entire life what do you do when you see it everywhere what do you do what type of person do you become and the goddess of decay will take your life from you hands you the beauty of the gods and then give you back your life but as soon as you reach the light of day you will be tempted to open the box and take a little bit of the beauty for yourself ultimately to please me but you will find this beauty in slumber the deepest slumber of human existence but I come to your rescue my dear sleeping beauty for when you have died and come back only to eternal sleep only then can I break its spell for Almighty Jove I will plead my case your case or one case and if the world aligns perfectly if we wait and are patient then the council will give both of us immortality. Come here, it's okay, come here, hey, hey, huh, huh, huh, be safe dear for we are destined to be outstanding parents for pleasure wake up my dear we have a lot of work ahead of us we have a lot of people to help oh yeah sorry I forgot to add it repeats three times so same thing three times bang



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



07-1984-Book-24-XXIV-My-Galatea

There is no way I'm gonna be able to get that. I've studied so much in the last 10 years and and not only that I've burnt at all. I burnt everything. I burnt all my paperwork

After I became homeless in Melbourne in the park and in a firetruck came when that happened and and then the police came and and but but I burn it all so satellite and not just that if I had to get it how long would that take and how many schools like that's so much you know I've studied so much you know I've done a lot of diplomas and and a lot of certificates and a lot of study a lot of crap so that's really really hard that's not something I can provide you but your systems don't think so Vincent DePaul gave me this shirt when I really needed one so if you have a problem with it you can follow instructions and despite how one is treated just for trying to be a good person we still all need to learn this let's figure out how to how to respect people even when they treat us terribly where does someone like me belong. Do I deserve a house? Do I deserve to be on priority? Should I continue living the life I live or should I have a place to live? Where do I belong in society? I don't

know. I'm just trying to work with what I have. The stalkers get closer and closer from the internet to my phone in one day real life and I'm not sure what to do about them and the police won't help and I'm homeless so that makes me very vulnerable so I don't know so I tell people about my life and no one believes me and then I show people my life and they still don't believe me but they don't look they refuse to look so you know people smile when I tell them the sort of things that that happened to me because they they think I'm making up a whole whole load of crap and and I gotta figure out how how to deal with that how do I exist and be able to feed my belly and warm myself and and get everything that my psychology needs to cope with the world how do I do that sociology okay male and female okay So, if a female was getting stalked, like I am, what do you think would happen? Just think about it.

What if a female was homeless like me? What if they were as talented as me? And what if they ended up in unfortunate circumstances the same way that I did? What then?

What's the difference in society there? what if i was aboriginal what if i lived a life that other people understood what if i came from a rich family what if i came from a poor family what if i had a family what if people cared about my well-being what would happen what would have happened if the seed of my spirit were given fertile soil from the beginning. What type of tree could I have been? Let's all do a background check. Let's look at the fallout shelter. What types of trees has our current

society planted? What is it full of? Let's look at our non-organic model. Am I the only one that can see a problem here look at everything around every single thing and what you'll notice is that every single thing that's within our environment here in the city only serves humans its function is merely for humans and humans alone so we get a whole bunch of humans that that put remove everything from their environment that is utilized to serve its whole environment and then them creating a new environment and and only being able to relate with themselves then because the only thing that's around them and the only things that they interact with uh were designed uh specifically for them for our craft no longer resembles that of Vulcan's divinity let's put these here so cars can't come in and hit the windows let's put these here so we can attach our bikes to them and then put these little marks around around our roads uh that we pave uh so we can park our cars and and let's put these things in here to make sure that our drivers can see that that this is the middle of the road and let's put this here so we can have a light and then let's put this here uh so we can have support beams for this massive building that we've just created and then let's put glass here because we want people would be able to see through it see all how fun everybody's having in there let's put these here so Wendell can jump on them what animals is this useful for what about this after over a year let's up the difficulty oh yeah what warrior are you creating society you'll see always being loved this is the second one I found today. So housing is going to get me a place soon. And that will

first be in a place not so good, but not as bad as some of these places I've been in. And then shortly after that, so not very long, they're lining a place up for me. So, you You know, I've been homeless for what I consider three years, but if you want to talk about, you know, on the streets and the wilderness, for two years, over two years, and that's how long it takes to get a place. Looking back over what we've gone through, I guess I can really divide my life into three stages.

And that is my growing up, really, my childhood with my parents. And then Jenna is really the next stage. and what I'm doing now is the third stage and that's because she left me and she did that three years ago, over three years ago now and that's really what caused everything because when she left, I was entirely isolated I was alone because her friends were my friends and her family were my family and when she left me, she told all of them to stop talking to me And they did, so it kind of left me entirely isolated. And I only had, you know, really one or two friends outside of Jenna who had been good, who were good to me.

But they had their own lives going on. I wasn't part of their lives. So it was really difficult for me. But that's just, we haven't really finished with the second part.

we're almost finished with the second part um so i'm gonna more focus on that but i'm just giving you sort of an entry because we will be going on to the third part in not too long um uh so we really really the second part so jenna was preparing me to do all this and to become the superman i had to figure out how to learn i had to figure out how how to learn how to learn i had to figure out how to be able to suck in a lot of information very quickly and I had to figure out how to use technology to allow me or enable me to do that because this is all prophecy and and that's what's so beautiful about what I'm working with is I'm building off time. I'm not making something new. I'm furthering. I'm evolving what we have and I can do that because I got the internet and whether you like it or not is irrelevant because it what I'm saying is true who needs a gun oh she's going so slow just walking like very just a little bit slower than her let's change gears work was so hard get into Paid very little for your capabilities and and only able to do that because I'm young

But I'm a very different person and

Over time That became very obvious so before I was young and and now I'm a weird person So it's extremely difficult for me to get a job I've applied for over 10,000 jobs in my lifetime and I've had good jobs and good references and stuff like that, but when you're dealing with someone who doesn't do things the way the systems do, whether they're brilliant at what they do or not is irrelevant because everything is structured into systems and if we get free thinkers that don't use those systems and use their own, then we get someone who is unemployable or at least it's very difficult for them to find employment. Let's unravel the web. Okay, so let's now discuss the elephant in the room. This is going to be really hard for me so I'm going to try to do it well.

Bisexuality, I guess we'll start with Jenna and how she wasn't very sexually inclined and we talked about that a little bit and that caused me to need to find methods to cope and that was really to please myself so I don't please myself a lot like all the time or anything but when I do I please myself very very well and um and over time I just got better and better and better at it especially the last three years since I've been alone um I've gotten really good at it and what happened the stupid decision that I made in in zombie apocalypse a love story um that that did some damage but but the thing is that the damage caused a lot of sensitivity and that helped me learn really areas of my private parts that I'd never felt before which then allowed me to remember those areas and then and now I experience them so I really want I have become a god of my sexuality. But we'll take it a step back and say, okay, I guess I identify with asexuality. More so demisexual, which is still a subcategory of asexuality. But Demisexual is a romantic asexual, and the reason for this is I'm very very romantic and I want to please my woman in every single way possible, but I don't, I mean I've learned from Jenna not to require anything whatsoever because I can do anything myself.

But let's even go back further. We're talking about my whole life here, but I am very attracted to young girls. And sorry, I have to say, you know, I start getting attracted to them from about the age of six, maybe seven. um but it's not in a dirty way it's not in a dirty way um when they get to be about nine or ten uh i get very attracted to them um but but still not in a sexual way at all it's like i want to be around them they're beautiful they're way more beautiful than all those other you know women out there um and their personality you know uh flourishes with their looks and it's not it's not in a sexual way uh although you know there's inclinations there but it's more to admire the beauty until it's ready it's like it's like it's it's about to to become it's about to evolve it's about to butterfly like uh so it's a beautiful um the cocoon um you know there are it is starting to butterfly it's just cocooned and and she she's starting to butterfly and uh and when they hit puberty um probably uh when they hit it and a little bit after that's when i start to be you know sexually uh the desiring of of uh but i mean i have control over everything but that's when i start to to you know want that person want to know who that person is really and and then assess whether that person would would ever be a good fit for me because most females aren't and and to be honest I'm only attracted to really one and maybe 5,000 females and and when you know when three-quarters of those are under age under 18 um that that's terrible I mean I don't I you need to open up my playing field and and I'm the I'm an awesome guy and I'm gonna wait until it's until until she's ready or not until she's ready I'm waiting till marriage um because because that's what I that's that's the life that I need because she's gonna be my soul mate she's gonna be my other half and and it's It's going to be the most beautiful thing in the world when we get married.

But that's really my sexuality. I have no inclination towards men, romantic inclinations towards men, or sexual inclination. I mean I want them friends, but does that make me heterosexual? i don't want to do anything with any of these females i'm looking at the personality like you know the the appearance the the the way we look is the you know the first it's like uh what's the word for it it's the it's the first filter that's that's good because i'm creating filters everywhere so the way we look is the first filter um and if it matches up then the second filter is who is that person and is this person someone that you know is worthy of me and am I worthy of them and what type of personality how would we work together what would lifestyles be like if we combine them what type of future could we have together what potential does each individual have and where are they headed in life life and do they match up or would both parties want to match them up and this age thing to stop pursuing of females if they're under age and you can't even think about that is stupid because there's a lot of really awesome men out there that would be inclined to make romantic advances to these females um who would be more than happy to wait until they're ready uh uh but but we cut off our our daughters we cut off and and i'll say our sons too um but but usually it's the other way because the the man spends his time getting becoming stable so he can then invest all his time to to provide stability to to his woman and whether you think i'm stable or not uh i mean i've been spending my whole life to become stable why because i need to be this i need to be stable for you but what's stable that's a good question we should talk about that but but we're not going to right now i'm just saying how we should start thinking about it like there's there's so many relationships that that could become so great i mean you could think about it for so long you could you could know that you're making the right decision and and uh ultimately you i mean you're you're getting another com you're getting a companion you're getting a life companion at least that's what the vows are for um even though lots of people don't abide by them um it's still like the intention is to get a life companion and if if we're limiting ourselves to you know uh to over uh over 18 um and then everything else is gel bait or whatever i mean how's it gel bait uh you're not doing anything you're just spending time with a wonderful person um so that's really my sexuality uh i i don't desire anything from anybody i don't want anything i don't want anybody i don't want to objectify anybody i don't want to if i was ever you know when i get married when i have sex i'm going to become one with that other person that's the uh that's the goal and how you're gonna do that are you gonna do that by you know sleeping around which most of the people in the world that's how they do it they uh the way you find love is to sleep around with a lot of people and eventually you'll find that one that's compatible and it's like well what we're really kind of damaging our psychology by doing this um so like what a thought out relationship wow that's something that's uh that's different something that's been planned at least on both parties or or you know like people like if if people like me could could pursue um underage girls then then we would ultimately uh enable society to be so cool so cool because uh then you get you know you get someone to teach um them like personally and you get like their attention you know you they they become the life uh we we could we can enable society to become so much so you get me creating mythology films um of my entire life and then you get a girl that starts to do that i mean imagine if all i say comes i mean if all if all i say that that i want to pursue not the world because all that's coming true everything i say about that is coming true but if all i say about about ivory here comes true which which i don't know why god would um give me a life mission to spend my entire life doing and and then say you can't have it i mean if that's the way you want to punish me then uh then so be it venus but i don't think that's the case i don't think that's the case at all So, eventually, I'm going to find my soul mate.

One of you people are going to see what I'm doing and go, wow, and really connect with these topics and see my passion and see my dedication, my love to wisdom, to philosophy, to arete, to phronesis, to agape, to the cross, to you, to you. And someone's going to see that. And I know a lot of people are going to see that and eventually, I mean look, I get stalkers all the time. I think most of them are boys right now, like teenage boys probably and probably some older ones too, but do you really think that eventually I won't get girls?

I mean that's what I'm waiting for. I'm going to put up with your stalking because eventually I'll get stalkers that are girls. And the thing is, is that my Ivory, she's emotionally and mentally, she's struggling. There's some issues there.

But the thing is, that's who she needs to be. So she can then overcome her problems in front of the entire world and ultimately change. So you get two online teachers who give their entire lives in not only courses, which she'll be in philosophy not only philosophy courses and and other ways to portray meaning and and essays and and uh and news articles and and tv productions but also mythology films i mean we're going to take over mythology uh all over i mean i already own it right now i mean own no one owns it i mean it's living it is living um but but on the internet i am the first to do anything like this so on the internet i am the uh enabler for for the future of mythology uh so i mean you can you can say whatever you want but i'm the first to do this uh so so you then get two lives like that and you see the relationship um because even though they both do different things um they'll interact with with each other's production so they'll help each other with different things and you'll see the relationship between me and her publicly um and then you would also see how she is and how she loves me and you would see how i love her and and you would see that there's not a sexual thing going on there and and everything would be public our entire lives are public they are given to you and even though um she uh right now hasn't given you her life um if she's my one then she will uh so but but i'm looking at the person so back to sexuality um asexual demisexual more specifically um but maybe maybe god of sexuality of my own sexuality um or if you want to interpret it i mean it's not that i don't i wouldn't have sex with the opposite sex the uh the opposite gender it's it's not like i i wouldn't she the conditions just have to be perfect and and that is marriage that is and and not only that but i don't desire it i can do it myself i can please myself without anybody else and and to be honest we should all be like that because if you're relying on someone else to be able to function within the world then uh then you're following a folly and and daughter of jove um you you don't want to do that um so make sure but but this doesn't mean that if you have someone else then then don't don't use them and far from that the relationship with jenna that i had you know i wouldn't recommend that to anybody. That's not good. It's part of the relationship. When it's ready, when it's

at a certain point, it's part of the relationship. It's part of the relationship before because we would have to discuss all these topics. We would have to know very well because these are plans. These are things we're ingraining into our psychology, distributing our carefully uh contemplated thoughts into an electronic format which then we can uh then produce and study and and follow and submit to film festivals and it will follow us around and we'll and then we'll go you know i'm thinking this you know what's wrong what's wrong i gotta study this section i remember i talked something about it uh let's study it and let's look at it and then let's expand to a build upon the mountain um so that's the the elephant in the room um so i don't know what you want to classify me as and i don't really know what to classify me as um so so just i mean stop and it makes me really this is important it makes me really uncomfortable when people talk about sex. I'm not talking about talking about sex, but I'm talking about being dirty about sex.

If we're going to talk about it, let's talk about how sex makes us feel and what sex does to us and the different characteristics of the ramifications that sex has on our psychology. but but i'll look at her man oh fuck her yeah yeah or i do that you know or all right come oh you know that's not cool that's not that's that's called objectification um and if you would just um look at the person um behind the picture uh then you would get an idea uh whether you metaphorically would root that person uh so that's it for now oh that was hard here's your journey dear girl first you need to get supports so you need to go to youth organizations that help youth and you need to get get some people get some caseworkers some some social workers and then you need to this how it needs to be very carefully thought out before you do anything but you need to go to them with what you need in life to be happy or what you think you need and what you think you need is going what you need is you're going to find out what you need through what you think you need but get the supports but that's really important really important get the supports because I didn't have supports for a long time. So that means that no one helped me. And every time I went somewhere, they thought I was crazy because no one knew me. And because there

was no one to say that this is Wendell, then we'll incarcerate you. Because people like me don't happen. And I'm always on a psychotic episode, according to them. Like my life is a psychotic episode um so uh that's how oh so you got to do it over time um so they got to know who you are and not this isn't just one thing you got to do it over time um get them to know who you are and get them to know uh very well our situation um because that's really important um But, I mean, that's really ultimately why you need it.

You probably, without me, you would probably end up being a very successful, brainwashed individual in society. But, we're avoiding that. So, you need to get your supports, and then you have a long journey ahead of you. and that is with your school and let's talk about school and I've thought about this very very very carefully and I just want to get it out there and I'm not saying this is the way that it has to be or this is what's gonna happen but really what I'm doing I mean because when we come together everything becomes but this is both of our decisions so we got we got to do that together but what What I'm going to tell you is some of the things that you could expect for us to do.

And that would be to take you out of full time school. Who cares what they say, we'll figure out a way to allow you to only go in like two days a week. And you utilize that education system and you make the grades, you get the grades. Who cares if you get, you're probably going to be an awesome student, but try to be better.

And if you're not an awesome student, then that doesn't really matter because we're not learning their education. So once we do this, we'll study these topics, and you'll go to your test, and you'll do your test fine, and you'll have friends, and hopefully we can figure out a way to swing our situation to not freak people out. And then we'll study, and we won't just study those topics that your school's teaching. We'll study everything, we'll study everything in as much detail as our zoom, our focus, our eyes, or really Apollo, the light, will allow us to.

And we'll do really entertaining productions while we're doing that. I'll teach you how to film and think in order to speak like this and in order to get your thoughts out and who you are your expressions what you feel inside how to get that and articulate that abstraction because you we're gonna have to learn meaning very very well in order to give the world the most beautiful story possible and that's really possible for your life so you got to work that out this is the way I'm working it out for me but that's just me you are a different person so what I will do is I will teach you I will teach you all that that your heart can take in that your heart can take in and and you'll lead with your heart and and you'll be recognized for everything that you do because everything that you do is going to be awesome because you have learned to understand meaning on a level that that others usually never never reach so so we'll do that and the way we'll do that is you know these mythology films you have to take yourself on adventures so you have to go what is it that I want to convey what is it that I want to convey oh I think think walking around the circle walking around the circle okay so I want to convey this so let's then figure out different ways to do it and this is where you fell this is where you fell what is this yeah I haven't even finished it yet it's it's just two crosses through two lines through through a circle there's something else there's something else you're gonna fail and you got to figure out how to do it so then then when we're ready it comes and bang life will make it happen don't push it don't push it don't don't you know to get those good grades it's not worth it it's not worth it like if if you're struggling with the topic right then your mind's not uh prepared for that topic right now and if you're struggling to study it at that particular time um then you shouldn't be studying it you should be studying whatever your mind is directed to and if you can if you're not directed to it you know screw it if if you struggle with a few topics in school and fail who gives a crap that's not a problem at all all you are there for and and now let's be honest okay you're there for social interaction with your peers for one number two you're there to figure out how to break your education system so you and me i'll be there to support you i've already done what i needed to do my my mission is over now i can just spend the rest of my life um really having fun with what everything i've done um now now my life's a playground and if you don't believe me look at all all of the pieces that i set up i mean i don't care if you believe me i'm having the most wonderful time ever because because in my own mind i i have gone beyond myself and and in the internet's mind uh that's the same uh same sense and and in the internet's mind it's i've gone beyond everyone else out there uh so i'm the first and and who cares what you think if you have a problem with that um but but this education system which i've demonstrated time and time again is really really bad and and we need to figure out how to make a better education system receptive and we might have to play around with our angles and the camera a little bit right and even walk around to make to line up what we need to say and and then we need to get the shot and you know it takes some play around but once we get the shot and see each of these are an image so like how many images am I conveying but once we get the shot then uh then it's time to to express that to your generation so we got to figure out how to reach your generation let's march around the circle how can we reach your generation what do they like you know what we'll give them exactly what they want you know we'll actually figure out what this wants and and not not what this wants okay so we got to study we got to study but who we studying we study people we are studying your companions let's do it let's do it okay what do they want what do they want what do they want so let's give them exactly what they want it take you know they don't know what they want but we got to extract it we got to figure out you know what what the good in them which is really human flourishing which all human flourishing anything of a positive nature that helps more than one person um without without hurting people is is a good thing so we got to figure out how to give them that because we want to give them the best education possible okay so what do they want what do they want and and not only what they what do they want but what do they want that they could um maybe eventually right at least eventually make a living off of but but i'm not talking about mechanical skills i'm talking about how you think so i can make a living off of this because i am brilliant in this field not because i i know how it works right so we gotta figure out how to create free thinkers free thinkers the generation of free thinkers how we how we doing it how we doing it we gotta do that okay so uh what's there what how do we get through um with how do we connect okay so we look at at propaganda which they've used in the past and they really still use uh it's just evolved it's all evolved which you look at our media like i've been teaching you this but take it apart take it apart um like how are they telling what are they telling you to do what's what is society telling you to do and and how doesn't that line up with what you want to do and by say you you know every single individual um and and the individuals that are our target audience is your generation and and we gotta study we gotta study and you the thing is you know your generation because you grew up with them and you would have seen the ills and the beauties of them so so you are really the person that's going to be leading this i'm not leading this revolution i'm just starting it for you um and why do you think i've put everything into this seriously okay so once we do that um once we make it receptive right we got to figure out a way to uh make it recognized so uh that way you know parents can go oh my child's going to you know this school which is an open source school open source education school that will help that helps a lot of people it's free but you know what um it doesn't matter that it's free like that's not a bad thing anymore you know why because there's something called character and when all of your students are if I can't say all I will say most um end up showing how brilliant they are demonstrating what the the wisdom that they absorbed through their education then we get this and this is phronesis don't forget it practical wisdom and when we get someone who not only understands but understands how to manipulate those parts within their environment um in order really to create something new a generation of creators um when when we can do that uh then we're going to change everything uh so we got to teach creators and and and why is all this going to work because there's going to be some people who do it because they they really can't do anything else and when those people show how awesome they are because of the university structures of an open source education system and I'm saying of an education system so I'm not saying any particular school then it will demonstrate open source education as a very uh real alternative to our current education systems and and why is that well that's because um the the students who go there like it because because the teachers care about them and and because they're awesome with everything they do uh so that's how we're going to get it receptive um and i know this is going to take some time and i'm going to be honest with you girl i'm gonna be honest we gotta work off generations we're not gonna see a lot we're not gonna see a lot just here's here's the problem here's the problem dear girl here's the problem everything takes time to click in so our past we work and we work and we work and nothing happens nothing but but when the conditions in society match up when they align when they click then everything unfolds and and that click that I'm talking about to your girl might be a long time it might be a long time and and we got to be okay with that because because even though we're gonna we're gonna get it all we're the sacrifice we're the sacrifice and and I hope I hope that our world will change I hope that that it will be in our lifetime and I really I have aspirations you know I got to try for what to help the people in my life but but I can't you know I can't control that um Apollo is is is only gonna gonna make his move when it's ready the your productions are only gonna happen when they're ready or our relationship is only gonna happen when it's ready and and peace world peace world peace if that's even possible uh is only going to happen when it's ready and uh and to change the attitudes of of an entire society um and different societies entire cultures civilizations to change the the the understandings the the potential understandings of of an individual that hasn't been brought up with the capabilities of the internet we're talking a big task and I hope I hope that we can do it like quickly you know we get your generation connected we we pull out their hearts then um then you know eventually the parents will see you and you'll see how how their children are actually doing good things like and then and then the parents get interested in what it is and then we figure out different ways to to you know teach parents what it is you know easily you know I'm over the top I'm over the top I'm a crazy guy I'm a crazy guy living in the wilderness to to basically be a storybook for you so so whenever it happens then it'll happen and if it doesn't happen then that's okay I mean this is a divine plan it's gonna happen it's just a matter of time as far as the education but but us doing this is going to make it happen so quickly and and by so quickly whether that's two generations or or not or more or less or or 10 years. I mean, it could be like, look, look at our spikes. I mean, we have so much potential.

And if we just figure out, you know, I mean, that's going to be our mission. If we can do it in our lifetime, if we can free society in our lifetime, then yay, if we can't, then all we are is another part of the prophetic puzzle.

And that's okay. okay because and to be honest this this prophetic puzzle is going to continue so so let's just do our part in it and and let other people do their part you know and if we get conflictions and understandings then then we need to learn how to still talk about it without getting angry at each other I mean and really figure out how to you know discuss these you can't just say I don't I I don't believe it because I don't want to. You know, let's talk about, you know, understandings. And you say, believe, believe, believe.

But these words are so corrupted. They hurt my tongue to say belief. Because a belief is an understanding. It's an understanding.

And if we get two different understandings, we're going to get a confliction. It's natural in nature. um and and you can either part or resolve the confliction and our resolution doesn't have to be with the sword and we will pull out the one arrow left in our quiver we will make sure we've done the right thing we have strung our bow and ready our arrow we line our shot up and aim patiently aim of course we'll hit it of course we will we always do we'll see what happens everybody around us will try to smoke us out but no matter how much you burn a mountain it is always still a mountain the shot has been taken and now it is time to consider what we have just done sometimes the things we do take time to click in especially the more complex they become and I think I'm in trouble on my way up the mountain this was merging so it was in my bag loose but somehow either I've done way too many drives in my life or something's gone wrong here um and i'm really confused like my head's spinning because uh look i gotta like see if i can get both the screen and all right so i go my finger here and it goes the opposite direction the mouse cursor goes the opposite so i don't know where i'm going it's like what what am i doing i don't know who knows i don't confused I gotta work it out it's gonna be a weird issue because everything's flipped so I gotta think backwards again I always gotta do this how weird you're gonna love this this stuff's good no come on around here at front see we don't want to be on my stuff we want to come down here yep yeah okay yeah we want to get a bit closer okay now yep come on now up you go up you go here here yeah here look look look look right here up you go no no okay there you go there you go you got it there's more here look look dude you dropped some look at that there you go yuck you can like take it off me better than that you gotta learn dude uh wipe it off on that. Do you like it?

You do. Invite the other one too. There's two of them. We got them from the soup lady. She's on Fridays

and sometimes they have a guy that hugs you there. He has free hugs which is awesome. I wonder how the stars look to my dear friend. It would be awesome to be in a tree tonight. You know I was thinking about it and

And I think we're going to come to a close for the most part of the middle of my life. I think that was really just the training period for me. A lot of bad stuff happened. How am I going to deal with it?

Not very well, but learn a lot. And I did learn a lot. So that was that era.

And I really strive to be the jack of all trades. uh... that was really what i was trying to be like every anybody that would teach me anything you know that could afford or free or whatever or cheap then i would really you know do everything i could to learn it so learn the practical applications how to be the jack of all trades how to be how to not need anybody else so that was really what i spent that time doing And really getting off relying on people because I could never rely on people. They were always backstabbing me.

Like, that's the fact of the matter.

So now I guess we'll move on to the end of, or this part of my journey. I mean, I'm about to start another journey. I mean, I've just finished a huge journey. and um and you can see that uh if you just look at my work uh so so now I'll talk about my homeless uh life so you know how I got in all this situation what what happened so this is after uh my ex-wife left me so this was an entirely different stage in my life I hope you enjoy my sufferings I really miss Diana



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



07-1984-Book-25-XXV-Tune-of-Polyhymnia

Almost there hope the train breaks down take a walk around see what there is to see time is just a melody And if you notice this panel is gonna be everything that I need because see well This is just one, and it's not even in the Sun very much, and it's still charging this

So we're getting ready we're getting everything ready Hell Apollo. Who liberates man? Man or God? How do we escape the poison? Hell Minerva.

Hell Apollo. Hell Demeter. Hell Zeus. Hell Poseidon. Hell Vulcan. Hell Diana. Hell all

representations of one God. Hell Scamander. Hell Hera. Hell the hearth. Hell Dionysus.

Let's multitask life. Let's harness Hestia's power. Let's try to identify all of the problems in my life that consistently occurred. Life is more than than money time was never money time was never cash life is more than hundred dollar bills outside of our convenient Lexus cages live like no tomorrow the God who's not short of cash I've always gotten obsessed over certain songs so so instead of like listening to lots of music I've always listened to certain songs like my whole iPod only has like 80 songs on it or something and and they get listened to a lot because I'm ingraining my psychology the way I want it and and to express the emotions that these certain songs express has always help me get through my troubles without without sacrificing who I am. I used to

get tics all the time so that what this would mean is I would cough all the time or I would crack my jaw all the time or crack my neck all the time or crack my fingers all the time or grind my teeth or I do something like that I mean I have a whole lifetime of these and and they didn't start really getting well they really just change I mean they're all obsessions aren't they they're obsessions of something that's unhealthy and and I kept spending all my time trying to turn my unhealthy obsessions into healthy obsessions because I'm an obsessive guy I get obsessed and and that's how I become very knowledgeable on different topics because I get obsessed with them so I had to figure out how how to how to get all this you know get rid of all this baggage which is all these things that my body does again and again which is damaging to it and and how to redirect that towards something that's not so bad for you so that's my life spent doing that I mean it's still kind of doing that maybe uh maybe I don't grind my teeth anymore or crack my knuckles or anything like that um but what am i doing right now oh i asked myself a hard question just then what am i doing right now i'm obsessing over something and uh and it might be a camera but that's exactly what i'm doing right now this is my tick metaphorically i think it's called seppuku here's what your poison looks like used to walk like this my penis used to never be comfortable unless it was pinned up like that that was a really uncomfortable uh three years of my life in my childhood every time it falls down i go back and go like that and then be pinned back up again it was easier to do because i was wearing i was wearing undies and not boxers i'm wearing briefs and not boxers so that was really a bad time of my life because uh of course people would see me even though I was secretive usually people would see me and that was embarrassing but you think I like doing that like it didn't feel right when it fell down it like I shouldn't people no one knows like no one did anything oh society always been attracted to the dark I rarely use the light people the light that you're getting here is for the camera and that's only because so you can see because you wouldn't be able to see anything if it wasn't there and when it turns off do you think yeah do I have no always playing games with the world always being neglected by systems always pushing boulders always chasing the heart always giving ultimatums always wondering where I am what my purpose is and how I'm contributing to the whole always watching society from outside of it oh come here you gotta tame them they don't just do this naturally, just so you know. It takes a while. Hey, eventually he'll eat it close and we can just hang out and watch. This is Darling, a homie already does that. And maybe six months ago an echidna did that for a while. But there's animals

of all types that do that. And to be honest, I sort of do that with humanity as well. Like everything, I manipulate everything. I'm always playing with things to get the things that I interact with to interact with me how I need them to interact with me, to be in the most comfortable position possible. And tomorrow I have an appointment with housing. So I put

on my armor that I earned. That Vulcan crafted me for last production, Song of Wind. And meeting with housing is about priorities so I've been living like this for two years now over two years and and I didn't choose to live like this and but the thing is is that every time I got put into accommodation I would get screwed over by people so I did it didn't me and people didn't didn't get along so it was I could never afford independent housing like non-shared accommodation so this ended up being the best method for me to be able to cope with my life currently so housing hopefully we'll give him here okay it's okay it's okay see look look look I'll come back so how's housing will hopefully um so you don't give it to them don't when they don't when they don't do what you want them to do don't don't give to them and you gotta make sure they don't bully you around and see he's over there yeah I want him over here and I won't give him any unless he's over here no no no come up come up sit okay here sit no no sit look here look right here right here you see yeah okay so yeah it'll be comfortable soon to just eat with me right there um okay so I uh I need independent housing um I need I need I need a unit, a flat, one bedroom, two bedroom, I don't care, it doesn't really matter. But I need it in a place where I can be secluded and recluse and not really anybody know me.

Or if they do know me then it'd be because we're being friends. because you have to be there like there's so many people in this world that take advantage of you and and you want to know why i'm bitter you want to know why i'm bitter um like i've been taking advantage of so much over the years um like i i shouldn't trust people because i i really shouldn't like i have no reason to trust people um because everywhere i go i get screwed over and and everything that I I'm saying gets proven um so so uh but I couldn't afford to do this you know if I went like rented a flat it would leave me without hardly any money to be able to do anything and I wouldn't be able to do this filming stuff I wouldn't like I wouldn't be able to do what I need to do in this life what I was told to do living like that so I knew I was gonna have to suffer for a long time until I wiggled my way into the place that I needed to be so because if you just cut if you just cut and say I'm not gonna live like this and and you won't get what you want for a long long time but eventually people have to deal with you so I couldn't handle all this I couldn't handle the the cruelty around I couldn't I couldn't handle being put in really bad places so this is really good places to me see how I could do this let's practice all that auto focus could have could have done in the same amount of time. So it's like, well, what's the point of that? Let's ring the bell. You

got to make sure that they know that the food comes from you and not any other source. That's kind of important. Hey, here you go. You can take that too. Because if they get into thinking

that food comes from a source, then they'll try to go to the source. But you want to be good masters of uh of all of your uh all of your army i guess i guess there's a lot of different things that i could have said there but i will say friends maybe companions a better word

well um with housing uh i got a meeting with them to assess uh the priority so i'm on high needs right now which means it could take forever um i don't let him walk on my stuff you can't go around go around stop go around go around come here around don't be stupid come here you can't let them push you around all right so uh i'm on high needs which could take years for me to get a place um so i'm trying to get on priority and i've been living like this for so long it's like I think I deserve priority, but tomorrow we're going in to see what we can do to make a good case, and I might have to be assessed by mental health professionals and other stuff, too. We basically got to see what I need to do to make a good case.

Go around. Go around. Don't walk on my stuff. Don't walk on my stuff.

Come over here. Over here. He'll do it. He'll do it eventually.

homie, homie hasn't learned that yet, homie's not as timid as darling, well I got to say battery, like I could keep doing this forever, like these things keep on coming, like yesterday there were so many of them, I just, I can't keep filming it, but I got, so I mean these things are really cool, it's called our environment, and you know what we can make it, and, and And this thing moved in with me and not vice versa. This thing actually lives around here. Homie doesn't. Homie comes here about 2 or 3 o'clock.

Sometimes a little bit earlier. But Darling's moved here. But Darling's timid compared to Homie. But Homie came here.

Darling just moved in probably a week ago or so. But Homie's been coming around for quite some time. more often now but they don't know what to think of each other we look at the eyes we got our sights right okay so i'm hooked up to windows on any device that i have no stay back come on no stay back here there you go homie let's see you know you're doing the right thing when they actually want to share food with you like the time they want to spend their time eating that food in your company um see at first though they run away so you give them a little bit and they run away they're testing and then they get comfortable with you and uh and they you gotta see they want stuff like that but but you gotta show them that hey you don't do that you just come to me and you get some good treats yeah and and they'll keep doing it for a while like this guy I don't know I don't know how well they're learning they're they're learning a lot better than they started so we'll see but but most animals are like this dude you've had a lot not really a lot you had no no no no oh get away get away i don't even do good in here i knock everything over like if you were in here it'd be terrible like i knock everything over all the time and and anybody that's with me and you know that i'm i knock things over i do it i try to utilize a small area and then i knock stuff over and i gotta clean it up that's all right and then knock it over again because that's what it's made for it's like what what good would stuff be if you couldn't knock it over and then like lose stuff out of it and and spill stuff and make a mess i mean we gotta make a mess of this life we only have one chance to do it so i'm gonna do it well i hate to focus on this camera it seems to have been getting worse it takes longer to focus now than it used to And you got to make sure they know when to finish, when they can't have any more. So, he probably want to go for this because I'm not going to give him any.

That's it, all gone, all gone, all gone. Tomorrow, I'll give you some tomorrow. You can drink. No, no, no, no.

Yeah, so that's what you got to do. This won't stop happening. You know who that is. It's not like I have any friends or anything.

The police won't do anything about it.

And this is not to mention all of the people on the internet that are harassing me. I've stopped using Twitter because I keep on getting harassed by actually a lot of people. And it's not just Twitter, it's a lot of places. places. This is the struggles that someone like me goes through merely to attempt to start a

business. I can't get out of it. I don't. I can't. I mean, I'm trying to, I mean, no matter what

happens, people are going to follow me around because my number is going to continue to be public and and my details are going to continue to be public so i'm just gonna get more and more people doing this and i gotta figure out a way to to to deal with it um because ultimately all of all of this proves all of my work it proves all of my words anyway um so it's but but how how how am i supposed to deal with it and and it's not like i'm doing anything wrong um actually just the opposite and just and I'm not charging anybody or anything like I'm not asking anything from you and and I can't exist how like like this and you know I mean I'm not doing anything wrong um like seriously what we're so sick we're so sick our collective psychology She's so sick, it's so sad, it makes me so sad. I just wanna make mythology films, what's so wrong with that?



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



07-1984-Book-26-XXVI-A-Chase-for-the-Beautiful

hell apollo hell minerva you're gonna focus is anybody gonna focus focus on what's important in life let's roll the world let's learn how to assess character we're getting closer stay patient the rainbow is coming we're about to get off the ride and on to a larger ride because we always get power right before the battery dies. Hail Hestia. Hail Apollo. Let's throw away past fuel.

By the way those kids that you heard coming up the stairs when I was admiring Hestia they wanted to push me around because of course all people that you rob you can push around because you lose respect so I got to figure out a way to gain respect from them otherwise i shouldn't really be staying here even though it has such cool stuff you know i'm getting good with everything it's pretty awesome things always changing so there was a tug of war contest between my parents because they both wanted me and i didn't know and i was just under the age uh where i get to choose and i had to wait until i became 13 um so i could choose but but they're both wanting me and they both used methods that weren't good like bashing the other person and uh like uh verbally bashing the other person and uh and since they both uh wanted me and i didn't know um uh they ended up resorting to stuff like blackmail and and my father uh told me that he would buy me a game a week and a nintendo 64 and a game a week which he never ended up doing but but that doesn't matter like why would you why would you do that and and not just that i ended up moving in with my father and then the cops came and picked me up uh so and that that wasn't a good experience too like uh there's there's a fight going on and you're bringing your child in between it and i'm trying to mediate between them i'm trying i want everybody to be happy and no one's happy and my mom's struggling my dad's struggling i'm struggling my brother's struggling um we're trying to you know uh accept my dad everybody except my dad is trying to make sure that the kids are sorted out um so it was a really hard time on everybody and the reason i ended up moving to australia was because of the school that i was in it was a really bad school and that was the ultimate decision there was other factors involved there uh like i didn't appreciate getting beat up by my mother and um and and not only that if i did stay it would have been bad because me and stan didn't get along um and he was just uh he was starting to be involved uh very involved in my mother's life um and he was physically aggressive so I had to make a decision and I didn't know where I wanted to be but I knew that America didn't have the types of people that I wanted around me so I thought why not Australia so then at the age of what 13 maybe almost 14 or something like that I I went from America to Australia on a plane by myself with lots of stopovers and it was really hard and really confusing and I never been in a plane before that so it was it was a lot for me to to take in um and not just that when i got to australia it was a good entirely different culture i wasn't sure you know at least in america i knew kind of how how to make people how to make friends really how to uh talk to people um and here i didn't and everything that america had you know the social normalities that america had didn't work here. And in America, even though I was distant with people and alienated by them because they didn't really want to hang out with me, at the same time, I knew how to get the social that I needed in order to cope with my own head. Because I was, even though I was picked on a lot, there was a lot of people that thought I was awesome and even though I was strange, they thought I was awesome. So I was getting, you know, all throughout my life I had, you know, these extremes.

People usually either really love me or really hate me.

And when I went to Australia, it's all about, like, it's really, really deeply involved with who you know. And I didn't know anybody. It's probably the same in America, but starting out new and not knowing anybody um and being a bit different um doesn't enable you to meet people so uh i went a really long time with uh uh in in australia you know without getting any social interactions and as this progressed uh i i really really longed for social interaction and wanted to start going to parties and my father wouldn't let me go to any parties um and i thought i should be able to go to parties and um because I want to meet people I want to I really wanted to find my Debbie and uh and I couldn't go to parties so uh so that really really sucked and um and I ended up uh you know at that I ended up moving out I ended up moving out so around the age of 15 I ended up um uh moving out uh but but not only that i mean there was a lot of mental abuse going on i wasn't happy and uh and my father like sometimes he would stop talking to me for a week or two or something like that um because he didn't like you know something i did or didn't do or something like that and it's like that's not cool that's not a good way to communicate and uh there's a lot all these things that you know wasn't working for me there um so when i found an opportunity to flee uh i did and and that ended up backfiring because shortly after that not too long after that um my father ended up moving back to the states so i was stuck in australia all alone let's find out what i did wrong and we see the cyclops destroy our friends in front of our eyes is human life threatened is this justifiable is rabbit life threatened by human life i could go on do humans threaten the lives of the gods so i met jenna at the age of around 15 i think it was and um Um, and shortly after I met her, I moved out, but I moved out into a friend's place, uh, so it wasn't, um, it wasn't straight in with her, um, but, but a few weeks after, like three weeks after, I moved in with her, and, uh, and I guess I moved in with her mother, so I had to, you know, get, figure out how to get her mother to like me. as well as as get her to like me and um enough that it would be cool for me to stay with them um and they were really helping me out because i couldn't live with my father and uh and they said you know there's a room here and and it was good it was a good arrangement for me and uh but ultimately not really and this is where I went wrong because I thought that since I found a girl that was young I mean I was young too but she was my ideal girl and and I wanted her by my side and I didn't have anyone by my side so I really kind of clung to her and she allowed me to cling to her and and we ended up having sex before marriage which I won't make that mistake again because I only wanted to do that once so but the reason we did was because I promised we were promised so you know I gave her the promise proposal and in the ring and all that and and we were promised together so you know I wanted to secure myself and we were married for seven years and together for 10 years so ultimately that's quite a long time uh but but maybe not for the good i mean at the end of the day yeah it's for the good whatever you consider good i mean look at my life is my life good uh so and and in doing this you know my dad had well he didn't leave at that stage he was gonna leave soon like he wasn't uh he left uh not too long after all that um but but i didn't have support so i clung to not only her friends because i didn't have any friends uh but also her family and uh and they gave me a a place to stay and and i felt like well i was trying to feel like i belong and i was trying to be uh you know another child to them um but they didn't they want me um and over over the years it got worse and worse and uh not only that the first year of marriage uh with jenna um we went to the states uh to visit really but we were just seeing how we would like it together and and my mother was very destructive towards our relationship she didn't think that we should be together so at the very beginning of our marriage my mother gave doubts all through her put doubts all throughout Jenna's mind about me so she was always reserved and Jenna always had a part her her heart was always locked just because she said yes and she said no in every other way but But that certificate, I mean, I'm trying to think about how much I should say here, but I think I should just say it all.

Like, she wasn't a very sexually orientated person, or at least to me, she wasn't. So, you know, I'm asexual. Why am I asexual? um well i had a 10-year relationship where uh where my uh urges were were frowned upon and uh because she didn't ever want it and her she always had a headache and um and this goes back to well at least she says it goes back to pre-existing medical conditions but my friends keep saying is just because she didn't want me um but you know we live in this unhealthy state for so long like if she didn't want me why is uh why are we still together well i don't understand like um and i was told so many times that she she had i mean because i put her through uni and it was her turn to put me through uni um because i was only able to do part-time like all throughout or a lot throughout i mean i was full-time um through in certain stages but but i could never finish my degree because because she had i had to work her through uni and then it was my turn i was about to um to you know get that so i could go back and study finish my philosophy major which i haven't i mean you you know you know that story if you've been following along um but but then she she left before like she left right after she got her degree so she got her degree and then it was time for me to go and uh and she cut off all connections to uh like her parents were no longer my parents so uh she they wouldn't talk to me and neither would any of her friends um so i mean because i was inherited in it by all so so everybody was a friend of jenna's and then they became a friend of mine and and even though that's uh ten years um i'm still telling you that uh friendships uh when they're inherited uh i don't know if this is the case in every single scenario but but you should be cautious if they're inherited then they're likely going to remain on the side that uh that they begun on and i don't know why it became sides because i didn't want anything to be sides i just wanted us to all get along um but she knew that she was doing something that wasn't so nice so she had to figure out a way to uh to be okay with that and entirely cutting not only communication um with me but also everybody else's communication who I interact with um was the easiest way for her to cope um because that would mean that she wouldn't have to hear about me through other people. I don't know what MMORPG you're playing

but this is my game. He's there. He's right there. I don't usually get to see on the black wallabies. They're quite rare. I mean they're not rare they're just quite rare to catch on film

because they run away really quick let's see if I can get closer to it he's gonna run away he's run away how to support myself that really became the ultimate question um and because I wasn't given a free ride but I was given an advantage so I had to get a job and I went to Domino's and quickly became the best dough boy there and then they gave me all the dough jobs and I did them really well and really fast and created really awesome systems for them and while I did this I finished my year 11 and 12 and also got a certificate in technology so I could do things like this really but but I was really awesome with computers then anyway and and that tech certificate to technology information technology really gave me the really equipped me to be able to learn computers myself but but I got lots more qualifications after that after that I just started getting qualifications because they were so easy but never university the university that was always diplomas and certificates and stuff like that and I was always working on university while doing that so so I started to be able to and I was with Jenna and you know moving from her dad's to her mom's because that's how she lived because their parents were divorced and and they were okay with each other they're fine with each other and they had an arrangement and that arrangement uh seemed to work for them and um and through all this you know i'm i'm trying to figure out oh i just broke oh no no no it just snaps back in it's this little i'll show you this little thing this octopus thing um which is really cool i'm never this is all i'm going to use because the other ones are really hard especially out in the wilderness um so jenna uh then became kind of my whole world and this wasn't healthy but i didn't have anyone telling me not to and i didn't have anyone warning me of these things uh so it was ultimately a really difficult experience um but it was always difficult for me because i wasn't um taken very well by a lot of people some people loved me to death and other people really didn't like me reason and most people couldn't figure out why it was just something that they didn't like about me I guess it's because I'm so intense because and I'm so passionate and people don't people are usually timid of that and and and to be honest jealous but but I then you know I started getting into alcohol because this is my experience with alcohol I'm starting to you know grow up I guess and and and need these things because I you know I can't sleep what am I gonna do I can't sleep my mind's just you know right now right now right now what am I gonna do this second what am I gonna do this second what am I gonna do next second so like this is how my mind is always functioning is this second this second the second so but but I'm always thinking about the future of not next second but but seconds way way way down the track and and I'm always focused like this and then people think and then I make decisions that people think are really odd but if they just understood that this is how I think I'm trying to secure myself long term and the short term fixes really mean nothing to me because I'm always dealing with this second this second the second the second and and I need to employ methods to be able to not worry about any seconds ride it as the wave and and just coping with this second isn't good enough but but to be able to do to be able to cope with it but I had to take drugs I had to take drugs and and all of my drugs have always been dedicated to God like the time and it's always turned out really good results but at the end of the day alcohol is not good and it I wasn't a bad person on alcohol but it wasn't good for my marriage and there was you know a few years there that you know I was a borderline alcoholic I mean what is an alcoholic maybe I was an alcoholic I don't know I I just know that I struggled with it and I got so bad that I had to start brewing it and then I had to start distilling it and I had to do all that because I had to learn everything about the chemical and and and then all and then when actually while I'm quitting alcohol or actually before I quit alcohol or didn't didn't quit but but I like I stopped being bad with it and it probably a year or two after that is when when Jenna left me but it was it really strained it because sometimes I didn't say what I wanted to and I never I never said it in the way that she liked it so it was really hard to communicate and and even though I got off of it I really got off of it because of drugs and even though these drugs were illegal then it was still you know I'm going from one drug to the other but my mind's going I got to find the healthiest drug possible because all of this that that my life is going through this you know I have to get drunk I have to get drunk and not do it alone I have to get drunk alone so it's like there's there's something wrong there and and and it's not ultimately doing good for my health at all so I end up having to transition from pretty much alcohol to pot like substitutes and doing that you You know I'm happy with the person I am when I'm on pot or pot like substitutes, it's a beautiful drug and we should be allowed to utilize it, it's way better than alcohol. But I started to then like myself again or like myself on it, I didn't like myself on alcohol but I like myself on pot and the thing is most people can't even tell a difference with me now people can't even tell the difference between me if I'm no matter what I'm on people really pretty much never know because because I always act the same because I'm always thinking about what I'm doing so if there's inconsistencies in what I'm doing and then what where I was before and where I'm going you know there's something confused there and I do have you know manic states you know I'm always up and down and up and down But it's always the same, you know, it's always the same. And when I'm on pot, it levels me out. And to be honest, I want to kill myself.

I mean, look, I think about, you know, my life and no one, you know, how isolated I am, how alienated I am, how much people don't want me around and how much I bother to them. I think about that and I want to die. um so so then I go to pot and or pot like substitutes I mean there's a lot of legal stuff that's even better than pot um so so then I have to go to those to uh to not feel like I'm going to commit suicide and then when I when I the first time I won those after you know I didn't have it for a while then you know I look at everything I've done I go wow I've done so much this is crazy I'm so awesome I can't believe I did all this so I'm looking at what I just did and then they're okay well what am I gonna do next so I didn't create another venture so um but but I had to figure out what was the best drug possible and in order to find that you really got to figure out what it's doing to you and how you act differently when you're not on it and how other drugs change your perception and I'm not saying drugs are bad or even the chemical ones, pharmaceuticals, everything has a place. But drugs can help people. We're

given pot by Demeter, by beautiful Gaia. This has never been a problem in our past history. suddenly now it's a problem because well why because uh we got control issues um and then we have to restrict things that uh that interfere with those control issues and and that's what's happened um and we take a beautiful drug like pot and um and still it of of really it's uh Valor, that's what I'm going to say, because the pot is awesome, marijuana is such a beautiful plant, and if you can't see that, then you're being oppressive, because people should have the choice, I mean, we're not doing anything wrong by smoking it, and we're much better than you know alcoholics on the street and and i'm not saying that it's good to operate equipment while doing it but it's way better to to do that than um than on alcohol or anything else i mean why is alcohol illegal and pot not um so there's really a lot of questions with drugs that come up but but my whole life you know always got to find the drug got to find the drug remember that i was talking about one other child that over oxygenating of the brain uh cut cut your consciousness off and it goes somewhere it really goes somewhere um and and even though like some drugs like pot um might not do that i mean depending on how you take it might not do that every time um unless you do it in a certain way or you might not want to do it every time like that but the thing is it it's it's the journey like it's it's part of the same thing um you're you're You're disconnecting from your senses without any interference and then you're replacing it with some interference. And then you've got to determine whether that interference was a harmful or healthful bacteria.

Now we have an arrow rest for our mission and that's kind of what my time with Jenna was uh... like well it was a time of rest and um... and that's because i could always see what they were doing but her and her family and her friends and everybody was doing with their life they nobody is doing anything uh... they would all get together for special events and continue to do nothing uh...

and then come back together for special events and it was the same thing over and over again and there was like gossip within that and I wasn't feeling accepted by anybody because I wasn't being accepted by anybody. Everybody thought I was odd and that made it difficult but at the same time being with Jenna, that was the most stable time of my life. And I had job after job, really good job after really good job that allowed me to really express my brilliance because people recognized everywhere I went. people recognized my work and that was because I didn't only just do the work but I did it in such an interesting way it was very different from from what everybody else did so I was a unique person in the information technology field and and that kind of allowed me to start a career but the thing is that I knew that information technology was never where where I should end up I knew it was a means to do something that I had to do and and that's where my education came in and that's where after I finished high school it went to uni and i started doing computers because that was what you know i was so good at naturally um and uh and then got into internet and then got into politics and then got into physics uh or at least theoretical and then got into philosophy and went i mean went through psychology and all these other things like i went through so much in uni um trying to figure out what i was supposed to do and uh and philosophy ultimately led me to mythology because that's what i gotta do um and this these might be philosophical understandings i'm presenting to you but i'm presenting them to you in a mythological way because i think that's the the way that that philosophy uh needs to be taught uh because because it can be receptive as an entertainment source if we only figure it out right and i'm not saying i'm the best person at doing this but i'm very good at relating meaning within my world within the story so so I'm just giving an example of how we could do it and if we all did that with our own lives then then the people that should be stars will be so so I was doing that but but I want to say too is that see my mom at first used at first my move she she called me regularly and then it slowed down and then the thing is she didn't like what I had to say and she didn't like my life she was kind of scared of it she didn't she didn't like suffering and and she she's scared of suffering and now she doesn't even talk to me because of that and I hope maybe one day I will resolve that but I don't think I will because I can't even get in touch with her so where were we education we're talking about everything here but education was something that that was very difficult for me because I wanted to do everything and society isn't structured to allow people to do everything because they have to do one thing and if they want to do more than one thing then then they're not going to be accepted into into any of the systems that are set up because the systems are are only structured for particular types of people oh but like my parents that's where I was my mother not communicating with me so I started to get into I had to figure out how I was going to continue contact with my family and that got me into videos and I made videos from a very young age. Why am I making this video right now? Because I started

making videos to try to keep in contact with my family. And they were originally structured to my family members. But the thing is they weren't watching them. They wouldn't watch them. So even though I would create videos directly to my family members hoping that

they would reciprocate but they never did. This is the way that I, the only way I knew how to communicate like it was better than writing no one would would read my writing um or communicate by writing so i didn't know what to do um so then i start you know instead of it being my family it's to it's really to the invisible people that don't exist and um and it keeps me going um because this is this right here is my only friend and and i think i do wonderful and amazing things with this friend and it's enabled me to learn. Like you don't understand that what I have right here is a learning device and it's the most powerful one we have if we only learn how to learn. We have to learn how to learn.

We have to learn how to utilize it. We have to learn how to think about it. We have to learn how we're going to relate with it. We're going to have to learn how to convey messages with it and we're going to have to learn how to get along with it on the internet and get along with each other on the internet using this these types of media portrayals um so ultimately I mean I've talked too much in I know I'm gonna get around to everything for this production because this production really needs to give you a grasp of who I am and I know I'm gonna use my battery very quickly tonight um but I'm trying to come to the camera right now with a with thoughts that that will be a that will lead to a chain reaction of other thoughts on so we can get some of these issues out here and a and coming to Australia you gotta remember as well as I was in a completely different culture and I didn't understand like anything it was all weird to me because I grew up so different to to that on so this this is I'm so different to everybody I was different everybody in America and now i'm really different everybody because i'm not just weird but i'm weird and and don't understand the culture so it's like why do i study meaning and culture and messages and how to articulate an abstraction when those abstractions aren't commonly shared throughout different um throughout different uh really lifestyles that's really really uh what I'm trying to say so ultimately we can if we if we just learn about each other and and I'm giving you a way to do it for all of us to learn about each other then we can go beyond the follies and that's my version of this don't forget these want to know the secret that I figured out I'll tell you I'll tell you the secret that I figured out and and I'm not saying what I'm about to do is the secret but but what I'm about to do leads to the secret or or has led me to the secret okay so you have this person who is could trying to convey meaning his whole life and in as many formats as possible and and why well I noticed from a very young age that when I can convey meaning and position it position those thoughts in a certain way and and and then put place reminders all throughout my life about about these these topics that I have come to to know to be very very important then then I become a really awesome person because I start ingraining subjects into my psychology because and I always you always come back to you know where you struggled with and then you learn more about it so by me conveying my thoughts in this method right now see I'm going to study over this I'm good well first I'm gonna have to produce it I'm gonna have to produce it really well so there's probably gonna be two edits of a production and then then there's going so I got to go through twice there and then I got to study it and and then I gotta after I study it then I'm gonna release it and then I gotta study it more and figure out what I was saying and what I need to say next to build off what I've been saying all along and then the thing is that every single thing I've done I have to go back to and study like there's always a time ago whoa and I gotta study it and I go this is how I was thinking this is what I thought this is what I thought that and then the and then I click you know as a human being I click over to more than a human being because I carefully placed those thoughts there before to come back to so I could remember what I was doing and why I was doing it so then you know I'm building character here I'm ingraining these thoughts into my psychology and then that allows me to become a brilliant person because of it and ad-lib conversation and what I'm doing now yes it's much faster and I figured out this that that i could uh put put thoughts uh if i was careful enough i could put thoughts um into like a formula um which would educate me the best and um and this is the formula that that you're getting right now and and you know i say this is only for one person but this is for two people because this is for me because i got to study it and then you're going to study it and then and then i'm study you and then you're gonna study me and we're all gonna and we're gonna and we're gonna live together and we're gonna be really really happy because when you have two people putting putting these awesome energies back into each other then those two people really open up all of their possibilities I'm going back down the mountain again because I'm just getting started on these subjects and i know i'm going to need more battery for tonight um but the the fact of the matter is is i was um kind of abandoned and i know people say that i'm the one that made the choices and i did make those choices but but can you see that you have this child who's always struggled um with his emotions really and and he's not uh he's not getting really along in life and and then he he's torn between um two halves of a family and and then has i think it's uh and then really leaves the both those halves because they both didn't work out and and then as a result uh ends up in australia uh without anybody that's support for him um so we gotta ask you know what are we doing here um if if a child's screaming then why are we not uh doing something about it um if if the call is there then how come nobody was able to answer it because i've had a call out all throughout my whole life and um and there was obviously things that society could not provide for that i needed and i didn't know how else to get them um so so what do i do you know security i seek security because i don't know what to do because you know i haven't experienced homelessness before i don't know what that's like um so i end up clinging to a family and it's like uh so what is that family to to to me who are they and and how do they feel about me and and uh and then how what about my my ex-wife how how does she feel about me who was my wife at the time or even my girlfriend and and always you know uh it was it's too it's difficult uh yeah i can be charming and uh but at the end of the day are you really comfortable with me i don't know um and we're not open um because you know i've always had a mind i've always had a really confused mind and and not just that i was able to always you know put theory into practice every single time like look i'm here with my left hand let's let's aim at something and you know who's who is really good with with the sphere like uh we're talking you know greek conceptions when someone learns how to do something um and then you ingrain that into their psychology then you know they can repeat it again and again and again and if not every time almost every single time or at least very close to the dot where they put it and i'm telling you that that you know just because i'm a different type of person um that's not that's not cool for you for you to uh to treat me like i'm what mentally inadequate or ill-equipped or or below your level um and and i'm i am i'm really confused with culture um and some people have called me more culture but but i don't think i got any culture and to be honest the word culture kind of scares me and i'm not sure how i feel about it because when you got culture you got oppressions and uh and and it's like how how do they deal with those oppressions and how are they dealing with them now um because they're all still very you know alive in our our society um so all of these questions are really really haunting me and and no one's caring you know i'm a really really gifted individual and if people would just uh let me let me be who i am um and and not you know everybody was always so weird around me um and sometimes i said weird things and i was always testing the water and to be honest i never trusted anybody um i lost my trust over the years towards everybody and now i you know i trust everybody but only trust everybody because zeus tells me to and and i know it's stupid for me to do it i shouldn't trust anybody i mean my experience um i should i i shouldn't trust anybody but the thing is i do but but you know deep down i don't my heart is still not trusting of anybody even though i'll give them everything i'll expect uh for them to screw me over and most of the time that proves correct um but that's okay because i plan for that anyway um and it's so funny when it happens because that means i can plan around my productions and uh and do things the way that i like to and and that's why do i not work well in teams why has why is this a one-man operation um well that's because um i don't work well in teams and that's because i like to throw a lot of controversial issues out there and what do teams do well they need to uh they need to to regulate uh material and and they need to talk about what you're really going to do because because what you're really going to do is what you know the compromise of everybody is and i couldn't function like that um and it's like well i why can't i just do independent work and then whoever wants to be to do my work but then independent work no one cares about independent work so it's like you know that I get missed and the thing is I'm going to get found one day people are going to realize uh what I've done and and I don't care you know this is going to happen sometime or another um and when it does I'm prepared uh for that but at the end of the day doesn't care i don't care you know look i i am the guy in so many of your storybooks um in in the flesh and blood um so if if you when you decide to read some of those throughout your life or remember them from told from your your fairy tales um you'll be thinking of me so you're gonna all think of me a lot and even if you don't if you don't think you're thinking of me uh you really are uh and then my pride gets in the way and and that's why i had to put that on the altar um because because i do all this and you all hate me and i'm only doing what i'm told to do and i know that i'm doing the right thing and i know what you're saying is wrong um but but i have to figure i've had to employ methods to be able to think like i do and i go i want to think like this and and you're oppressing me to not want me to think like this but i want to anyway so how am i going to do it let's let's inflate that ego and and i've prayed many many hours about this and and if you look at my work you know with the like it's it's it's a lot of it's trying to overcome the ego um but i get in i get in um i i do i kind of i kind of have delusions of grandeur and and i'm kind of okay with that and um and i'm i'm quite the narcissist in at least many ways but but a lot of people really are um but but i'm not really the narcissist in the way that other people are not are narcissistic so um i don't know i do love myself because i do all of this when you tell me not to um but but at the end of the day i'm gonna win many awards and and whatever you say uh is really it's really not of my concern um i'm just giving you what i'm told to give you and and ultimately is to give uh like i told you before to me to study uh which will also give to my my other half and the thing is my other half is going to end up doing the exact same that i'm the thing that i'm doing and and her psychology is going to be on the web so we're going to have uh two people um that have open sourced their hearts and uh whether you like this is my mission i have to do it i'm going to do it um it's going to happen one way or another uh and having two people who have been open sourced their entire hearts minds and bodies um then then you're going to uh the whole world uh will will know we'll know what's happened and um and i'm gonna make sure that's happened that happens and so so is this really um just just for me and her and god i mean is it that it's from the outside in that's how it always goes um you have to go outside in inside out so you have to start from the beginning and and sometimes you have to realize that that you made a mistake and and you have to turn back I'll give you a hint that stick thing that I was showing you hitting the rocks just with swinging your body and walking and striking actually quite strongly naturally I just started learning that this morning so there's a little hint on how you can You can train yourself and from the past training you've done so many things become so easy and the thing is right now I got access to musical instruments and I'm combining everything that I've learned over the years and like most of you know I'm being very careful about how I release my musical career because I got a big one ahead of me.

Good try. I have to do it the other way. these guys like the rabbit trap do they they like the rabbit trap kill the rabbits

let's go on an adventure for a new powerpoint the closest one that i can find to my camp shadow disappears when the light goes away this journey might be grid power but our next will be from Apollo Jenna gave me stability and I really wanted that and I still want that but one who has no one in their life or hardly anybody in their life uh isn't ever going to be a stable person so and i guess i wasn't really i mean compared to now uh yeah i was stable but but before i wasn't really stable when i was with her either because my emotions jumped up and down all the time um but i did learn how to use those emotions for my benefit but it's still like everywhere I cause chaos and it always gets worse before it gets good um around me it's so it's always bad and then before people can see the good um but I kind of like chaos too and I kind of like stirring people that uh that are ignorant, because if I can do that, if I can plant seeds, whether they like me or not, is ultimately irrelevant. Doing all of this, I had very infused memories laid out to you about my childhood, and there's a lot more, of course there's a lot more, but I'm trying to give you very important ones um and i've been trying to think about those ones with my ex-wife but i'm going to be honest with you there wasn't many moments that i shared with her but the thing is i always wanted those moments but the fact of the matter is that they they're not there so i remember sort of what I did but but being with her sort of made life just you know be and I couldn't do that I had to interact um so it was just like a flood a river maybe it was just like uh and nothing was being done and I was part of I guess the erosion over time but I was such a small part, and I looked at my materials within my environment and found that I could be so much bigger of a part, but that ultimately isn't the life that Jenna wanted. So that caused conflictions there, too. Really, we were too young to understand that we weren't compatible. Ultimately that was the problem with our relationship and the way she coped

was by avoiding me and the way that I coped with her avoiding me is by turning within and really learning everything I can about myself because I think if I can learn everything about myself and how I understand the world then I can pretty much learn anything I want about the world. I'm trying to think of memories that really stuck out with me and Jenna and going over this points something out to me um thinking about this and trying to put these thoughts um about my time with jenna into an organized fashion um i didn't really have a lot of great times with her um she was very interested in making fun of really the trivial um the menial things in life and she liked those things and I was more interested in meaning and how to create and develop that meaning. So we were living two different lifestyles or at least trying to live two different lifestyles and that conflicted. But the ultimate reason at the end of the day for our relationship not working is because the person that I needed to be was a superhuman, I needed to be an X-Man.

And then the question came up, you know, how am I to be an X-Man? And what is an X-Man? What is this genetically altered human? And is a genetically altered human, or a technology altered human?

We could look at it in many different ways, but how is one to become a superhuman? And this is a very hard question because we got so many things in our environment and everybody thinks so differently. And I needed to become a superhuman because that was my destiny. And Jenna didn't, I wanted it to be her destiny, but she didn't want it to be her destiny.

Which is okay. left for a reason everything happened for a reason but the technology how are we going to use it and how are we going to implement structures of you know what we use physical manifestations for how are we going to implement that on the internet in a way that really really takes away the need for organizations like like this puts it back in the hands of the public puts it back in the hands of the public what is it what is it and I guess really what it is is power and and what is power currently what is power so I mean what I got was that power or or is is where i am power so is this university um is that power what about the stars here we got a lot of constellations let me get my phone out and uh i'll show you what's out tonight there's quite a few beautiful constellations out tonight and i'm learning i'm learning them pretty well i mean why don't we learn these uh these things in in school why can't why don't we know where we are in the universe why aren't these uh Zeus is covering some areas yeah this is I learned Karina Karina I learned Karina but but that Zeus is covering them right now and I learned Bella always known Crocs or always I've known Crocs for a while I've known crux maybe maybe Jenna taught me crux but but it wasn't crux it was I think the southern cross how much power do these guys have let's identify polyphemus our cyclops how much power do these guys have but how much power will these guys have. Oh Jenna, I really didn't want to portray you badly in this but to beautify cruelty is a very difficult task. Jenna was my world and everything revolved around her but she didn't want that. She thought romance to be cheesy

and I thought romance to be everything I wanted her to love me I wanted her to be obsessed with me like I was with her and the reason why I was obsessed with her is because I think that's my highest conception of love and and I have to be that person no matter what so if she's not reciprocating then I should have found that out long ago. Now I would like to elaborate on, I'm going to say it, my first and second marriage. And my first marriage was when I was five years old. And that was when I walked Debbie down the aisle. I told you a little bit, like right when we met,

she asked me to marry her. And of course I've said yes straight away because I could tell she was I knew exactly who she was and one doesn't pass up an opportunity like that so and I meant my words when I said I do and and then and then we kissed we kissed we kissed lips just lips it was just a peck but but I meant those words and I meant that kiss and and I'm gonna tell you you know this is hard to say this but the thing is is when when Jenna walked down that aisle um I saw Debbie I said I mean this is what happened I got like this is I guess this is my character because this is what happened but but I saw Debbie I saw Debbie and and and I I need I needed Debbie and um and and throughout you know like throughout the vows and everything my mind kept going back to Debbie and and I was hoping that Jenna was my Debbie but but that's not that wasn't the case at all and and I was just too young to see that and I didn't And, you know, I thought people could grow together better than we did. So trying to beautify the ugly without being cruel. I mean, I'll continue to talk about Jenna.

But I'm going to really try my best not to be upset. Because, I mean, I'm bitter. I'm bitter about so many things. I'm bitter.

I'm a bitter person. and uh and that's not good um but the thing is i'm justifiably bitter i got re like there's good reasons for me not to trust people there's good reasons um why i'm bitter um the situations i ended up with in that weren't my fault um that that makes me really bitter like i don't i don't think I should be in the situation I am in. I think I should be accepted for who I am without having to worry about trying to survive. I struggle asking for money. It's hard. It's

really hard. Even in a job situation, I don't want anybody's money. I want relationships and i want love and uh and and when i'm in a job situation that doesn't help so tired tired of doing all this but i'm i'm almost done i'm almost done what power do these guys have what about these guys what game are you playing hey hey there so my ex-wife and i guess friends um always having uh weird friends like the ones that weren't you know related to Jenna were always weird and I like weird people but but a lot of times weird like weird people is is what I'm attracted to but most of the time weird people haven't dealt with their problems right and there's a whole load of problems with weird people and uh and ultimately people just not uh wanting to to talk about the important issues in life and uh and that that screwed me around so i mean i started manipulating things i knew that uh the more i played around with things the more i would be able to get what i wanted and i saw that over time if i did that then um then i would get what i wanted and even though it took a long time uh i would still end up getting it or not but it's worth trying anyway um so i'm not where i need to be so i need to figure out where i need to be how do i figure out where i need to be because no one's answering no one's responding um so that's to find the discipline in which you are meant to be and eventually i found philosophy but then i noticed that everybody's the same see what i was trying to find the discipline so then i could find the people so then i could develop personal relationships with those people but but And they divide personal and professional. So what they're doing is a professional level and they don't want anything to do with personal.

And I want a personal connection because I don't have anyone in my life and the people I want in my life are the people that are interested in these subjects. But they don't want that. So what are we doing? are we dividing this personal and professional especially when the types of like us having different fields opens up us being able to find very unique different types of people and if we're not utilizing that to expand our social network then then we're not utilizing Vulcan's gifts and that's what we're gonna be that's what that's what we got to do we got to set up the the work bench of Vulcan and do what we can to broadcast ourselves to the world to find the few types of people who don't do this who actually care about the topics that they study and not only just uh just study and then divide themselves from what they study uh and that's a big thing for me i don't i don't want uh to divide what i study for myself i gotta relate that information with my own life otherwise i don't have any of this so uh so if you want to if you want to get to this you gotta learn how to get to this and when you get to all of those and then you get to there. And then you have people like this that will hang out with you then. So how do you make

moments with other living creatures? Cheap, but on. Let's use it. This guy, what are you? You're tiny.

Hey, come here. I want to see you. I don't want to hurt you. I just want to see you.

I have a white undertone. Where'd you go? I'll find you. I'll get some good footage of you.

This guy's so weird. He jumps really quick. Where'd he go? Where'd he jump to?

I'm just trying to get a look at you, dude. Don't mean any harm. Always longing for Diana. But when she comes out, she's breathtaking.

And the wait was well worth it every single time. This won't stop. It's been happening probably for a month. Just stalkers. I'm not going to amuse them.

But I've got to figure out a way to deal with these types of people. And I've always had to deal with these types of people, but now they're coming in large amounts. And I'm telling you, it's not just one person. There's lots of different people.

Because my number's public. And people think it's funny to do things like this to people like me. And I'm not. I mean, I can't.

not have my information out there. I'm trying to do something. I'm in the Google directory and everything. Why are people doing this? We're so sick.

What must one do to ingrain the lessons of life in their psychology? That depends on how deeply you would like to burn in the subjects and

the actions that you take to do that and

and the the the ways that you choose to capture and portray that will result in and and uh in what is burned into your psychology um so whatever it is that you do what you spend your time on and what you follow um and how you follow that that's going to be what will uh produce your character um and and if see these are all tattoos these are all tattoos and and you can tell see these these posters all cost me to put up so you can tell them most important ones too like eventually all these will have posters but uh but you see those three those are big courses those are huge that right there what what is on the screen right now um it is huge amazingly huge that's three full comprehensive courses and then and then see so we got the uh less of a priority less of a priority okay and then we got over here um because a lot of important stuff started to happen you know less of a priority didn't really matter too much and that started a lot you know and what I chose to have posters I really did extreme things to to get that I mean these are all crazy journeys and and anyone can choose to to watch or not so if you don't like my stuff then then move on to to the next meaning of portrayal I mean like I keep saying this stuff is for two people and you know ultimately it's gonna be for a lot more but but but I'm only intending it for two people and and that way ultimately by me only I don't I don't have to care what you say um by me only having an audience of two people i don't have to care what you say and and i think that might help a lot of people um but i don't care anyway like if i only if i only find my other then that it's done its purpose and that's what all of this is for sing this lullaby to yourself sing this lullaby to yourself because you none of you realize that I'm trying to help you understand each of those productions, every single one of them that is on that board that I showed you, and more, and way more. Every single one, like, they're going to follow me around, they're going to haunt me, I'm going to have to live the consequences of them again, and again, and again, for the rest of my life. and because I did really crazy things and and eventually people are going to find out and and every time new people find out then I gotta live it again and again and again so I don't know now that I've mentioned it maybe I have set up my own destruction but I got a pretty good filter because you have to get through me talking to realize what I'm doing in the background so I'll do it society I'll be the crazy guy that all of you don't understand it can make fun of ah ha so funny and hopefully out of this I'll get the one just the one that I'm trying to get see it's just a crazy guy don't look at background conditions no oh no don't do that my ex-wife was awesome because she demonstrated very clearly to me everything that I did not want in my life over a period of 10 years thank you girl for doing that for me so I could either kill myself or live live my truth one or the other oh you okay you okay is that good yeah yummy yummy yeah uh come here come here and make it stay before you this is the coolest open source possum in the world I call this guy homie is it but I call homie because he's the first guy that that moved in here and that one is it that one followed I'm not sure how well you can see that one but homie will come back here here homie come here here you go homie it's a beautiful night isn't it it is it's a really beautiful night have you looked at the city and the clouds Zeus and the heart heart and heart your friends been looking at the moon i mean trying to look at the moon there's no moon tonight but but remember that time we hung out up there looking at the moon together yeah i don't know what to call this guy we'll think of a name we'll think of a good name

you gotta grab a little bit you bit you bit it's a beautiful night it's really beautiful Why don't we turn around, we can see the city. Right here, right here, right here. This focus is so dodgy on this camera. The autofocus, it's been acting up.

You don't care, dude. You know, that dude ate all your beans last night and the night before. So, I don't know, I don't think, I think you need to set that dude straight. Or maybe that's your partner, maybe that's your girl.

what do you see what do you see what do you see tail wagon what's out there there's something out there what do you think's out there what do you think's out there i'm so blind so blind here i'll give you one more here i don't know how i feel about you guys crawling on me so i don't know don't do that how do you make a moment how do you make a moment the camera the tour with my heart and see I can quickly I figure out how to quickly go to the menu and then do the focus but see by the time I get there it does the focus anyway so it's kind of stupid but sometimes I have to zoom in and out to get it oh how do you make a moment how do you make a moment with human beings That's a harder question. See you got a whole angle like if you use your whole lens you can capture You can put important stuff in most of the frame and that's pretty cool Like you say see how I can spin it around and capture in different aspects What's happening? He's pretty amazing. We all would have made that noise while chewing so it's from the throat. I gotta try it from the throat. Maybe that's my problem. I keep

trying it from my voice box. I'll try it from the throat one day. Okay, let's try it, let's try it. I think I gotta get in a certain way. Alright, here we go. Okay, so let's get manual

exposure and turn it down that's not right okay let's do auto exposure let's change the focus

manual and then right there i need practice oh you want to try you're gonna try you're gonna try

it's over there it's over there it's over there no it's over here what are you looking at okay okay okay hey hey hey hey hey hey yeah that's all I got for you so your your friend had the baked beans and you can have the crackers I think you got a better deal though homie oh you're so cute I'm just gonna and I'm gonna release all of this because that's what i do i'm a documentary filmmaker and and i document things and i'm documenting homie right now if you got a problem with it then stuff it um and i'm going to release all this footage to you um because it's all good footage and you can sway any of this footage in many different ways um so so do that and make your own stories instead of instead of being brainwashed by the stories that our current media portrays. I want to ask every single one of you a serious question. And I don't require an answer, but I think you should really require an answer. But who is lonelier, me or you?

Just make sure you take into account my entire life and not just this scene. So who's lonelier, who's lonelier, that's a good question. And maybe you got the humans, but I got an army. And we always give our guests water.

Okay so this one, this is the one that was at the beginning, the one that was up in the tree that whole time, right above us. That one's called Darling, and this one, that's the one that was just drinking just a second ago. That one's called Homie. Homie. Homie and Darling. They're good companions right

now. I always get different companions. It's really funny because I've just realized that these two guys aren't friends. They're really kind of scared of each other and not sure of each other. They're both coming from different parts of life, different paths of life, and

just kind of confused to each other are and and not sure what to think about about each other I'm getting some good the focus is so bad like at night this camera is just not a performer at night will they come together what are they doing what are they doing I'll keep you posted I don't got a lot of them left on this camera i'm so bad with this i'm so bad with it oh what is he doing his homie darling who she's coming you gonna come darling she's coming come on she's there darling i don't know if it i think this is maybe a female kind of acts like a female this kind of acts like a male hey who are you What are you guys going to do? What are you guys going to do? The camera is so terrible. Nothing left.

Nothing left. Not interested in each other? You're not going to like touch noses? Or something?

Not going to even notice each other? Like seriously. Come on. Be friends.

He's going to go away. Where did you go to? He's just behind a tree. hanging around here together then you'll be friends eventually so let's just see how time takes us my new family you're a third one i think because you're not the smallest one but you're not the biggest one you're the no no no more no more no i'm not giving you any more always give you water always give you water you can play with like screens okay so that's how it looks when it's like that but then you know see like depending on the focus our friends get taken away and the thing is you see that looks huge but this is so fine look at that look at that look how fine yes sorry I got dirty fingernails oh look at that that's terrible uh crap man there's like uh there's like five at least five possums out tonight maybe six and they keep doing that like I'm telling you all of them friends, all of my friends. What you doing? Jumping on my tent? I'm trying to sleep. I need you jumping on my tent. Oh really? I didn't open it. This guy's jumping on my tent. I don't got any food. Nope. Nope. Nope. No food. No food. Ah. Nope. Nope. Nope. Stop. No. Go away. Go sleep.

Leave me alone.

I am sorry, world.

But this is how I do it.

Ooh, fucked up.

Ooh, reboot.

Who am I? Who was I?

Where am I going?

Why am I here?

What happened at that moment? I was gone. but then I came back and then I had to recompose the life in front of my eyes and its relational qualities to my environment and what I am doing within it that moment standing as a perfect being who could not want to be anywhere else but is there for a second only the drugs the chase for the beautiful for it is there that you are the most perfect human being and those who do not have a disruption from this sway of things end up living out the lives that everybody wants them to and i will think in depth how i can become that perfect human being and I will forever strive and I will always remember and even though it slips away from time to time never forget that you can't fly did I say that right I probably screwed it up but there's only one take in life and we have to make it the best we can. And that's around those who can fulfill every single one of our hearts most passionate desires. And the most meaningful thing in life is to fill that life with ones

around you that care about you for the person that you are. Not just your material body, what you have to contribute to the world and appreciate you for being that person and that is the end of this one journey but life is always filled with these moments whether it come from a chemical or not.

It's that lightbulb moment when we are forced to question our own value judgments and then link things together and realize where we went wrong in the past. And as long as we keep doing this, we're forever developing as people. and uh when we stop doing this uh questioning what it is that we're doing because why are we doing it if we don't know why we're doing it um so that's that's how we remember our happy thoughts or that's how i remember my happy thoughts and uh and make sure uh once you remember that you can't fly, then that's when you can never fly again. So what manifestations of those happy thoughts in the world come to be from whoever has their own unique happy thoughts. And we'll come

to see you know what everybody um as people who they are their characters and that's what we should be looking at within these media structures uh this is i'm gonna have to integrate this somehow into the film but this was kind of out of the ordinary and i just wanted to be up front about everything and um and that's that's how you get a person like me or that's how really a person like me copes with my own going-ons in my head. And it helps me continue to do what I want. Because every time I do it, I'm trying to open my perspectives, widen my understandings. So it helps me with what I do. And I can portray these meanings in any way that I want. And

I don't I'm never saying or I rarely say this or that, but I question

Yeah, push it down. Yeah, screw it up. Yeah, man

Oh We're getting this on footage

Remember breathe out before you breathe in man. Make sure you do that Yeah, I slip, man. Shit. You still got something in there? Shit.

Oh, he's coming back from war. Oh. Drank the water. He drinks the water. Oh.

I hate to be like, put a ping-pong ball in there. It's like, what? Don't know how to do it. Quality.

How was it? Good. Quality, 240 by 320. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



07-1984-Book-27-XXVII-Appeal-2-Mother-Arete

Today, I gained an hour of time by being in the zone.

When I was young, probably about three or four, it had just snowed, and we lived on a big hill. and my mother thought it would be amusing if um if I were to slide under the car um on with cardboard there was cardboard and if I was to use that cardboard to slide on the snow under the car it would be awesome for a little kid to do that but unfortunately after she did the trick um my nose was a little bit too long and my face and it just got blood everywhere i was at the bottom of the hill bleeding and crying and i remember that a lot and this happened around the same time within a week i'm not sure if it was before or after um i think it was after but of my mother uh we had this bike and and we went on bike rides and I was in the back of it so it's a seat and and just down that hill to the left um she had fallen off um because she lost balance um going down the hill and I was on the back and and I got hurt there too uh so there was multiple times in a short period of time that I started to lose trust in my mother.

Around the ages of seven or eight, I had this rifle gun thing. It was a toy, and it cocked. It's like, and it goes bang, it goes bang, and it kicks back. But it was broken, and I was playing around with it, even though it was broken.

And I was doing that in the bathroom, and it coughed back, and it scratched the mirror. And my brother was there, and he saw it. So he then proceeded to blackmail me for around the next year,

saying that, do this or I'll tell Mom and Dad that you scratched the mirror. So I became his slave for about a year with him doing that. And he did stuff like, turn off the lights or I'll tell Mom and Dad you scratch the mirror.

And then he would also give me the dishes or I'll tell Mom and Dad you scratch the mirror. and this wasn't uncommon for him because uh he he when i was younger even he used to like roll around on the floor and go wendell i'm dying i'm dying and you gotta the only way that i'm going to be healed is is if you clean up the room or if you do this for me and i was always gullible and i didn't want anybody to die i wanted everybody to exist happily um so i got taken advantage of a lot um by not just my brother but other people because other people saw that and even though i knew that they were faking it i wanted them to be happy uh so eventually i just couldn't take it anymore and i had to go to my parents and i went i went to my mom and dad i said i said mom dad i scratched the mirror and they were like uh then they then we talked about about what happened and about how long uh this was happening and blackmailing and stuff and no one ended up getting punishment for that but that didn't do good on my psychology that was over a long period of time i mean things like beatings and stuff like that does have have very little impact like long term for me at least it's these things that we do again and again and again that really affect me. I do have a good memory though with my brother and that was we used to make each other food and we would do like restaurant so we would have a menu and and we could order certain things and sometimes we did special orders and it was the fun little game where we both ended up getting to eat and also getting to serve others at the same time. Hello, Apollo!

And then we enter the chaos! Too much going on! Too much! How can I comprehend it all?

Let's visit the cafe of my heart. Before we do what we have to do to survive. My brother Ricky and me used to always play games. He would like to make stories up, but he always won those stories that we could participate and in real life he goes let's do this and and you know action figures and superheroes and guns and toys and stuff like that he would always take the initiative to to uh make games up i mean i would just follow along but as a result of him doing that he always won but that was okay i didn't care i wasn't playing to win he was playing to win i was just playing to uh to have mine with my brother. We always have to find a place to render our thoughts. For our life

has always and will always revolve around the fire that Prometheus provided, which we can utilize and harness with the tools of Vulcan. All that is un-home-like in the future, and whatever maketh the stray bird shiver, is verily more home-like and familiar than your reality for thus speak ye real are we holy and without faith and superstition thus do ye plume yourselves alas even without plumes one time i was at gymnastics uh would have been probably six and uh and i walked into the bathroom um it was unlocked uh and it means one of those small one uh one person bathrooms uh but i walked in it was unlocked and there was this little girl there sitting taking a poo and and i just laughed and i just i just laughed and i ran out um but then i told my brother that this happened and then when my parents came to pick us up um Um, my parents were told that I laughed at a girl for pooping, uh, and not locking the door, really. Uh, and I got in a lot of trouble for that, and when I got home, um, both my Mickey Mouse lamp and my butt got really, really tore up. Uh, that's probably the, the worst beating from my father that I can remember.

my brother used to keep his friends away from me because he didn't want his friends to be friends with me and it kind of sucked because I didn't have any friends but but I was always well known so I would get periods where people would hang out with me and a lot of times get obsessed with me but then they would go and then it would just continue like that school after school after school after school

i was so confused everybody was teaching me something different so i just shut off i didn't care um but i naturally made a's and b's without doing anything but my education was always with relationships and and trying to learn how to develop who I am and not conform to any particular system so even though I did well every time I moved to a different school and people be impressed with me because you know everywhere I went I carried along my skills that I kept developing never stopped so I was I was very prepared to just forget about it all and just do what they told me to do until university but that's later that's a later story and that education system didn't care about me and that was every single one I went to which is tons lots and lots moved a lot moved a lot um so I stopped caring about it uh but but that's not cool like I didn't know anywhere else to go to get help with these topics uh from a personal perspective because these are the topics that are important and just because I take them personally and contrast them with my own life doesn't make me any less academic than any have those other scholars so we really got to look at what we're dealing with that you have a student that you failed and this student is trying his best to show you how you can can teach people like him and and I'm not just one-off like there will be others like me and not only that there's a lot of people in between so so what I'm giving you will ultimately help all of you so much just by me over overcoming my own struggles will enable a lot of people to overcome their struggles asked and asked for water but no one including my parents the government any education system or any people around were interested my cup floweth over but society only understood wine hey Wendell why are you so upset with society it's because I've spent my entire life looking for good people that I could call my friends and I've told everybody this along the way so everybody knows that I'm searching for good people and there's no one out there that is up for the task but Wendell we live in such a hard world there's no way that we can possibly do or be the people that you're proposing if that's the case I have no equals but Persephone's decay will change the season my parents dealt with crying by locking me in a room by myself until I stopped so I have one memory of this really good really long time but that happened on a consistent basis. They think I care. Checking wind. Oh, it's going to go against me. So what's the best place to... Oh, we can stay there for now. We can stay

there for now. It'll be just another prop. My father was very quiet. He was very reserved with his emotions, and he stayed in his study most of the time, where he worked on whatever projects he was working on, which he had a big library, and we could go in there every once in a while, but most of the time we couldn't. And my mother worked at night, so she slept

all weird hours, and I was staying up the whole time, or most of the time, like pretty much between two and six hours is what I usually get per night, and that's been constant. Sometimes I'll get more, and sometimes I'll get a lot more to catch up, but usually it's around, to be like, last few years it's been around the two hour mark pretty consistently, And that can sometimes be divided up in the day. And this sort of messed around with my mind because, and I saw it because everybody else, you know, they go from, you know, sleep to wake and then Apollo and it starts their day. It's a new day to them.

And for me, like, the clock is always going around and you can see that everywhere we go and when we go. So this time frame is one to me and it's two to everybody else. So I'm a polyphasic sleeper and everybody else is biphasic, I think. Not biphasic, that's two sleeps.

Monophasic, everybody else is monophasic, or most everybody else. and being polyphasic you're just sleeping at odd hours and I need to talk about this because this is very important because this happened since the beginning so let's go into dreams we're talking about sleep let's talk about dreams since I didn't get a lot of sleep whenever I did sleep I would have very very vivid dreams and they would go for long long periods of time and and when i say long long periods of time sometimes i'm talking thousands of years uh and that's what it felt like to me and right when i wake up i can remember it all and then it starts to get fazier and fazier uh fuzzier and fuzzier fazier it starts to fade um but but i can still retain a lot of it with some dreams and and some dreams i lose all of it uh but but when i wake up i knew i know i know and and i remember it and and the thing is that these dreams are always structured very similarly um which i'm i'm a superhero i'm i'm i'm either a superhero i'm some type of hero and i'm doing something to save the world and it takes a long long time and sometimes i'm i'm in weird environments sometimes and and we're not limited to you know normal life uh we uh so i'm i'm a hero doing something big and and the thing is any hero that does something big has to suffer for a long time uh until until they manage to to overcome the mountain uh so so that's what i uh i've always been like that that's why i've always been directed towards being a superhero because because my mind is inclined like that because my dreams always tell me to be that. And this caused my dreams also to be very scary. I have very, very scary dreams and I die a lot in my dreams. Being a hero doesn't mean that I actually

succeed. I fail a lot in my dreams. Sometimes I succeed in the mission that I was trying to carry out, which varies all the time. But I get captured a lot. And then these years

of being imprisoned under terrible circumstances, ingrained in the psychology and very, very vivid when you wake up and in like a distant memory as the day passes, it gears you in a certain way. So I go into REM sleep straight away, and when my brain turns off, whenever that happens, I'm in an awesome world, because my environment isn't limited to ... I'm not limited within my environment. So I'm like a god in my dreams. I lucid dream. I had to develop to be able

to realize that I'm in a dream. But once I realize it, then I can produce awesome stuff and I can do really whatever I want if I only learn how and play around with it. And it's like to fly, I can't just boom and fly. You have to run and you have to jump and you have to die you have to fall off cliff you have to jump off cliffs and then not make it and then learn you know like and then sometimes it's not foolproof so sometimes that's going to happen anyway like sometimes even though you know you're gonna you know how to fly um eventually one day you're gonna do it and it's not gonna work and then you're gonna have to you're gonna wake up you know right when you die you wake up um you go oh shit uh that was weird but to be honest like this happening again and again. I don't fear death at all. I don't care. Like, I've lived so much

life. I'm content with the life that I've lived. I'm happy to live this life out if I can figure out how to be happy. But I've been given so much, and whether it was real or imaginary is irrelevant because it's in my psychology. So if it's in my psychology, if it's there, then it's a part of

I am um and I couldn't talk about this stuff like people don't you talk about what happens with you you know hey I'm a patient uh I mean if you want to look at it like that uh hey I'm a patient uh I'm having this and this and this weird thing happening you know and they go what that's that can't be nobody's like that and then they don't believe you until until like it blows up and it blows up every, it blows, you've seen me explode so many times, and even though I find the explosion beautiful, there's so many people that are within that explosion that really don't, because they get fragmented everywhere, back to the dreams and how this affected me, so then always media, media that was as close to real people that were doing awesome things that were really helping everybody, I got swayed to. So these were the superheroes that I got into and ultimately most of them are, may I even say all of them are derived from Nietzsche who I am furthering his work or at least that's the way that I like to look at it since he didn't have the internet he had that little typewriter thing he was trying he was trying to do it but now I got the internet so I'm gonna take over and and and show you what being a Superman really is so why did an education system fail someone as bright and dedicated as me we We don't have to reinvent the wheel, it's time to learn how to build a septic tank and then dispose of the trash adequately. If we only learn to trust our mother, we can turn the dead into the living. Always so lonely. Never anyone to talk to about everything, about everything. And there's always so much to talk about, always. And I mean, there's just so many topics that I'm studying that it's like, why can't we talk about these things?

We can study them, but we have no ability to immerse ourselves personally in the topics. So it's a failed application, or it's theory that's not able to be put in practice. And that's what society's doing. This is the way society turns.

my dad the preacher and and he speaks very powerfully but so many of the things that he said growing up to a whole bunch of people I noticed those problems very very vibrantly within my own family so you know we're saying one thing but we're doing another why are we doing this and my mom's a nurse and she would make sure that we would stay regularly drugged for if we had any symptoms she knew the exact drugs that would cure it and and I guess that motherly love always did work but but it so put strain on me to take medicines all the time so let's revolve our life around medicine because we need it because yeah we need it but what society needs is to wake up to its true priorities when I was maybe maybe you just started around 10 maybe a little bit before but my parents were fighting and they're fighting a lot and a lot of times they would do it in secret and they didn't think that us kids would know but we would always know and they think that you know it does it's not going to affect the home but it did and it always did so so then eventually my mother tells my father that that my father is like his father and that gets him to walk out and and even though they saw each other a few times since then they never got back together and my father was teaching at this time and and my mother was going crazy because she was just they adopted I'll talk about that soon but but my mom was going crazy and my dad was he was going crazy and they're all going crazy and and I was just a kid in a school and then I got in trouble um for something that was kind of stupid of me for doing it wasn't like it was thought out or anything it was a it was a bad situation and and then i got put into a bad school um an alternative school and that screwed me up and i got beat up all the time um not only by the people there but but my mother too um and my father wanted me to live with him and my mother wanted me to live with her and i didn't know i didn't want to choose i didn't want to have to do that um uh you know i wanted them both to be happy and if they had to do that apart you know i tried to help them both um but but this caused a a whole chain reaction and we'll get on to that later as we progress through my life um but i do take note of the adoption and we'll get back to that because that that's a big thing that um it still goes on today when i was nine years old i woke up in the middle of the wilderness i didn't know where i was at first and And everything was dark, and it took my eyes a little bit to adjust to my surroundings.

But what I found is that I was in the middle of a circle.

And I laid there with the clothes that I had on the night before, which were white night clothes, sleeping clothes. and and they had blood on them and I looked to my left if I can remember correctly it was really fazey like it was see I had tears all in my eyes and I was crying so everything that I saw for quite some time was hazed over in tears and those tears when I turned my head to the left I saw an animal and I those tears misconstrued that animal I couldn't tell what it was but I have thought of a squirrel and I've also thought of a fox and a fox would make sense and a squirrel kind of would make sense too but I'm not sure what it was but here I was with the circle and and my eyes adjusting to the dark and the moonlight being out so it's not like it took a long time but after I looked at what happened I didn't know what to do I just I just propped up oh I look around and I couldn't believe what I was seeing because I just remember going to bed not too long ago and now I was here with blood on me and and I didn't understand but there was no one around at all no one around it was just a circle and and and then I ran home I ran home really quickly and at first I ran the wrong direction but then I saw the shack and there was a shack where I knew where it was and so I knew where I was and then I orientated myself it was probably it's probably a kilometer and a half away from where I was staying so it's not like it was a really short distance so I don't know how I got out there and I don't know what happened to me but but that stayed in my psychology whether or not it happened or not I don't know I don't know but it was it's in my head I have it there and and it doesn't go away so I have to learn how to deal with that that and and I got home and I washed my clothes I washed my clothes that's all I could do that's all I could think about doing is wash my clothes and and I did and I did and I did it naked I took my clothes off and I was naked waiting for them and I just watched I watched my clothes wash and and then after they and then the same with the dry I just dried them no one woke up and it started to get once I finished it started to get daylight and and I had to go to sleep and I and I I went to bed and I I couldn't I couldn't I couldn't and I tried I tried like I really needed to sleep and everybody could tell i needed to sleep but uh... but then uh... i told them what happened and uh...

and what do you think what do you think happened uh... what do you how do you think they responded when i told them what happened this this starts the life of crazy window which they already knew i was crazy anyway But because around, or before that time, maybe a few years before that, which they thought was really funny, to get out of going to bed early, so I could stay up later, I acted like I had a baby. um so i acted like i was in labor and they thought that was really funny and it got me some time to stay up longer but they didn't realize that i was like doing all that because i couldn't sleep properly anyway so like i want to stay up because there's nothing else to do i just lay there and think and think and think but uh but whether this event happened or not uh it's in my psychology and and i think about it and it's it's hard to bring up and and you know when i talk about it i'm not sure you know i i'm confused what what is real what is real um i don't i don't understand what what is reality and this gives me a question what is reality what is reality like if it's in my psychology if it's there if there's something that happened to me you know whether it really happened or not is irrelevant because it still affects me and I still do the things that I do regardless of of those factors so so this is a hard a hard part to do to talk about a really hard part to talk about and and I know I didn't do it right I didn't do it right I can't I can never I can never do it right because because it was such a really surreal experience. It was something that really affected me.

How is one to interpret a story like that? Because it's really like, you know, what the crap?

I've been thinking about this event, and I just presented it to you as what happened, not my interpretation. and I've been thinking so much about how to interpret this like mythology and stuff but at the end of the day what I need to do is just tell you what happened and that's what happened and that's what I can remember and that's what's there and that's what I have to still deal with even if it's fake or not, I still have to deal with that in my psychology so what does that mean to me and why have I ended up in the life I have now because I was in a place, I was at Williston it was called williston south carolina and it was a place where i was a minority because i was white and uh and i was getting picked on everywhere like and our bikes were stolen and we were preachers kids and and uh we had a lot of bad things happen that year and it was all because of diversity of people not liking uh you know uh gossip and stuff like that like um people not being able to accept each other and that was the whole year and then that happens and it's like what am i supposed to do whoa like whoa what the crap uh what type of life am i supposed to live what what just happened what did i get you know what i don't understand i still don't understand and and it will always continue to confuse me because it's there um so how how am i supposed to deal with that um and that's what i've been trying to do my whole life and and uh ultimately this uh it all goes back to Debbie. This is when I was bound. I mean, the way I've interpreted it is to my cross. And I was

sacrificed there. And my sacrifice now is my life that I have to live out. And the cross that I've been bound to is my other half. And my other half is Debbie, or the conception of what Debbie was, and maybe what she could have been if we stayed together, if we weren't broken apart.

But probably not anyway, but maybe I would have turned out a healthier person if I didn't get, if I didn't part from her. But I don't know anyway, like I'm just, I'm just doing, I'm just playing the cards that I have and I can play them in very interesting ways as you can tell. but but at the end of the day I mean these are all my cards that I got I mean I don't have anything to offer you except everything that I have myself everything that's within me that's all I can offer I can't offer any monetary value I can't offer anything like that I can't even do it my psychology won't let me want something off anyone I don't want anything off anyone except except their hearts except your hearts and so this causes people to like like that to live like how I'm living so and then you and then I get called an attention seeker all the time but look the spotlight's on me and honestly the spotlight's on every single one of you so you know keep doing what you're doing and and it doesn't matter because the decrepit will shed and even though it's a snake that's going to come and bite you it's it's it's it's the snake of knowledge it's the snake of health so yeah I don't I don't know it like so I'm a superhero kid that can't sleep that thinks about deep topics all the time and wants like real emotional deep connections um and and not getting any of it and then wanting this this girl that I had when I was five years old and and and then like kind of being tortured by my brother who who excluded me a lot and kind of kind of jealous of me and and my mother jumped from my parents with the divorce and like fighting and all that and and then all of this in the world that all these different cultures like conflicting and and and then bang some weird thing happens to me where I get teleported to the wilderness and have to make my way back all bloodied up from who knows what like this this is what builds a psychology and I can't tell you the whole thing I know but I'm telling you very very important parts that that really help form it and I'm sure there's a lot more that that I haven't thought of over my life but but I have a whole life time to keep thinking and and that's what I'm trying to explain to everybody is that you know if we use the internet to build upon our own knowledge which is what we find in the world and then we figure out how to document it for not only ourselves but others then well we can become really really awesome people I rant so much but but this is why I am why I am and I'm not doing anything wrong and I wouldn't hurt anybody and and I'm being a better guy than any other guy so so why why would you not give me my Debbie why would you not give me my Debbie so I dated lots and lots and lots of girls and this was all throughout my childhood. So dating is really just being a boyfriend and holding hands and seeing if you guys work out and I went out with a lot of girls. But it was

all innocent. And it's like okay well obviously we're not going to work and stuff always happen um so it wasn't ever anything uh we didn't ever do anything bad we were always good and there were some that fell uh fell over you know fell fell head over hills um and and i really enjoyed spending time with uh with you know girls like this that were uh all about uh fantasy and but but at the end of the day none of them really matched up to Debbie and and I guess that's what I was doing is is you know I was cute growing up so I could get you know girls to go out with me and it was all cute and innocent so I just did that with a lot of girls and and I got to know so so many different girls and I really liked it and but but then I started to not be able to do it anymore because they started to change because the the older we got the then you know the next they start to forget you know Peter Pan what were we talking about just in Living Neverland speaking of that the the kids that robbed me in Living Neverland are now at Ted Knopf's and they're they're taunting me and and they told all their friends and how they so they always go did you just rob me because I said that in in the movie right after they robbed me and so they all make this funny voice did you just rob me um and there's like lots of them now that do it um not just the ones that robbed me so it's like you know like is that really reflecting good who's that reflecting bad on is that reflecting bad on me for getting robbed or or you for robbing and then you for for you know making fun of someone for for you or your friends to rob someone there there's something wrong with our collective psychology we do weird stuff to people like me because I'm a minority and I forgot what you're talking about which will continue later because I'm trying to teach you guys how to be able to stop and start thoughts and thought processes and understandings and whenever you're led to so you can use your train of thought for you and then record it and then hear hear yourself and understand what you're saying and then be be able to uh follow where you left off and be able to patch up any of the gaps um as as you continue to work oh it's a tick you gotta be careful about these things those things can kill you if you don't catch them when they go in I hope you know anywhere out there so so let's let's try this why what I'm doing is the best method of documentation and and I've thought about this a lot but but the thing is is with all my work it's it's thoughts that either I've verbalized parts of and my work is is forming them, forming the parts together, and it's raw thoughts really too, and the raw thoughts aren't, they're raw because they're just come off my tongue, and they're ingrained in my character, and that's what I'm showing you, and and and that's the whole thing about these thoughts if we if we do this if you record media like this then you're demonstrating your character and wherever you stuff up and wherever you don't convey what you want right then then the amount of information that you very that you very conveyed will over rule the bull crap information that that is just forming thoughts and not it's It's not bull crap information because it will help us determine meaning and how you came to your conclusions for whatever arguments being proposed. So this is the idea chain in action. This is actually you're seeing the real thing.

And all the media that we have right now is imitations. So we have to stand up as people if we're going to get any cool media at all. when i was young i had a nose that would bleed really easily um... and what i mean really easily like if you bump it a few times pretty hard uh... so yeah crack crack crack you know and

and it will bleed and it will bleed a lot it will just bleed and bleed and bleed and uh... and that happened up until like you know twenty or so uh... maybe eighteen uh... but but when I was I wasn't very good with any mathematics like everywhere I go like I was never taught very well with mathematics and uh and if I didn't do my homework and they were going around to check it um the teachers were going around to check it there's been a few maybe maybe more than a few times where I went crack crack crack and like you know the corner no one can see me do it and then and then my nose just go starts starts pissing out with blood and I go oh I gotta hold it and then you go you got like blood coming out and you go I gotta go I gotta go and I got out of it it worked every single time that's terrible that's terrible to say that that's true and I got those like those in soccer and stuff like that like I used to cut my hands um like sometimes it got so bad I had to cut my hands and like within a second or two my hands like both my hands cut together would uh fill up with blood and it was bad but uh but my nose has gotten over that since. I also astral project and I'm not sure what realm this is that my consciousness goes to

but it definitely goes somewhere else and this is a place that is shared by other people and along my journeys I have found other people that that know this place well and whatever this place is I'm not sure but there are many things that that I can do there and and not only that there's someone that's always looking after me there, and not only there, sometimes in the real world, and I see their shadow, and it looks like, I can really just see this shadow, but it looks like a Native American Indian with long hair, and so I see that shadow from time to time throughout my life, both in my life and a lot more when I astral project, which when I astral project is merely just over oxygenating my brain and then my psyche cuts off from the world and then has to rebuild. It's understanding of where it is and what's around it and what it's function is in the world. And that split second in between when you get cut off even though sometimes it's only very short like I said with dreams sometimes it can be a very very long time and and people don't get the same experience with me that I do with with doing this but people definitely get strange experiences though so this is since I was a kid you know I used to go and then put me up against the wall and do like that you know and and that kind of became my drug and that's sort of always what I'm chasing with the drug is that moment that I can cut off and and then rebuild everything in front of my eyes again and and by doing that again and again and again I start to understand topics very very well why well you remember why you did things to begin with and then we have to align Apollo's bow and here's another thing within my life is this symbol and there's this one symbol that's followed me around my entire life and it's kind of come hand in hand with the guy who looks Native American Indian and I have come to understand him as my guardian angel I'm not sure I do have some bloodline of Native American Indian in me and and we have to start the process to find our heart what do you do when you have one symbol that has haunted you around everywhere that you have gone in life and in your dreams and in visions what does that symbol mean when you come across a lot of people that say they're enlightened and they don't understand it either or they create something that that makes no sense about it. But that's what we're doing. We're finding out the meanings

behind our past and we've accounted for the velocity and the wing conditions and the dynamics in the angle that we have to shoot our arrow. So we've started this project, but this project will continue. Adoption, what a topic. My parents wanted to adopt and ultimately I think it was probably due to them wanting to fix their relationship. But they're like, oh let's

disadvantaged children because they were trying to to have a baby and it wasn't working so they adopted three Korean children from South Korea of course not from North Korea and and that changed everybody's life that changed everybody's life and and when they divorced which was like a year after or something that we got these kids that was really hard on everybody and mom was you know a single parent then trying to look after five children and she went crazy too she had she dated like straight away it wasn't good and and she kind of left us me and my brother mostly me because I'm more of a caring nature, to look after the kids a lot, a lot, and I had to really step in there, and I was going through lots of problems within school, and my mother was going crazy after this, and I was getting in trouble for smoking, and every time I got trouble for smoking my mom would beat me with with the telephone with the portable telephone she broke many telephones over my face and she would always have to replace them and that wasn't that's another thing that's burnt in my psychology is the things you do again and again and and when you spend your life your home life walking around holding a telephone making calls and receiving calls and you want to hit your son over the face because he keeps smoking and get in trouble at school then then the phone is the best thing and the closest thing to you to use either as a projectile or to have as a blunt weapon. So you end up with this punk kid who is really a loner for the most part and the friends that he does have don't stick around because he's always on the go and doing, uh, uh, invested in a journey. And, uh, and they were all invested into their own journeys, uh, which, which was pretty much what society wanted them to do, the path that they, that society, uh, gave them this is hard you know all this is this is really hard I'm I'm a I'm really put myself out here it's really hard like a all that I'm going through in order to be able to give you all this that quickly like this is hard and I'm trying to give you good shoots I mean you can see I'm playing around with this just to get this tower and this bell bell tower and and I'll do it if I can and and see the cameras crappy it doesn't have very good manual settings for that but let's try it do exposure first so we want to turn exposure all the way down see if if I If I could just do this really quickly, it would be beneficial to me if I learned the equipment really well and to be honest if I just had better equipment. We can go pretty close in there, this camera is pretty good, but this camera is really only the scope is good and and it's pretty cheap camera besides that but it gets the job done and and all we're trying to do is convey a message through one particular means of portrayal and this camera is one of them and as you see and have seen a lot throughout all of my works there's many different And if we just learn how to use these material possessions, this equipment, as just a means to produce what you need and not be so grabby on, hey, I need this, I mean, everything that flows through your hands has potential.

And if you just look at if it can suit your potential, if you can maximize its potential to do what you need it to do, then good on you for being able to do that. People with character, they're the ones that are going to rule the new internet enabled world and whether you care or not, I'm showing people how to determine character. Always wandering. Always wandering. Always wandering. Always broadcasting. Always bearing our cross. Always watching. Always watching. Always following the heart. See the symbol. Let's look at all symbols. Let's look at symbolism. Let's look at what it means to follow the heart.

My animal friends listen to my woes, but they cannot interpret.

Always longing for the moon who was absent on my birthday.

Our hero has completed eating the baked beans with too much habanero sauce. Oh, there's more in there, but he shouldn't have it. Another one should have it. He's eating too much.

He's all fat now. Look how fat he is. No, it's not yours, it's someone else's. Don't be greedy.

Wee, can I jump? Let's figure out how to hang around. How are we gonna hang around? What's the best way to hang around?

I'm hangin' around, we're hangin' around. He's hangin' around, we're hangin' around. He is so busted for using my tent as his walking path.

Look what he stole. Hey you. Give it back. Give it back. Hey you. Hey. Hey you. Hey you. Give it back. Why do you like it? Why do you like it? There's like nothing in there. Jerk. You're going to make me like have to pack away all my stuff all the time.

there is something in there maybe that was a little bit of mushroom soup um let's look okay we got some mushroom soup residue there okay so you like some mushroom soup and that maybe dirt i don't even know i don't even know did i clean that i thought i cleaned it did i clean it dude was that mushroom soup are you coming over here you shouldn't come over here you're gonna leave I'm coming let's say hi goodbye yeah let's save some battery if I can I can find it I leave stuff around me Alright, where you going? There it is. I leave stuff around me and I can't even find it when I need it. When I left it around me intentionally.

I do that. I knock over things. There it is. Here. So now I can turn this light off.

There you go. I want to jump up the tree. Are you going to jump up the tree? Are you going to jump up the tree?

Is that what you're starting? You're going to have another go at the gods. Nope. Where's your scar?

I had to flick my hair and you like disappeared. That's what I get for flicking my hair. Maybe it's on camera. Maybe you're disappearing out.

Are you just hanging out up there? Let's look. Oh, tiny. Have a good night hanging out, dude.

You like can't make up your mind. You're like up. You're like down. Now you're coming to me.

What are you doing? Oh, now you're leaving? You're coming back now? Okay, we're gonna have to get a stick.

I don't even have a stick. Ward you away.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



07-1984-Book-28-XXVIII-Enneagram-Tail-Nine

It's got a huge hole. How is one to start an odyssey? How is one to present one's life in a way that could be understood by really, really no one, really by one person? But how can I make it where it's receptive enough to be presented to a lot of people?

Hell, Apollo. Hell, Minerva. Like any good story, we start out with the birth of the hero.

Let's go on a trip to the whys of human individuality.

Let's go on a trip into my past.

May the gods guide my spirit and my mind this beautiful night.

1984, that year, it haunts me. That was the year that I was born. And I've been told a story about the first day of my life a few times and maybe I remember it because of that. I'm going to tell you my memories here and how close those memories actually line up with reality could be a different story.

So, I was born very early in the morning, and it was a Sunday, and my parents took me to church the first day, which is an odd thing to do with a newborn, but they were all talking. And what I remember, I can only tell you a very small portion because I can only remember a tiny bit. But I remember being there in a pram and all the adults looking over me making googly eyes and pretty much insinuating, you know, what's he going to be? And I didn't really understand what they were talking about, but I didn't want to be whatever they wanted me to be.

I didn't want to have to become, I mean, because I'm here in church, and I knew something special about the place I was in, but the way they were talking didn't seem to me to reflect the journey that I should be on.

I couldn't stand the thought of living a life doing what I wasn't meant to do. I couldn't be what they wanted me to be. I knew it would never work.

So as the eyes of a bunch of women Google over a newborn baby under the steeple in which they worship, the baby sets his eyes and his heart and his mind to the peak of human existence.

And then he flies. Flies away. For he knows that is not where he belongs.

I had to do it. I had to fly away from my pram.

I needed freedom.

We had to live amongst the animals.

We had to orbit around the highest version of the self that we could possibly produce.

We had to learn through countless mistakes.

We had to scale mountains.

I was born in Crown Point, Indiana. And my heart never left that meaning. I was born in Crown Point, Indiana, and my heart never left that meaning.

I was the son of a failing preacher, new to the industry, and my mother was a nurse, and my father had to move around a lot to try to find appropriate work, and my mother, since she was a nurse, she could get a job anywhere. So I don't really remember much of many of the places I've been to in my early life because it was kind of all jumbled together. I mean, I remember the names of some places, but not even all. But that's how my early childhood So I grew up, was just moving from place to place with an older brother and a teacher.

My dad's a teacher. Right now he's an academic chair at a university.

But he was trying to be a preacher then. And that's, I guess, really all of that combined and not really getting along, Not being able to make close connections with people because I was always moving around made it difficult for me to get grounded in life because I had all these thoughts and there was no one around to communicate them with. And I'm talking even early childhoods. Let's continue our journey.

both me and my parents remember this story well and uh this is when i was i think i was three but here's a stalker here's a stalker see i got a stalker i got a few stalkers actually do you need help like is there anything that i can help you with because it's not cool just to stalk people is it is there anything that i can help you with at all there's nothing that i can help you with could you please stop calling but but you're a stalker I don't be friends with people I don't know who they are that's not so sorry we're friends yeah but I don't know who you are how can we be friends if I don't know who you are right now you are just someone who's who's calling me all the time it's nice it's not cool I don't know who you are who are you what's your name my name is anyone you want but that's not cool that's not that's not how uh healthy people communicate and if you can't communicate with me you know with who you are then i don't want to communicate with you okay well i'm gonna hang up now uh if you ever want to tell me who you are and talk normally like a real person then just uh give me give me another call if you ever want to like really talk but but i don't do this okay so goodbye okay so where were we um so i was about three years old i think i think i was three i think that was the exact um age and and my parents uh or i said i said some words to my mother that weren't very respectful and my father got really mad at me for doing that and uh and he said that you can't live here if uh if you're going to talk to your mother like that and there's a few points here that you know sparked in my psychology to cause me to do what i did but the first one was that uh that that i already did it i already said it it was already said it was the past so if i already said something and then you say if i'm going to talk to her like that then i can't live there then i've already done it so i can't live there that's the logic behind it um and another thing that's a really cruel thing to uh to threaten anyone um you know why do i live the life that i live right now um because no one can threaten my existence no one at all so I then walked out I just walked out and and I wasn't supposed to go past the mailbox because I wasn't allowed to so I just I just waited at the mailbox I couldn't do it I wasn't allowed to go past the mailbox so I just moved out I had my stuff that all the stuff that mattered to me moved out and and waited at the mailbox and everybody thought this was so hilarious and definitely not signs that that your child needs a little bit of extra attention I used to long for moments and I guess I always have and always will continue to but no one my family wasn't giving it to me no one was It was giving me the emotional connection that I needed until Debbie came along. I was in the kindergarten, I was five, and she was five, and she was everything. She was exactly what I wanted. She's exactly what I've always wanted.

she was a girl of fantasy and um and we played barbie together and i mean real like good stories though and we played uh and we played lots of different games we played house and we played doctor but we played them better than anyone in this world plays them um and and we were really learning and the first day that we met actually right when we met she said I want to marry you so we did it we got married and we had teddy bears there as witnesses and everything so so we got married and and it was it wasn't I don't think it was quite a year but it was almost a year that we were dating and I I know we were little kids, but boy, I loved that girl. And then, because I was an emotional kid, my teachers thought it was wise to hold me back. That way, I'm older than everybody.

When I go up grades, and they did that in kindergarten, they said, it was best it was hot they said it was best to uh to do that to do that they suggested that to my parents my parents agreed with that so um then getting taken away from from her there and i mean to be honest i'm not sure if that was the one or if we it was a move i'm not sure if we moved and i got taken away from her but but the the fact is is that i got taken away from her and uh and that's really when everything started going downhill because uh because she was such my she was my perfect girl and and i could everywhere i went you know everywhere um you know my parents travels took them i couldn't find anyone that was um even close to to her and uh we had such adventures we really did and i'll never forget them and she she really conditioned the person that that i became um because because no women could ever uh and i say women and you know i i mean that i can can never live up to to what she was thank you god but what was she what was she to me and uh i mean these topics i i i've been thinking about them for my entire life um Um, so it's not like, you know, I'm, I'm feeding you stuff off the top of my head. Um, and it's even difficult for me to talk about them, even considering this fact, um, that I've been, this is what I've been thinking about my entire life. Uh, so really what, what was she, um, to me? And really, you know, she became my cross.

She became my cross. um or maybe she was always my cross uh but but i couldn't stop thinking about her and and i i'm not sure like because a lot of things happen at different times and um and we're able to to find to learn you know maybe maybe it's a combination of a lot of different things but about this age is about the age that I started remembering having sleeping problems so I couldn't go to sleep and my parents thought I was crazy I mean they thought I was lying they thought I was lying about it all because no one could possibly you know exist without sleep and I was and I was going to school I was going to school without sleep and you know it was hard and that's like it's always some sometimes I don't get any sleep and the whole day will be really hard so that's not just them but that's all the time but this is around the time that started to manifest and uh and that was really hard on me so you know I got my parents not doing anything about sleeping and to be honest medicine isn't a good solution anyway but but while this is going on too i got both my parents um trying to make me into their perfect child so my mother is making sure we do lots and lots of activities and so i got good at a lot of stuff my father was really strict so he he made sure we practiced everything we that he spent money on for us to do me and my brother did and we both at least were given all the opportunities to become really great with how my parents treated at least the first part of our lives. So even though I complain about my parents a lot, they did give me the abilities to be able to do all I'm doing and I do respect them for that. Demeter, mother of earth, has fed us. And that's habanero sauce, which is really

hot, so that was pretty good. And I had milk, and that's always a good combination. But then going through my thoughts and my memories, it isn't necessarily an easy thing. Even when I've been mulling over these memories for so long, but something I remember clearly is when I was six years old, my sixth birthday actually, and it was at my grandfather's house or if it wasn't his house, it was family from my grandfather's side, and they had a pool and everything and i got basically for my birthday i got pool gifts like an alligator uh blow up thingy and i also got little hamburger men which i don't know pretty random but they're like superhero hamburger men and um and i don't remember any event specifically i mean i remember the day. Actually, I do. I remember the day. I remember at least half of the day. And there

was nothing big that happened during that. But instead of a lot, there was a lot of arguments. So there's a lot of family members that weren't getting along. And there's a few of them that I ever heard that I know I wasn't supposed to. And there was a lot of bickering. And it just

it just wasn't cool it just you know it really got to me and and I've never forgotten it um because you know I think about it I think about you know what I got I got new toys to play with what is everybody else doing while I'm playing with these toys and and you know it's my birthday so you know what are they thinking and then you know seeing the reality of the situation which is um none of us get along uh that that that affected me that affected me when i was a kid from the beginning really uh my parents would buy me these uh night gowns that were superhero uniforms and uh and i would step right into those and i would go mom mommy mommy mommy who am I who am I daddy daddy daddy who am I who am I and I would be I would be Superman or Batman or whoever I was at that particular time and and when they guessed right or guessed you could see but when they forget a lot of they didn't guess right but but when they did I would get really excited yay you know who I am you know who I am camera so annoying with the focus is there's a manual focus I'll do the manual focus show you I don't need it see it automatically does it if I wait enough time but the manual focus is annoying to set I can get really close to it and I never really stopped doing that my the superheroes that I became just expanded and and I'm always all the good ones I did everything I played the piano I swam I did martial arts but I clogged I clogged. I clogged. That was stupid. But I played violin. I camped a lot. I was a very

busy kid doing a lot of things except friendships. Didn't have any friends. And it was hard. didn't really get along with people and I always desire to closely connect with people and you know I never always saw all these seconds because this sleep things do in my head and and it's making me notice all these seconds and maybe I don't sleep because because I'm afraid of losing seconds because I'm afraid that I'll miss something maybe that's why I don't sleep because I'm always looking out just in case because uh like one opportunity can bring can bring everything in someone's life together and if i just you know keep out keep look out for these opportunities um then then maybe i'll find what i want but i never did uh i was always looking for you other people to talk about with with deep subjects and maybe even controversial or definitely like even as a kid let's let's talk about things that make us feel uncomfortable let's talk about the hurt let's talk about the pain you know those things it's a divine tragedy those things are the things that are so important to our human existence and and and even talking about these subjects uh with someone else that um has thought about them is is an honor to me um because because there's so many people that that avoid these subjects and um and i'm trying starting to rain uh thank you zeus uh and i'm trying my best to you know fit in get along with people and doing a lot of awesome stuff but to be honest not my heart wasn't really in anything like I didn't want to do all this stuff that my my parents were making me do I didn't want to um and because they were forcing me to it they were so strict with it and ultimately that strictness made me be able to be strict with myself um but I took for granted a lot of these things and because I was only caring about these emotional connections that I wasn't getting and I was very attracted to rebellion and freaks and punks and goths and all that later on and even earlier on I was always attracted to that sort of scene but when I get to that scene I find that it's all talk, all talk and there's very few people who live the life that that they say or that they want to you know let's live let's live our own lives I was born leading the left half of the year against the right are you on top of my tart when I was a kid I had a friend named Trey he wasn't a friend for very long because we move shortly after I met him but he didn't never take advantage of me or anything yeah make a lot of noise there I got some bread you got some bread stars are beautiful I used to always daydream about walking out of class during school being weird get some bread I just couldn't take it I just wanted to walk out of class and because I didn't fit in and it did I just I was picked on a lot but I wasn't picked on um he's going up he'll come back down for this this is his food are you okay dude making a lot of noise tonight yeah I was picked on for being different and I wasn't one of those kids that was constantly picked on though because I stood up for myself and I would get violent I was crazy I was crazy so that's that's how I had to survive he's coming down he's gonna come come get the bread of that so I had to survive no no don't go over there no I don't have any I don't have any go over there Brad's over here here I'll show Over here. Over here. Over here. See? Hey. Hey, you. Hey, you. Over here. Brother. Come on, sit over here. See? See? Don't, don't. What are you doing? What are you doing? You bite. I know you. I know you. You bite.

there's bread over there for you dude but yeah i've always connected to my animal friends like this and uh and they've always connected to me like this um but i can't say the same for the my human animals uh but i still like to call them my friends there's bread over there Here, let me get you some, here, no, no, no, no, here, no, no, over here, over here, over here, hey, hey, hey, over here, look, look, look, look, look right there, there you go, there you go, you like that, that good? And wild animals will just do this, and some have to learn how to act around some of them, but they always do it eventually, and I guess I tame them because I don't ever get them what they want unless they give me what I want, which is really just showing respect. and uh and most animals do that so yeah one time i accidentally brought kind of accidentally um brought a knife to school and this is like in fourth grade um and uh it was it was just a pocket knife um like a swiss army one multifunctional thing but uh i got in a lot of trouble for that and I was really just trying to show sort of what I like to do I like to have stuff that's multi-purpose like that now you know can I can't even imagine living a life without multifunction stuff like that but but since it was a knife I got in a lot of trouble for that and what else school school's always been hard and girls you know like I'm always I'm not thinking about their bodies or anything like that I'm always thinking about their minds and their hearts and and and I really you know what I want you know a lot of the TV shows and stuff like that not TV shows but like our old fantasy or our mythology and good you know are good fairy tales they portray that some of the same things that I've been looking for but but they don't exist I don't find them anywhere and I look and I look and and I have to create stories all around my life because I got no one else like this is the world I live in what you're seeing in front of you um so i have to figure out ways to entertain myself and uh and by creating these stories this guy's good oh okay oh we got more i got more coming i got more uh i really should be sure oh

okay i'll i'll continue with another time i mean i could do this all day or year or whatever i could just keep doing this because uh these guys are very playful um and there's there's like four of them i think that live around here i do want no no no no you're gonna oh oh no no get off me get off me get off me come here come here look look food's over here come here come here over Over here. Over here. You can't go into my tent, dude. Come here.

Over here. Over here. Come here. Come here.

Come here. Come here. Over here. No, don't.

Not my feet. Come here. Over here. Come here.

Look. Come here. Hey. Hey.

Hey. Come here. No. No.

Come here. Come here. Come here. Over here.

come here look look look it's right here you see come here come here hey are you stupid hey stupid hey stupid come here look look look look you can see the shadow look at the shadow look it's bread hey hey over here look uh do i have to deliver it am i your delivery person oh hey do you want it do you want it okay there you go all right these guys like uh when i moved in here in this area um there was no wild animals around here um and now i get a lot now i get a lot So I attract these things, and yes, I'll feed them a little bit every night if they come and hang out with me, but hanging out with humans generally isn't an attribute that wild animals carry, but since I'm alone, they usually see who I am, And when they figure out that I'm a cool person, then they generally like me.

But this guy, I got to watch out. I mean, all these guys, I got to watch out for them because they get too comfortable. They get way too comfortable.

And then they, like, oh, hey, you. And they, one of them was bit me, but not to break skin, but it was hard.

Pig, this guy's a pig. We got another one.

Oh, they jump on this tent, too.

but we got kangaroos and we got wallabies that are around here and this is a possum, this is a gliding possum so not just any possum, a rare possum and we got a few we got a few echidnas around here now they generally like me I once slept. I got footage of one sleeping next to me. It was really weird why I did it, but it was cute. And there is some snakes sometimes around here.

And everywhere I've been, there's been a lot of stuff. you know I've been around Australia so there's I've interacted with a lot of animals and and I really like Australian wildlife it's really cool that's a sign see you later dude this is too I can't keep on filming you I know you like it I know you're all for it but stay out here oh when I grew up a bit I guess Even from 12, drugs, really soft drugs, have been good for me to deal with not being able to sleep really, and it started with tobacco at the age of 12, and tobacco is such a terrible drug but but it really helps me and it makes me creative too so so whether or not um you know I am self-medicating I know that but but I think that I know my body better than any doctor and it's much better for me to to be I'm a better i like myself better when i'm on them and and all throughout my life i went from drug to drug to drug and i was always trying to figure out the best drug possible for me and um and that makes me have to think i gotta think okay what's the best what drug do i like myself best on um because I'm so inclined to have a drug in my life. What should it be? And it was alcohol for a while, and that wasn't good at all. It wasn't good at all. So I had to play around and manipulate my

environment and what I chose to take to see how I like myself best. And that took time to to find out you know the results and so long-term results and short-term results so that's how I use drugs but but every single time it's always to God so it's gone magic when we finish what we need to do we have to exit our heaven and go out into the real world and practically apply it all so we're going to have to go back through diversity and cruelty and we're gonna have to work through our issues and it's going to be a process but once we learn to unionize our voices to to actually have an impact on what what is going on in our society which right now no one person is and everything I've done shows you that because they don't listen and I got more work than most people would ever imagine so let's see where it goes right now we're saying bye-bye to our government structures and and we won't hear the bell for a while that was our photo shoot at least we got one more but that was most of it that's another location what sort of life do you live hey ivory i just wanted to talk about my life and what i'm making it for you and my whole life has been about you but it has just been the last few months that I've been able to turn it publicly to be about you and this opens the scope of everything I've done and everything I'm doing to be whatever I want it. So Divine Tragedy presents one production after another after another of letters to you and we will go on many journeys, many, many journeys and I hope you enjoy them. Thank you Arnold.

Yeah

Thank you Roman Thank you cappuccino Thank you, whatever your name is

Hey, it's okay. I don't mean you any harm. I like you. Hey, come here. It's okay. I like you

Thank you. Hey. My tent? You're so beautiful.

Such a unique animal. You're going to go under. That's where I'm going to be. Do you like that?

I don't really like that. You can have it. If you could carry things. You're going to sleep beside me.

Aww. And you know that's where I am. You know that's where I am. What are you doing?

What are you doing? You knew I came from there. You're trying to get in. You want to get in my tent?

You got to go on the other side if you want to get in my tent.

I'll let you in my tent if you want. I won't touch you.

I wouldn't like to be touched if I didn't want to.

No food.

You know that's where I am. You're going to be like under where I am.

You're crazy. You're crazy. That's where you found me.

Come back out? Come back out. If you come around the other side, I'll... Maybe I should meet you down there.

Ants everywhere, isn't there? Deal with this. What do you do with this?

Like right here.

Thank you. Thank you for visiting me. You can visit me anytime.

You're always welcome here.

Tell your friends. I'm going to hurt you. Why are you so mean? I just want to be your friend.

You came over to me before. You know I don't want to hurt you. Aren't you interested? You were interested before.

You don't get people met like me usually. Let's be friends.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



07-1984-Book-29-XXIX-The-Philosophers-Zone

The Philosopher's Zone, The Concept, Abstract It is the purpose of this proposal to outline and discuss ideas and ideals that I have come to understand as the most effective methods to convey meaning in a world that has overlooked these topics. It is in attempts to outline what I think would be the most receptive and effective investments that would ultimately lead our society to strive for higher ideals than the mundane. Ultimately, it is a proposal for how I understand to free education in the most effective manner possible, given our particular cultural makeup which ultimately drives what our society values. In this section of the essay, I will explain my motivations for desiring the position as the presenter for the Philosopher's Zone.

I will be entirely up front with all of my goals so that you will be in the best position to decide whether or not I would be appropriate for this role. I understand that the late Alan Saunders had the goal to spread philosophy within the community and not only within our current education systems. This is also entirely my goal, for these topics are the most important issues that our species has or ever will be faced with. And when we learn them and how to think about their relational qualities, we will then stand in the best position to develop our entire society with both our hearts and minds. Throughout my crazy journeys, I have seen many people

with hearts. I have seen many people with minds, but I have rarely seen people with both. This disintegration between our feelings and how we are to employ them is a result of misunderstandings of the topics at hand. And these misunderstandings then develop into diversity and this allows us to look at other people as being less human than we are.

In turn, this enables the people within our society to act incredibly cruel to each other. My mission in life is to help clear up the fog so that we may one day learn toleration by collectively learning why people are the way they are. My heart is invested into actualizing the cause that Kant expressed in his Interpretations of the Enlightenment, found in Act 10 of my third course. However, I believe Kant was much ahead of his time and the printing press alone was unable to deliver his expectations.

My interpretation of enlightenment, based off his interpretation, heavily revolves around technology as it is the future of our education system. How could we start a chain reaction that would ultimately result in a utopian society? I think the key is locked within our ability to free education. If we free education, all of the important topics will become that of humanities and not only confined within our educational structures.

Ultimately, I understand this development to lead us into a meritocratic society as As the compassionate stars of the world share their gifts with all of humanity. And once their character is demonstrated over the test of time, their fruits will manifest throughout our entire world. Giving philosophy back to the people is the first step for all other developments in thought derived from it. And when we start a movement upon the foundational framework of our human existence, we then and gear education to most effectively improve the conditions for all of society, and as a result, everything we invest ourselves into within society such as the treatment of other ethnicities, human rights, animal rights, and environmental rights.

When we attempt to achieve all of this without exploitation, by learning why it is morally unjustifiable to involve ourselves in questionable practices. We gear society towards healthy and sustainable methods of mental distribution, which ultimately results in healthy forms of methodological implementations being used to achieve all that our human existence requires and desires. I am invested into four causes that are extremely close to my heart. I am a model online teacher that explains how we can entirely free education throughout three philosophy courses, found at My Reflected Life, nesmith.net.

I have created the framework to sustain independent teaching practices by developing a model university structure that can act merely as a gateway to connect students with talented online teachers. Right now I might be alone in this cause, but if you do your research then you will find that it is pretty popular. And I get applications for department chairs often, but I am not looking for just anyone. I am seeking teachers with a holistic understanding of knowledge that not only know how to teach but also entertain at the same time.

When I find these rare people by raising awareness, then the chairs will fill in and degree programs and many other beneficial systems will be created not only to effectively teach any subject to any interested ears in the world, but also make it all profitable while encouraging a caring and loving society.

Open Source University, OSUni.org, is as fast as the turtle, but always wins the race.

Entertainment and education are two sides of the same coin. If a teacher is unable to be receptive to the general public, then they will ultimately be ineffective. Each of my courses not only teach the history of philosophy and its conceptual understandings, but also act as a life journey. If people only listen to the content, they will not only be amused by the situations that I am in, but also by what I am doing in the face of absurdity.

I give inspiration to the world to strive for the noble ideal of attempting to be a good person. How are we to be most receptive to all of society? For these crucial topics that have haunted the minds of all of humanity are relevant to all of human existence. The philosopher's audience should be every human being who has the ears to listen. In attempts to integrate wisdom into society, I created an open source

online television film series. Divine Tragedy is a family created in attempts to integrate wisdom into our society. And we will do this by providing quality open source feature length mythology films interpreted to be receptive to our current cultural practices and technology. And just as we needed to promote the teachers through the online university, we need a method to promote this new series.

December 20th, I will be launching Open Source Heart TV, which is meant to be looked at as Open Source TV with a heart in the background. This implementation will promote these productions as well as scout for other people who have the dedication, hearts, and minds to be able to produce quality, community, educational, entertaining shows and channels. And when the world ends on December 20th, the new world will come into realization December 21st, as both free education and beneficial entertainment manifest itself onto the internet free of charge. Divine Tragedy's first film, Ivory Heart, will be released on this most noteworthy day and hopes to encourage a new golden age.

So it is clear, I am not seeking a job to replace all of my investments, but I am seeking a job to fit in with all of my investments. I am seeking a way to make a meager living and right now all of my investments are not yet profitable. But I am not only seeking a job until they become profitable, but a job that fits in perfectly with them. And the presenter role for the Philosopher's Zone is a perfect fit.

I also want to make it clear that I would not desire to change the current structures that the late Alan Saunders employed, for they are wonderful. I love how the talk show currently functions, and I would not desire to make any radical changes whatsoever. In addition, I would not utilize the position as a way to market or share my own philosophy and endeavors, unless they are directly related with the topic of discussion. I have already shared my philosophy with the world and those who are interested will look at the background conditions behind the presenter. I would merely love to discuss these ideas in an open and

tolerant format with some of the greatest minds of our time. My reward for this job would not be the money. It would not be the fame. It would not be the exposure to who I am and what I stand for.

It would be the chance to interact with those who have also invested their lives into similar pursuits as myself. I have been alone in my head for my entire life. People who are able to openly and logically discuss the big questions in life have never been around in my existence. My friends are the great philosophers of our human civilization, but philosophy is living and I desire with all of my heart to invest myself into its current developmental understandings with other living people who also care about these subjects.

If I was accepted for this job, it would fulfill all of my wildest dreams. all of my wildest dreams is interacting with people with the hearts and minds to help evolve our society. I listen to episode after episode of the show and my heart sinks just imagining myself in this role. Interacting with all of these awesome people. You could literally make

me the happiest person in the world and in return I would give my all to make your show as popular as possible. I would give my all to it because it is my dream job. But I am not Alan. He was wonderful at what he did and I would love to keep the same format as he utilized, but I am very passionately involved in these subjects. As a result, each

Each member of the audience will hear the love and dedication behind my words, as these topics mean everything to me. I would not only try and entertain, but also teach a more correct mode of thinking while doing it. I would do my best to emotionally involve the audience in these topics as they are relevant to all of us. I hope to one day start a chain reaction that will result in the collective evolution of philosophy and its necessary worth for the development of our human society.

I would give performances that would not be forgotten because these are my natural propensities as my heart is entirely invested into everything that I do. In addition to this lifelong passion, my questions might be a little more barbed than the late Saunders in order to attempt to most effectively bring out the core issues behind these subjects. Yet all of my intentions are pure, and I always communicate in the most loving manner that I know possible. To face the difficult topics of humanity is not always a comfortable process, but if we learn how to tackle these difficult subjects head on while retaining our hearts, then we might one day be able to find solutions beyond them.

I am a dedicated student of life. Every individual that I speak with is my teacher. I might have a lot to say, but ultimately my message is that each person should learn how to think for themselves instead of merely adopting their social preconceptions. But my dream is to one day speak on a regular basis with those who have already managed to achieve independent thought.

For those who understand the topics behind these issues will ultimately assist the development of my own understanding of them and will ultimately result me in becoming the best person possible. I might be the best person possible for my social circumstances right now, but I could be so much more if the right doors opened up for me, for my ego is only a defense mechanism customly built to cope with persecution from those who do not understand nor care to understand these topics. I am extremely receptive to learn from all experiences. Experience. I

was built for this role. This section will highlight significant sections of my life to demonstrate why I am your man. While all those around me in my life spent theirs in front of the television, I spent mine in the causes most important to my heart. First and foremost, I need to discuss my sleep issues as that is what has resulted me in becoming the person that I am. Ever since I can remember, I have had problems sleeping. Even as a child

I would lay in bed contemplating difficult questions in life because I was unable to induce sleep. I suffer from delayed sleep phase disorder. My cycles do not line up with the sun, but instead naturally begin to shut down whenever they feel like it. I am an extremely light sleeper and generally only get about 2 to 4 hours of sleep every 24. Sometimes

I skip sleeps. Now think about a life and how much conscious activity is generally experienced by people who do not have problems like these. Now think about how much conscious activity someone like me has experienced. I have lived a lot of life and this is the reason why I am the way that I am. I am really young for everything that I have accomplished and throughout

my life this has intimidated many people, but if they look at my work, then they understand. I will start from its beginnings and this involves my family. I no longer get along with them as they did not desire a philosopher as a son, but despite my disdain for the way my parents treated me growing up, they provided me all of the necessary requirements to become a star. I was trained to dance and play music on a wide variety of instruments.

I was trained in gymnastics and martial arts. I have been invested into martial arts for over 18 years now. My parents pushed me hard and as a result I learned how to dedicate myself to achieve anything that I desired. I did not like how hard they pushed me, but looking back into perspective, they enabled me to become who I am and I will never forget that. They trained

not only what became an awesome philosopher, but also one who could entertain while teaching it. I was fortunate enough to grow up in a technological environment. This caused me to obtain a natural dynamic brilliance with the technology. After I finished high school, I obtained jobs within technology and studied it at university.

I always knew my heart was in philosophy, or what I understood at the time to be love, agape. But I was unsure how to make that a profitable endeavor. So the information technology field was merely a means to an end, and I knew it. My heart was not in technology, but instead how we could become better people, ultimately how I could become a better person and as a result be better not only for all of those around me, but also all of humanity. So I worked while studying both technology and

philosophy, including all of its relations that I could find. I am interdisciplinary, but my foundations are philosophy. Similarly how I am a mixed martial artist, but my foundations or ninjutsu. I taught martial arts over a handful of years, and in my early twenties I developed this into an online learning system on YouTube. My heart has always been invested

into freeing education, but I did not know the best way to do it. I created about 100 videos in martial arts, but eventually left its pursuits to develop my highest conception of an online education system, utilizing the most refined philosophical understandings of our human civilization to develop it. I was married to a brilliant multimedia designer who taught me well. We were together for 10 years and I carefully considered everything that she had to teach me. During this time, I invested myself into many pursuits that

helped me come to learn how to free education to the entire world by utilizing and developing the framework of our internet. I trained my voice and made it sound how I thought was coolest and most receptive to others. I learned how to podcast and utilize social networking tools. I spent my time training my body, mind, and spirit for the task that I was called to do, free education.

Because I know the chain reaction that freeing education will cause within society and merely because of that understanding, I was burdened with the mission to do it. I got sick three years ago and as a result my ex-wife left me. I was in Australia and my family and friends were inherited through her. When she left, her friends and her family stopped talking to me.

I was left in Perth without anyone in my life who cared about me. I looked around at all the crap that I had accumulated within my life and questioned its true value. I then donated it all and began the most amazing and painful journey of my life. I went back to America in attempts to rekindle my relationship with my family, but unfortunately they were not interested in doing that.

Again I was left without anyone around me who cared about me. I then moved to Melbourne, but a week before the trip, one of my brothers stole from me to obtain himself drugs. This resulted in me not having a place to stay in Melbourne and walking off that plane with nowhere to go. I again donated all of my belongings except one of my bags and took off with nowhere to to go, except the services that are supposed to help those less fortunate. But unfortunately,

those services do not effectively help, for people who end up homeless are seen as the scum of society. How can a homeless person even get a job? The person that I became over my journey slowly became less and less employable, as a result of my perspectives changing and as I practically experienced the topics that I have studied over my entire lifetime. In addition, and ironically, I was taking a philosophy course on love and friendship at this time, and I was seeing none of that because people do not want to associate with homeless people.

I then gave over my life to humanity and fully invested myself into freeing education. I wasn't able to become the Superman that I am because all that was valuable to me, love, had been taken away. I no longer cared about my life because I was not obtaining what I needed to sustain a healthy social existence. So, I put my body, mind, and spirit through the hardest conditions possible as I fled into the wilderness that I have come to learn as my divine teacher.

And as I did this, I utilized all of my skills obtained over my lifetime to demonstrate to society what is, or might be, really important within our human existence. Over the years, I created amazing systems and learned how to communicate effectively with people. Eventually, my existence and fruit started dropping jaws. But I could never find what I was looking for, for I was only the strange and somewhat entertaining but controversial guy who did weird, innovative things.

My work is all to find the right people to include in my life most appropriate for my own particular psychology. This is the foundations of my philosophy, and if I fail at this then my philosophy will show itself as a failure. But I do not think that it will fail. Every day I get closer, and if I obtain this position then all of my wildest dreams would come true and my philosophy which results in freeing education will be shown for its true value. But over the many years my mental apparatus struggled. Being entirely isolated,

I retreated into Kierkegaardian anxiety. I have experienced suicidal ideations throughout my life, but twice over the last two years, I have been institutionalized for it. The first time, I was diagnosed with schizophrenia and I knew this to be inaccurate. They did not listen to anything that I had to say.

I was crazy to them because I did not understand reality in the same manner that they did. The second time, they tried to pin me with Schizotypal Personality Disorder, which is more accurate than Schizophrenia. But I knew their systems well and I had it all planned out, for this was the finale to my course, My Reflected Death. And in the tribunal, I presented the sociological factors behind suicide and my life struggles with its existential question.

I walked out of there a free man and they retracted all assertions as to mental illness. They kicked me out of the hospital, back onto the streets, in which I then walked to the Australian National University Library where I wrote, The Psychiatric Model. Before going on, I would like to state how my mind works in order to help you understand why I did these things. love in my life, I do not care about its continuation.

But I do care about these topics that I have invested my entire life into. So I learn them in and out, both theoretically and practically. So in order to express importance of these issues, I throw myself into really bad situations and create educational media to not only teach these topics, but also show how they work in real life by using my own as an example. This method has the ability to really bring out the core issues behind these problems as we observe the teacher directly experiencing them.

I moved around Australia, Melbourne to Bacchus Marsh to Ballarat to Creswick to Calamunda to Nimbin to Lismore and then finally to the heart of Australia, Canberra. I came to the ACT to act and I am a special type of actor. Life is my stage and I am the actor of myself. I paint onto my world and mold my own existence into the pages that lie within the internet.

I invest my heart into those pages and over time they are recognized for their true value. Conclusion As I sit here typing, almost shaking because I want this job so much, I consider what I have written and what else that I could say to prove to you that I am the right person for this job. And I could say so much, but ultimately, if what I have already said will not obtain me this position, then nothing will. I really look forward to hearing from you, for ABC has always been on my heart.

For I have always greatly respected its methods to provide educational entertainment in a receptive format. With love, Wendell Charles NeSmith. I am provided with the opportunity to carry out all of my altruistic investments. What are the heights of human existence when my investments are trickled into all of society?

How far can our human species take us when we collectively and collaboratively learn how to develop our own individual and collective psychology? What could we become if all interested ears were provided with all the tools necessary to obtain their own individual understandings? What could we make society if we only enable the conditions necessary for its evolution? Will the collective understanding ever be geared towards individual understanding?

Dearest ABC, I am a servant for all of humanity, and all I want to do in life is help to the best that I can. I am not currently helping to the best that I can, because I am not involved in any mainstream media.

But what causal change could begin if I was? I humbly stand before you and request that you seriously consider employing me as the host of the Philosopher's Zone. I love philosophy with every bone in my body and no matter where I end up in life. This will never change.

But what can change is how effective I am at my mission to help as many people as possible. Will you please enable the necessary conditions for me to do that? With love, Wendell Charles NeSmith



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



07-1984-Book-30-XXX-My-Hemlock


༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
https://republicka.life
https://kkk.education
CC0 PUBLICKÁ DOMÁNIA
ALL LOVE RESERVED
AMORIARIACKA IS MY NATIVE TONGUE
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
