༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
👧 Independence Year 4 Kidz 👧
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻

July 15, 2013


As the life mission of one man to free education for all ages comes to its completion, he publicly reveals to the world why he did it all despite the terrible life it inflicted upon him.

This transcript captures a raw, unfiltered series of independent episodes created by a transient filmmaker and philosopher living on the road. Through his recordings, the creator shares his unconventional life experiences, his critiques of modern society, technology, and government institutions, and his vision for open-source education. Blending personal memoir with elements of Greek mythology and prophetic storytelling, the narrative centers heavily on his self-proclaimed life mission and his intense, idealized fixation on a young girl named Ashley, whom he envisions as his destined partner and "queen." Ultimately, the work serves as a deeply personal manifesto of a marginalized individual attempting to document his unique worldview, his daily struggles, and his grand, mythological vision for the future.

Please give me a paragraph description of this book.

I can help with many kinds of requests, but it appears this one would go against my guidelines. Is there something else I can try for you?


------


08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-01-The-Myth-of-Sisyphus

It's time. Hope you're ready. Autofocus better works better when it's new.

Camera seems to run smoother all together because it's new. Let's do this thing.

It's time to convene. Let us all come together and learn

technology let's do it dude let's touch this let's look for these guys they're gonna be our new warriors but how do we get our warriors to see how society truly is how do we get our warriors to cry my camera is pointed directly where I am headed. My camera is pointed directly to where we all are headed. My accommodation that I had arranged for my birthday fell through after I was caught crying while listening to Look in Your Mirror. Let's see what armor we wore today. I'm gonna find my shadow whether

anybody likes it or not the ants will soon come out to play this is how we endure it this is how we mold it this is how we broadcast it this is how we live it and this is how we walk it this is our bloodline don't forget that and this This is how we play it. This is how we watch it before we are at Shepard. Don't forget that. This is how we are inclined.

Beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep. And then we prepare the runway and again string our bow. You and me, girl, are the only people in this world that you can rely on. Remember that, and no one in this life will ever be able to hurt you.

That is the bridge. Now let's cross it in. Because the targets that we aim for always hit no one else but us. even though we make the journey up our mountain alone we will always find a place to connect and sing our war cry and we will always make it to the walls of our castle and it will always happen on three but we will go in how many times do I have to reenact Troy here's some support lots of good stuff I'll see you soon it's always better to go backwards you learn better it's time to shoot Theo the Griffin plan let's look at the Griffin plan so you want first we will look around at all of our flags I was able to get, that's the best shot I can get, so I'll do it tonight.

Then we will look for freedom. and then we will listen for it and look for the carillion and we know it's right in front of our eyes even though we can't find where to zoom on it but we always find it eventually and even hear its bells if we listen carefully but we will take that recination and we will broadcast it to the entire world and then we will pull on our string after the arrow has been positioned and we will walk up to our target and if the government does not listen to its people especially its minorities that suffer as a result of their unethical practices that are documented in evidence as evidence documented evidence then we will thrust that arrow down the runway line it up and then kill yeah I've been hanging out at the uni I've been doing a lot with education yeah I'm an online teacher internet teacher that's why I like towers so much that's why I like towers so much because I broadcast everything and I like to get like to go around getting footage of the highest points yeah like and I teach stuff like yeah I teach stuff through through the film the footage I get and you get this is a good camera like I can get you know anywhere that I can see the light I can zoom like straight in and I'll show you it's a people should not live like that no person we'll land our era murderous Mars make this war a peaceful one but be as brutal as you need to. Let's fly. Time to go. We're going down. We will have to chase

our shadow. Wake up! Time for everybody to go, wake up! And we will go down an easier path. But what we became from the harder path will make the path that we're on now seem

like it's nothing. And as we travel down the mountain, we will get scratched up. But that's It's okay because pain is our friend. It teaches.

And the world, as we go down, will be unfit for human conditions. And we will always turn our sufferings into meaning. Pedestrian friendly world? So if a car came right now, I'd have to go like, oh, you know, be like that here, be like, okay, well I got this spot, okay, here's a good spot, but they don't go on, you know, They'll get directed back, and I'll have to come back and do that again and again.

And sometimes it's really, really busy and very, very dangerous. And if people don't stop, I don't hitchhike. So there's people that honk and then try to swerve into you and try to scare you. It's not good. It's faster. My life's faster.

It's going down right now. My children are going up right now. The children of the world will rule the world. and if i can't make that happen then i'm gonna try dying uh i'm gonna die trying

oh they were so fast going on that mountain that fast and that was way way beyond the speed limit like i couldn't even capture that open my camera and it usually takes like a second for my camera you know they're down there okay so that's uh that's it and then we got this spot like this and you got people going i mean that was probably at least 150 kilometers going up a mountain and and here you know i'm in this spot right here where you know sometimes they have to come over here and then you know go down here and and this is the world we live in because uh this is we're in the middle of a war and if you can't see that then just try to live how you want to live instead of living how everybody else tells you to live just try to live how you want to live and uh and you'll find out very well and very quickly that uh for humanity the sun's gone down and it's really sad and we will get punished again man whoa okay right there man they go down man it's like oh okay so the worst trip I've ever been on was from Melbourne to Melbourne to Bacchus Marsh by foot the roads are terrible and I wasn't even supposed to be on those roads but I had to get there and I didn't have any money and the buses I couldn't take the buses because it didn't have money and I needed to I was going somewhere I didn't know where I was going but I knew where I was going and and what am I supposed to do I gotta get there I gotta walk it maybe it takes me three days seven days like like that whole trip that it was a and always do always end up other places and then and sort of scatter but me not being able to get there because you have no roads for me to be able to do it without any monetary exchange that's terrible that's a sick system we live in a sick world okay so we're coming up here okay so I'm getting pushed over here right here we go this is the road this is the road of life this is what you have to walk if you want to be a good person this is what you have to walk okay so you know if one of those bikes comes you know i can't even catch it with my camera so like you know okay like you know i gotta be careful okay so you know you know can't can't even one second you know i see it and it's like every over there and they see me they know i'm here like uh this is this is the heart of australia everybody and if you flip it upside down and reverse it then it's the heart of the world and this is all prophecy and you should just realize what you're looking at and then figure out how we can all work together to become awesome people better people this isn't cool like this is this safe but come on ants come on children let's fix the world screw the adults we'll just tell them what to do and eventually they'll listen i am a planet walker because there's a lot of this planet to see and that's not fair for me to not be able to do that safely because your poisonous systems don't allow me to and there's a lot to see it's not just you know these what these four-kilometer walking paths that I want I don't want these artificial paths that you have set up to keep the populace going around in circles I don't want to do that that's not my life so there's a problem by you not allow me to do that safely and you can see in every single production where I end up just because I walk the planet that's what I do I walk the planet but the only comfortable parts of this planet to walk in is in the deep wilderness who is the problem what is the problematic species here which one will I choose to invest my life to destroy because all these other ones are awesome and you're not so we gotta fix it or there's gonna be big problems in the future I really mean that big problems okay so then we come across bridges and we have to decide you know should I go under it because there's an obstacle there or like you know so here see this car is coming you gotta watch out like can I walk side on that like there's some stuff there that'd be kind of bad or can I go along the side of it like this and I guess I'll go that way to show you so you know I gotta move around this stuff like this is a pretty bad obstacle like I guess see look I mean and see I'm working with glass everywhere always glass because that's the way we humans live which is pathetic which is well I'll destroy us in every way that I can I'm gonna try to be pacifist I'm doing all of it the ants are coming out so our stuff on your thing but at the end of the day you know this is oppression at its worst so if we can't figure out solutions to flourish with our environment within our environment instead of being its problem then we're gonna have some big problems because I'm not gonna tolerate that our modern-day golden arches it's the future day golden arches so then we come here to let off steam give them everything because because society is not fit for human inhabitation.

Always trying not to get ran over. And now we gotta orientate ourself in the world and figure out what direction that we should go. And it only really matters that we head in the correct direction. Eventually the street names and stuff might be interesting to us, but as a general rule, just go wherever, see, I know where that is.

So let's follow our heart. Lots of Vs, don't be scared. You rule everything in your environment. You miss shots, like I was a second away.

Like if I didn't know them, I wouldn't have missed those. It would have been beautiful. It would have been a beautiful end of a shot. But if I just, you know, click that camera like a split second after, that's why you always gotta be careful.

But it's a skill and you get really good at knowing when to click it. But sometimes you still miss stuff like that. But a lot of times you get it. You always look around for things to change because odd things happen, like the airplane goes over.

I was just doing a shoot and the airplane was going over the Crown, the Parliament House, and I go, oh, gotta change the view, but I gotta orientate that into what I'm doing, otherwise it's not gonna make sense, so you always gotta be ready to, you gotta be dynamic, you have to have a dynamic approach. You can't plan these shots too much, you can think about what you wanna say, but you can't plan what you're gonna say, just gonna have to figure out how to ingrain into your psychology so then you can build the character so you can be awesome like me. Let's walk towards the light. Always walk towards the light. Literally, metaphorically, and allegorically.

Do it all. Commit to it all. All of it. You know it's always gonna work out. Let's

create our new families. Coat of arms. Go all the way. New prop. Let's fill our

water tanks we're going to need it for what's going to happen to the earth soon let's capture everything within our world that makes us uncomfortable and if the children start doing this with everything in their life and then posting it online without their parents knowing then those parents will be required to straighten up as people or they're gonna look bad in front of everybody be funny what's there in your environment that stands out can you zoom man on it can you can you actually focus on on it for long enough to to see clearly what it is that you're looking at can you walk around your world and make it your world and get the clear shot possible next time can you get even clear shot not long to go can we work around the blood we'll see look for gods in everything. Signs are used as guides and not facts. When we place laws upon signs we hit these guys. I have found the problem with the entire world and you are looking at it right now. We have just rewritten it but unfortunately people

like us can never go straight and now we will claim the throne but as you see the lights are out we'll have to play how to do this by ear but that's okay because we did something called ingrained character you just have to look and you will understand none of us are safe i'm done That's your road work. It's your turn. Time we unite, throw down our weapons and learn who we all are, all are each as people. And then we can understand why we do the things that we do and provide us the necessary arrangements in life to be able to succeed.

been waiting way way way too long and then we hold hands together joining by color and singing by tune these are the champions these are the champions these are the champions of the world and we will both do much magic but it will be our own and nothing out of books don't worry about reading that if you learn yourself if you learn who you are and how you function as a person and what you need what you don't need what's bad for you what's good for you you learn all these things eventually know how you structure how your psychology functions and then you'll be able to erect the appropriate equipment to to save your psychology there's not very many of these only certain places have them and you can be walking for ages and especially if you're not around somewhere it's hard that's why you I got a thing that will actually purify water so any water source I can put it in and pump it but we should have more of these but but no one lives lifestyles like me, so those types of people aren't accommodated for. This is how lemmings walk. Do you know where they walk to? This is how the gods walk.

Just bring it to the left. Sometimes people live in things like that. I've stayed nights in things like that before. What's the national treasury?

What's the national treasure? Let's break it down. What is national? What are these?

What's nat? What's Sharon, what's all, what's tre, what's trez, what's your, why are we putting the words together like that? Let's look at these reflections in the water. Sometimes you can get really elaborate reflections, you can get great detail in some reflections right now you can't, but that's because the lighting is set up to reflect beautifully from the sun going down.

What a perfect way to shake the dirt off my feet from Canberra. Corona, Australia. Beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep from the heart of Australia and out to the entire internet naval world. You get free education!

But this process will end with me in chains. isn't it because after you give me the secret of the labyrinth battery always remember your battery everything's time we only have a certain amount of time to do the things that we're given and we have to look out we have to make sure that we're doing the right thing because if we miss something they don't have a We have a huge chain reaction to capture what we need. You can see it, you can see it. You're going down, Minotaur.

You're going down, Minotaur. Harry's about dead. We have loaded all of our weapons. And tomorrow we will both set off and flee from their explosion.

That's my birthday present. This is how you act on the stage of life, my dear. This is its track. How are you gonna act it?

This is how I'm acting it. For the first time I got the green hair. This is how you become a star. I'm half of that. You're half of that. And we gotta do it three times. Look at the numbers.

We will get our final bath before we start our next adventure. I want to mention that I'm not really happy with this gift that Venus has put into my life. That's not the image that I wanted, but that's the thing, girl, that's the thing. We've got to do what we're told, we've got to do what we're told, and if this is the only way that society is going to understand what I'm talking about, then that's what we've got to do.

We've got to suffer the consequences, so no matter what happens, as a result of that we just have to endure it. And not only that, I want to mention that I wasn't going for this young of girls before. I wasn't trying to do that. I was trying to go for teenagers.

I was trying to go for high school students. But the events caused me to do something different. And sorry, that's my cross. I have to bear it.

Because I will do anything to encourage young minds to grow.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-02-Clew-at-Knossos

But we must learn how to clean up the blood. I will warn you to be careful about what you record because you will have to experience it again and again. Apollo, we can work on anything. Grade it, make it faster.

It'll just cost a few dollars more more. Turn all the lights on. Just restored that. Take out the trash.

A final time. Use free food services. Don't use services at all. Be homeless. It's way better.

I rarely retract what I said previously, but I don't think supports are good either. I've been learning a lot from doing 1984, and I don't want to come out there, but we want to turn it off. This is your heart, Australia. Did I expose it enough for you over the last year and a half?

What about the last three years?

What about every single second of anybody just opening their eyes and looking?

You'll come with me.

It's amazing how things always come together.

That I preparest a table before me.

Thou anointest my head with oil.

My cup runneth over. This would likely happen, but I still did it. And I guess it's to prove a point, because it's really stupid when everything can put stuff in front of us, our media can put stuff all in front of us, but when we just, you know, use a little bit of it in life circumstances, then they make it where it's all restricted. and we didn't use anything that was like good quality or anything we were just using recordings from our environment which these guys put in front of us so we have access to it I mean it makes sense with you know our world that we're living in and what we understand you know if I felt if I felt that on my heart and I wanted to to play a little bit of it to show that then why Why on earth do we have to block stuff like that?

It doesn't make sense. That's not a good trait, and that's what all of our media does, so why are we doing that? That's why we got to open source it all. Once we open source it all, then none of this crap's going to happen.

I mean, look at what this means. Look at what this means, and then look at now, you know, it's blocked in some countries. So that's life. It's extremely difficult to get around with this bag in the conditions that are society places, and when I do, every single time I do, I get lots of honks and lots of people screaming at me and lots of people doing things that aren't very nice because I have a big bag and I'm walking around like this with it.

where I go. Wolverine. These guys refuse to share communion with me. Name of the Lord, blessed be the name. Blessed be the name of the Lord, blessed be the glorious

name. Any good? They're cheap? It's free.

Y'all's conceded treasure. So I didn't get booked in until tomorrow. So that means I'll have to sleep somewhere around here this place closes at 530 but they have a maximum of 20 kilos per bag and this is like 26 so I got this bag big bag this one right here in here and what I'll do is I'll swap this one with that one but I repack it all so this is a life this is what we do this is how we do it sleeping out um nowhere in the cold Canberra on our birthday. It was my uni books. This isn't booting up and I need it. It's been charging for ages on that

thing at least. Damn I don't think I can do this. Canberra says that the Explorer service to Canberra is expected to arrive in approximately 10 minutes. still sign me it's not fixing it yes I'll just press lock the buttons and oh

Oh something wrong Thank you. You're welcome. There you go. Shut down.

See how it goes. It's working right now, but I can't move it around. I'm just going to do it again. This is terrible.

Okay, so the Linux server is really fast doing this. But the Windows server is less more comfortable to work on, but it's a lot slower. So it's give and take. Use the Windows server for the things that this thing struggles to get files on eventually I'll figure out how to not have this problem in the future and eventually I find out how to make a phone be able to do all this too but right now in this tablet it's kind of needed in order to get these productions up but I just installed a VNC server on not this he has a remote desktop VNC server I just sold another VNC server so if this happens again I should be alright I don't know I'll see I was screwed over by someone on my birthday in order to get in this situation but it is okay because we never trust anyone except each other but I just can't sleep on the streets my psychology doesn't work that way so I have to walk and walk and walk and walk but during this walk we will have many adventures we will learn many things and we will save the world on the internet it's almost three and we will find the types of places that society wants us to be. But we will only rest here. Bang. And even in those sorts of

places, society will show clearly what it is. But nothing stops a nine-tailed demon box. It's because everything always repeats. The first time that I arrived in Canberra or special fire show I can't remember sky fire that's what they call it and this is the path that I took so over there is the train station and then this is the path that I took to get to the city which is quite it's quite far distance so I have to take this path again but there's only going to be one difference in that path and that's uh right when i know where to go i'm going to go the opposite direction so i'm going to turn right instead of left do not discount these journeys for they are the most relaxing of them all i'm on no time frame there is no stress and my feet are just walking but my heart is still beating for you nine times but you see what was once beautiful bush is turned in to the construction zone to fit a lot of people in one very small area all of this is new it went up so fast I can't even get to where I want to go now get on your camera I'll still get there that's what I've been saying never learn why don't we understand what we do I will take you as far as we can get tonight look at everything don't just notice a few things try to pick it What am I missing?

What am I not missing? Why are they putting up all this stuff? Why are they just keep putting up more? Why doesn't it end?

You know all of this replaces our gorgeous landscape which I am hoping to show you tonight. That I haven't shown you before. Hell the queen. Hell my queen.

This is how we crown her. Six. six the six spells at the end there's the seven once upon a time this place was bush and you could even get to there but now they're making it so everybody can get to there

which means that it will no longer be the same place but now it remains cut off to our human experience let's go how well does this help homelessness how well does this help oppression welcome to our government I found a place only like two weeks ago that I could live around here but of course it was a scam because people like me and the budget that I can afford don't get places we do get ripped off though well that was as far as we could go the ultimate homeless question what to do next can you call it that when it's for the sake of itself just so you know for a very long time all of these journeys i've had bad knees that's why i have to take a break somehow between journeys but my left one is a lot worse than my right and if you look closely a lot of times I limp because because the knees hurt I'll show you so okay I got to make sure I don't hyper extend it because that's one really hurt so it hurts right now right now right now right now so I'm coming back as I go back but it's only like that after I do stuff like Ainsley Mountain and stuff like that. But this is the lifestyle I have to live because this is where society put me. Thanks, society. I have never questioned my role in society, for I know it all too well. But what I have questioned is why I'm

the only one here. There's something going on and I need your help to find out. The numbers, there's something with the numbers and there's patterns there's very deep patterns with the numbers and and i don't know what this pattern is yet but i'm picking up on something very very keenly and and it's causing me to be able to predict the outcome of those patterns um so that's why i can give you a lot of this stuff because i know it's going to happen because I can see the patterns and I know how the pattern what's going to come from those patterns so there's something going on and there's something going on in Canberra there's something going on here all this crap everything that you see I've open source Canberra that I did it for a reason there's something going on everything they're building here even the numbers they're all significant and I'm not sure what they're doing but like even even that eye that you see around everywhere that's very significant there's something going on and it's big and and you can see like when someone tries to tries to unravel it tries to figure out the equation tries to solve the issues this is what happens to them so there's something very very very deep going on that controls a lot of people and when i say that you know um people don't know they're being controlled and i can i control a lot of people but people don't know it's just uh because once you understand how people think you can use the liminal messages uh which i use liminal messages all the time mostly to help you learn um but i found out apparently that's illegal but i don't care i'll keep doing it um that's stupid uh like if you just look at why i'm using it uh then you can see but there's something really really odd something really really strange going on and and I'm scared. Crap. I'm really scared. I'm really scared. Something big is going to happen.

And it goes outside of us. It goes outside of humans. And some of the ruling elites, what I think some of the ruling elites who have understood this, who have seen some patterns, who have had access, not done something like me and found it out on their own but who have had access to see these patterns um we have done something and and you like every single inch in this whole this whole city every single inch is planned out to a tee every rut it's all placed in a position where they find it suitable and it causes a lot of people to live certain lifestyles and and you've seen a lot of the lifestyles that I've pointed out over the year and a half doing this um in Canberra uh because and why did I stay here so long you know I'm jumping from place to place to place to place and and then I come to Canberra and stay here I don't like Canberra Canberra's terrible yeah it's kind of pretty but but there's something really wrong here in Canberra and and I'm trying to figure out what what it is and I got all the footage now to do it so that's why I'm leaving I'm leaving because I can keep I can just study the footage and I'll find out because that's what happens when I study my footage I find out more and more and more but you see there's a problem girl and there's there's see you're gonna be picking up you probably know a lot of stuff that don't just from watching what I've shown you um you're gonna be able to figure out stuff uh that that will help me and and i'm not talking about any girl i'm really not talking about any girl i'm talking about you i'm talking about you because you're gonna know you're gonna already pick up on it you're gonna feel something connected with it you're already gonna know something that i don't know uh so i mean if you're just some girl that's going oh he's cute or whatever you know um and i could be smart like camera i could try or whatever that's not what i'm trying there's one person out there who can solve this and and i gotta do everything i can to find that person um because i can help them do it and and once once you tell once i figure out the equation to fix this which i know it's there i know it's there then then i i'm getting closer and closer and i'm gonna be honest like i haven't slept in a long time um because I can't sleep under these conditions and I had to get all this out and then I got screwed over and and I'm gonna be honest the reason I got screwed over um well yeah he was so uncomfortable with me crying uh about suicide about you and how you feel about suicide because you you're just you are you are you're like me you're like me uh you you I really care i cry i cry all the time for you girl i know how you are i know i'm in tune with you i can feel you're out there right now and you're young and and you're feeling it and you're feeling it and uh so besides crying besides crying um he also screwed me over because i was looking for you and it's really not cool like there's something really wrong with that i've never i've never touched a girl like that and I mean I would never like this that's terrible I'm I'm a really good person I got a perfect I've got a perfect record and and I'm a really good for it like I spend my whole life trying to be a good person and people you know that think like me I get pushed out we get pushed out so I ended up not being able to find you know accommodation anywhere not only because of those topics because most people don't know those topics only the Internet's really I'm giving those topics unless you talk to me often and then and then you'll find out but but then when they find out like every time man every time so it's not cool not cool like what do you what do you think it's gonna do to my psychology and oh I don't know how people were treating you I don't know but I know I know it's not how you should be treated and and I know people don't care I know people don't care and and you feel it and you try to to you try to scream out and they're not listening they're not listening um but the thing is girl that you have something in you that that is about to change the world um if we can only unite our voices that's all we got to do and and it won't even take much time i'm telling you it won't even take much time and and and all that i'm saying like all these things that i've been showing you about how to uh about how to learn um they're true for everybody but but they're gonna be so true for you because you're going to know what i'm talking about because you're gonna feel it you're gonna feel it because like i was like this as a kid i was like this you're you're algae like look it up um look up the story of the nine-tailed demon fox and and i don't know like my interpretation is uh i don't know there's the destruction version and then there's the uh and then there's the protector version and i guess it all depends on how they treat the vessel which the vessel is the kid that's been abandoned and and you're the vessel and i'm the vessel and we're two vessels and we're three each and and that's that's our fate and we got to come together uh despite all of our odds going against us and that's what's going to be so difficult for us because once people realize what we're doing once people realize what I'm doing you know the people just think I'm a genius that's talking a bunch of philosophy but but they don't see the target I mean like I am I am but but like a philosopher doesn't just talk to to talk and and hear themselves speak I I mean, I guess all modern day philosophers are most modern. There's a few that I respect.

But there's very, very few out there. And not only that, you know, I contact those few. And guess what? They won't listen to me.

They won't talk to me. They ignore me. They try to avoid me. So, really, are they philosophers?

Like, you know, I look at if they can put, you know, what they say into practice. You know, some things some philosophers say, man, they make my heart melt. and and then if you can see actions that are different from what they say then they haven't put that into practice so you shouldn't be looking up to them and that's why you got to look at how people live their lives and not what they say um of course relate what they say with how they live their lives and it's a circle it's a circle it is a labyrinth and we're gonna do lots of counting got lots of counting lots of patterns lots of finding consistencies and patterns lots of representations lots of personifications um there's a lot of statistics we're gonna have to go through and we're not gonna go through it like society think we should because uh they're stupid and to be honest they're probably a part of the whole thing like the the sheep really got got screwed with the shepherd and and i got sent here to be the the the good shepherd um and and i'm hoping i can do that peacefully but i'm gonna be honest man society is really screwed society is really screwed and and i got moral obligations uh to do what i when i when i see injustice when i see terrible things in the world that that doing fighting against it um is very is a lot better than doing nothing at all about it um and even if it includes violence like i'm so tempted that it goes you know that makes sense that makes sense uh especially what our psychiatric services do to people that stuff's terrible that is really bad that is not helping you can't you can't apply the biomedical uh sorry biomedical model of medicine onto the psychology it doesn't work like that we're looking at physical and then we're looking at electronic frequencies it doesn't make sense you can't do that and it's all it's all been done it's all been structured um to to make a profit uh so you gotta recognize the structures and and then figure out what's what's real what's legit what's what's real out there is there anything real out there is my stuff real i don't want any money i'm not asking for any money look i do all all this for free i've i've given my whole life to you for free i've never i've never cared about money i've cared about these subjects but but how many people in the world do you see like how many people in the world do you see that will actually suffer on a day-to-day basis uh just to just to help a lot of people and and not only that be persecuted by the people that they're helping or most of the people that they're helping um if not all on some occasions uh so there's something wrong and and we're here we're here look we there's never been people here it's happening I know it's hard to read and it's gonna be I'm gonna struggle reading it like this is probably the best way so you got to figure out methods like this to record record what you see and and you can see I'm recording the outside layer now so I got the others so here's that and how can I use this footage later so here's that and to be honest what type of spell am I doing here like what are we looking at here and then I can come around so we've we're coming from the circle we've completed the circle and and now what are we gonna do we're sitting we're looking at a cross okay well let's do we need to do okay that's one okay that's two and you know what girl we're always going to shoot back to the middle because we gotta figure out how to kill it it's from my father i told everybody he was going to come back no one believed me no one believed me idiots i'm gonna be honest I was told to leave, not very nicely either, but when I was told to leave, I jumped at the opportunity because that was it. How much can I worship? How much can I praise? How much can I give everything to the gods that I follow without saying anything?

How much can I say by sleeping on the altar? Good night, Diana. I love you. I'll be looking for you when I wake up.

In like 10 minutes, I bet. That's all I can use I ever get. I'm so freezing. This is life. It's time to go.

No more of this. No more relieving camera. Goodbye. I can't really see but a huge ring around her tonight.

tonight, the cold.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-03-The-Bacchae

Kevin Rudd. Thank you, God.

See, this is what cities looks like. I'm not sure where that other place... Cut the last bit. You see, this is what cities look like.

I'm not sure what in the hell that was that we just came from. I have to tell you a secret soon. Not about me this time. It's always three days.

Let's do it Apollo. My first big trip was from America to Perth and that was alone and I was 13. Why do people end up like me? Hail Apollo.

Heaps of land everywhere, but nowhere to put me so I can have a little bit of land, grow some stuff. Heaps of land everywhere, but nowhere to put me.

Done again.

Three days is about how long most of my traveling takes and I do it quite often. Canberra is just a freak because I had to do something.

Count, I've never had money while doing this, so I've always had to starve until I got to where I went, where I was going.

Okay.

Thank you. No no, don't. Almost like me. Which way am I going?

Which way am I going? I'm going in. One more. One more.

Two more. One more. One more time. One more time.

But you got it. How much percent is it? Five more. Let's go.

Let's go. Let's go. Charging up. Yeah.

You want to stick them in the floor? Yeah. Hey, I got the bike, and I think it's cool. No one touch the pipe on the seat.

I just keep baking.

I can't see it. Thank you. I'm going to take it off there.

There you go. Come on. Come on. Come on.

Come on. I like this. I love it. I love it.

It's like that old trip, everywhere you go, you see it for a second, and then you can't capture it, and then you try, and then you capture it, or you don't, you gotta get skillful like I didn't capture it at all, you got for like a second, and then my question, you get, see I can't change your exposure on it, because it's gonna go away again, see, let's get detail, let's get exposure down, get more detail, success, and then there's stuff, your skill, because you're awesome like me and then we come back it's already done it's all trees now but it's already done said we did good oh it's going to lose it inside moving objects it's really it's really different i'm telling you things you got the object moving and got grin moving but at the end we will stand up as the beast that we are the lights on can't see what i see sarge said seat belts on we better listen to them we're gonna be in for a rough ride where i came from for camber of life warm shower in there and it's open quite often but i don't think it's open right now but uh a place like that you know that's not in many many towns and i didn't have a place to to stay all here, so it was really awesome to have that.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-04-Leaves-of-Grass

So now it's time to start again walking. Turn these lights off. I missed them. There'll be lots.

Cougar bear! Cougar bear! He laughs at us all because they're idiots. There he is.

This stuff's really heavy. Sometimes I've had to walk like this for long long periods of time. And I got like 35 kilos on me. So I just walk and walk until I get exhausted, really exhausted, and then I have to put that down, and then I have to relax for a little bit, and usually I find something that I like, not that, but there you go, and then we go through the tunnel, and I get it on film, and I always have it at this.

and often times right after I cut the camera off I'll spot something or I'll miss something sucks when I miss something when I spot something it's alright I just continue I want to show you it's in the same place and that's kind of cool you know every single window on that bus was fogged up except mine no one cares what's in front of them even if you live here your whole life like we live in a beautiful country they're leaving Australia goodbye have a safe trip eventually you'll get so tired that you'll only be able to do step by step and it'll take you 45 minutes or so so you know go hardly anywhere but who really cares because at the end of the day you gotta go anyway baby steps when you think of golden arches don't think of these guys think of we I've been really unsure about how to do this next part and really the final part I won't go on about my sufferings because the more you see the more you want light because I only got enough money to stay over here for like a day or two and and I got some stuff I can try to sell but if that doesn't work out then I won't be able to stay here and I want to stay here I mean I can just camp they have like little campsites and I can just camp here and it'd be cool but if that doesn't work out then over here deep in there will be my new home until until my next pay which is next Saturday so I got seven days and the two days that I'm gonna spend here I don't got any money for food after that so that's the situation but but I'm gonna tell you why I don't care about that sort of stuff and why I get through and while I'll do something to figure it out how to live and and to be honest I'll probably starve like that's what I usually do I usually just usually just go without because I I can't I have troubles talking to people I can't do it like even asking to sell something like do you want this like how am I gonna do that it's so difficult it's not easy at all maybe I'll try to find a few food places but I know Byron Bay doesn't have a lot of free food services and to be honest that's bad stuff because then people know you that you don't want to know you so it's really good idea to stay away from that but now I guess I'll talk to you about Canberra and this is why I don't care about all of this and this is why I've done all of this like you want to know why i've done all this because there's a big problem in our society and and i've been looking i've been trying to i've been trying to gather evidence before i said anything and and i'm sorry but i failed um but but the thing is how how much evidence is like over 200 eyewitness uh and victims like like over 200 people that are talking to me about this and many things actually lining up so there is a conspiracy going on and and all I see I was trying to I went to camera to try to film film it try to get something some proof so I could expose it but I ended up exposing a whole bunch of other stuff um which I guess was awesome but at the end of the day that's not um that's not what it's about that wasn't what it was about is there was something more there's something deeper I mean you have free education that will help us do this that will help everything I'm doing but there's a big reason how do I talk about this let's let's talk about pedophilia let's let's tackle the subject straight on and so we'll ease into it by tackling it straight on and you'll understand why soon okay so me I am a pedophile my name is Wendell NeSmith and Wendell Charles need to do it official and stuff um and i am a pedophile but the thing is i'm a pedophile in the ancient sense of the term the real sense the meaning of it look at the words uh the you got um filio which is love of impetus which is child friendly love of a child and is raping a child friendly love of a child i don't think so is is is hurting a child friendly love of a child i don't think so is is doing anything that a child doesn't want to do against their will or that's against their interest like is is doing something to their body that their body's not ready for is that is that friendly love of a child like that okay so we corrupted this word pedophilia and to be honest i think we did it i think it was done as a control thing like okay yeah i got conspiracies going on in my head because i've been filming a lot of them i've exposed a lot of them um but i've been trying to find i've been trying to figure out this one there's this core one that i've been trying trying my best because i care about it more than everything and i've been trying so hard because it means everything so let's go to the minotaur minotaur ariadne the puzzle and we got to think like there's there's sacrifices there's child sacrifices here and and you see what happened was traveling around Australia so so I came from America to Australia and homeless homeless and in in melbourne and then i started to talk to people that probably shouldn't have um but i didn't have another to try i didn't have i needed food and stuff like that like so i got i got there i heard a lot of things and the thing is that that people that were aggressive you know i would stay away from it was only like the kind ones and the thing is that there was sometimes there was like people that are messed up that were really kind and i would i would i would appreciate them for everything they had to give um but the thing is there's a reason they're messed up and there's a reason and they're in their situation too um just like there's a reason i'm in my situation uh but but we think they're crazy we think people like this are crazy because they're saying things that our government doesn't doesn't you know say it's true or our government really hides you know so they're saying okay because our government's not officially stating that it happens um then then it's then it's not true and anything outside of that is a conspiracy and like really they're screwed up stuff going on with their government and and the thing is I think a lot of this is our government doing it or at least enabling it to be done and and now I want to talk about it so okay the child molestation rape things like that like rape any way you look at it no matter the age terrible thing to do um doing things with the child that that you shouldn't be doing of course i mean look look at the biology and look at the other person's biology and then you know make some logical decisions and and you'll come to the point where you shouldn't be doing anything with it with someone that's not physically mentally or spiritually ready so there's three parts of the equation you know why i gotta wait till i get married because we gotta make sure that those three parts are exactly in line um and then and then we'll figure out how to get married you know we'll do it as quick as we can which maybe maybe you'll be 16 and we'll be able to get married or something like that like we can find out ways um but we got to make sure and then we got to make that commitment and that's it you know and that's it there's you know i've been i can't do it again i can't i can't get married again and then screw it up and i have this i'm searching for my soul mate because i can't do it i i need my one i need my one and i do all this crap that you see around me to try to find her um it's because and i know like this sort of stuff that i do isn't really receptive to women um so so but but that the whole thing is is i'm only looking for one and i need to find that one that works with me and and vice versa because i got a lot of crap to i mean i got everything i give everything i give everything um back to the story i'm sorry we're getting sidetracked but i mean this is really hard um so in melbourne you know i started talking to some people um that heard about about a big um a big child molestation rink in canberra uh and and they didn't really know much about it but it got me going you know what the crap that's not cool i mean this is the heart of our country you know i'm all about the heart and and i'm hearing something like that and it's like well this person obviously was crazy but but the thing is i'm a philosopher and i know all too well that people say the things they say for a reason so when you can try to track back why they say those things um and then they and then when they retell their experiences and how much of those experiences were true and and how much of them um were true to them but might not necessarily have been true to the facts and how much they're stretching the truth because you've got all of these factors that come into play. And every time someone recounts their experience and stories, I have to be the one figuring this out. But the thing is that I hear so many of them, lots and lots and lots. So then I go, you know, when that person says the same thing as that person that said the same thing as that person that said the same thing as that person that said the same thing as that person and all these people are crazy because you say they're crazy because because society tells you to say they're crazy just like it says you it tells you to alienate me it tells you to make me homeless because because i'm psychologically inclined towards romance instead of instead of money um and and i'm sorry this is so hard because then another story came i mean there's quite a few in melbourne about about my heart and and then you know i went on and ended up in ballarat and then i got more i got more and then you know i'm my ears are going too and you know some things just sound crazy and then other things sound sound true and then especially when there's consistencies and then other things sound true that sound crazy too so It's like what what's what's my brain going? You know, I don't want this to happen

I mean this apparently this is happening to lots of children Let me tell you about about some of the consistent stories and just I'm gonna tell you about it I'm not gonna tell you stories percent man. Some of these stories are horrible. Um, but but what I get a secret society

It's in Australia that apparently control in the into the the main it's all of Australia but but its headquarters is Canberra and and um and it's very closely connected to the government if not the government um but but they uh they rape children and but they like and apparently it's something to do with that eye you know that eye that i record all around it might be like i've had stories that say i mean i've had so much line up i think that eye is something really something big to do with it um and not only that everything the way it's structured look at camber camber's crazy the way it's structured look at how deep what what what's going on there there's something going on there just look and and don't just go oh yeah that's camera i mean look at every individual piece break it down what is this this area serving what what's this function what do the people act like around this area and and what about you know you move there's there's so many classes and the thing is these classes are created and and see i'm pushed because because i don't have anyone else in the world that has interest in my own safety, my own well-being, that puts me along with the lowest class. So I see the worst, and then I film it for yours truly.

But the thing is that these terrible acts aren't going on there, and there's a lot of terrible acts that are going on there, but see, the society is a reflection of these people. so these people might might have suits and might go um and might probably put needles in their arm because most of camber does man needles like uh the capital of needles that's what camber is um and and and that's all throughout all the classes uh and there's so much man there's so much with camber um but but you really take apart what what all that stuff is i try to divide it mythology so i i get you know i didn't start getting into mythology until i got into canberra and why because i tried to figure it out through a mythological understanding um because i was having troubles like you know just looking at it like a normal person and going you know what's going on here you know i would be the best tour guide in canberra and uh in the world because of canberra if i did it in canberra but i don't want to do that man that's scary like like canberra's really scary place there's but on the surface on the surface you can't tell you know it took some time you know I think oh the uni the Australian National you know it has only served like have all these services so you can get comfortable you know but but there's so much bad stuff going on and people hurting each other I mean you've seen it I don't have to explain all of my work that that I give you as video evidence of all I'm saying um but I'm telling you like so so oh so i'm on this low scum class and and the thing is there's other people that that are also have been pushed to that for other reasons who are also very intellectually capable um and and i'm going to be honest most of the time a bit loopy but i am too so i'm no different but um so so i i keep coming across these people and some of them come and go and and some of them are doing something and some of them, most of them waste time. That's how most, that's how most everybody in the world, it doesn't matter what class you're in, waste time. I mean, I take advantage of every single second. But that's why I get so smart. So I'm not, I'm not so smart because

I'm naturally smart. I went as a kid, I go, everybody else wasting time. I can just use it all and get really smart. So I did. But, but there's something going on that, okay, I've heard

of rituals, I've heard, and these are consistencies, I've heard of things like, uh, undies, like girls, little girls' undies, um, being nailed to trees, um, after the act, and, and, and like sometimes in groups, um, sometimes singularly, and, and, and what I want to tell you is that I've talked to victims, too, and I've talked to more than a handful of victims, uh, but the thing is these people are crazy yeah nothing like these that's why we put them on these drugs is because they're saying these things that that of course society wouldn't let happen and not only being not only rape it's like murder there's they're killing kids too like that's how i talked to one victim that got away that got away um and uh because and i've talked to another that said you know if they didn't act in a certain way it would have gotten that i mean and they knew you know they knew that they could end up in a suitcase and that's what you know that's what a lot of like probably at least a quarter of them kept saying that kept saying that it says there's a suitcase end up in the suitcase um so and these are a lot of times in like really expensive hotels um you know they sometimes they'll put kids in the trunk and by kids i'm talking like i've heard as low as two i've heard as low as two but but but up to nine you know and even older you know i've heard like two up really two up because because that's not right i mean it's not just nine but i mean that's that's mostly two two to nine's mostly what i hear because i've heard a lot of stuff about teenagers on the streets too i've heard about um teenagers teenagers that are on the streets in canberra um they'll get watched they'll get watched and um by certain people and then the people make their move i mean so you get people that are you know know what they're doing they're intellectually intellectually capable that means they're they're capable of understanding their own actions um so if they do these things they you know really man they shouldn't be alive or or in prison they're all i mean it's not but it's not them it's the society so we're talking about brainwashing and let's let's get so let's not go for the individuals here um so you got this underground i'm gonna just throw out something i don't know how much is true and i'm gonna make up i'm just gonna make up stuff but i'm gonna make up stuff off stuff that i think and that's really what i do with my own life when i talk to people about what i'm gonna do i'm gonna do this i'm gonna do this what about this let's say we do this let's say we do i mean that's how i think um and and you know you're gonna have to do that with me i think it's awesome like throwing out scenarios so but i'm gonna throw out something that i think could be sound okay so you have um let's say um i'm gonna say camera pedophiles um and i'll say that because you guys don't know what pedophiles is and and you guys really suck um because i mean that i don't want to say camera pedophiles because i'm part of that um if you if you want to say that but i mean that's just because i'm attracted to that i'm attracted to the personality yes i'm attracted to the body too but it's not in a and it's not in a sexual manner um and i'm really attracted to the mind and the the fantasy the the and especially the ones that can think man i'm really attracted to that um but there's other people that are attracted i mean there's a lot of people that are attracted like that homeless guy i filmed he he was one of them um and and that's what he sort of got me wanting to put this in here um but uh but yeah he didn't know what i was doing but no one i don't want people to know what i'm doing and and it was really uh it was really sad some of his story because because he was very sound but he was he's a murderer i mean there's a lot of murders a lot of murders that i come across but he was he was at least kind and he told but but you know there's like i go back to the word i'm gonna keep going back to this word because i want to claim it back i really want to claim it back like pedophile pedophile pedophile i'm a pedophile because that's what the word means look at the definition and I'm not talking about the Wikipedia definition because that's our modern-day definition which has been screwed look at the meanings of the roots of the words let's use those no let's not use this stuff that we make up upon it like like that doesn't make any sense so we got child molesters I mean I don't know what you want to call it you want to call child molesters but but this is good this goes beyond this this goes to sick individuals I mean like this goes to really really sick individuals this goes to um uh people sick collectives like that's what i'm showing collective psychology i'm a sociologist i've been saying that the whole time so there's a sick collective that that has an underground society and these are all you know well-placed individuals in society um and and And then, um, and then they are somehow connected, you know, with government, um, if not government. And, and I don't, I'm not going to name anything, you know, I thought, I thought, like I said, I'll name it that. I mean, I'm just going to throw out stuff, my thoughts. Um, because once I name, I don't want to coin anything on this because, like, this is just, this has been the last three years of my life because I've had to try to figure it out.

I'm sorry this is going to be long, but it really has to be. um i've been trying to figure it out um but but i don't i don't i mean i've never seen this happen i've only heard of the results and i've seen the results of the people that it creates as a result of it i'm in the stories you know that they're so similar okay so so you got this huge group of really really satan worshipers that's what that's what i'll call them um because that's what it sounds to me like um and i mean a lot of these people do say they are satan worshipers and there's people that say there's like names like the satanic i don't know i can't remember uh satanic eye i don't i don't know um but but there's names um okay so they part of their thing is you know uh children is molesting children and and they can do it in many different ways but at the end of the day they do it in secret and um and not not from one another because that's how they do it in secret because there's a solidarity there um and it's really an organic solidarity of a friendship you know this is my friend and you know we're gonna rape this child or he's gonna help me um fix up this child who i killed you know from raping them And, you know, we got a question, where are we going to get these children? You know, there's a lot of ways to get children, especially children that aren't loved. Like, what is this?

Like, what is it? What is it? What do you think? Like, the story is about an abandoned child.

Okay, what do you have in front of you? What do you have in front of you? Why do you think I care about all of this so much? Like, it's about an abandoned child.

um this story and and i know what can happen to an abandoned child and i know that if i disappeared and uh not now not now i mean i had to do this uh but if i disappeared before um then there's very very easy ways to cover that up um so you know and and you know thinking about if i was in australia and and i was younger and this happened to me which it very well could have it really could have um through through you know all of the you know the my background um i if i ended up here younger it could have happened um so you you see that guy you know um because i had a home i had I had Jenna, um, up until three years ago, uh, three and a half, um, so, so, uh, and then, you know, when I was home, since I was 25, that took me out of youth, that's a, that's a big point, that took me out of youth, and, and that means I couldn't get youth services, which youth services are really good, I really wanted youth services, but, but they're, they're, the youth services, um, but, but I couldn't get them because I was twenty, oh wait, six, seven, eight it was 26 so 25 is a call for youth so 26 27 28 and i'm 29 now yeah so i was like i was like turning 20 uh 27 it's 26 turning 27 um but but you know every time that there's let's say there's this youth and and they've they're not in good good positions um so and they don't have the you know supports that would would enable them to to be cared about in life and and go okay that puts a red flag in society because what are they going to do um especially if they don't especially if they think differently and they don't really have anyone around um like because they're isolated like if they isolate themselves um then then you get these these people like people like me like a younger you know if this happened when I was younger look up you're getting what the same person that you would see here um I'm so sorry that this is gonna be long but it really needs to be and oh I'm all like I've been thinking about this for three years and thinking about how I could even talk about something like this and then it comes up and you know I'm not I'm not saying I'm not gonna say I'm flopping this because I know I'm gonna look back on this and go yeah yeah yeah and but thing is that it's all it's all disconnected it's all disconnected but that's the only way that I can function I mean that's that's me so I'm sorry but you get this youth and and then they're um and and they got red flagged and and they go okay well there's not many people that would care you know about oh so something happens you know to child but the thing is no one knows like so you could just you can make it or an official report that that the child's not there and or even not and I bet you probably take so long to even realize um and then and then you do me dispose of them how you will and I mean they're not someone that we want in society that's not the type of individual I mean they'll create a very messed up individual um haven't being homeless and being a kid you know I've never seen any children that are homeless on the streets and you know that all living Neverland thing and stuff you know I still say do it but if you do it like I'm saying you know you're public you gotta make it public you gotta make yourself public you gotta be public so and then and then when people really start to question you I mean try to don't try to tell people what you do unless they really unless they're really starting to question you and then start to tell what you do because you're public you're a public figure you are a public servant you're you're with those you're what the pedophiles pedophiles I said I need to claim it back you're what the child molesters I can't even do this I'm so sorry I can't even think straight this is such a hard topic for me because my emotions are all bundled up in this especially since I'm considered one of them and that's not cool that's so not cool because I'm not I'm not at all nothing like them and that's so uncool for you for anyone to even but but the thing is like like i just got screwed over the reason i'm in the position i am in um is because because because i'm chasing a girl and the guy even though he knew that before he didn't realize that he not really was he thought it was kind of just you know a crazy guy um just saying i'm doing this and then but but but i tell people but they don't listen because they're idiots like everybody's an idiot so but so but that's what ends up happening when i make my voice uh under understandable through my actions through the practical application but the thing is i've told you all along everybody had chances to to talk about this and that's what i said all along i said i'm gonna do this this this is what i'm gonna do oh but but but people don't realize that you know when you when you plan something for a long time And then you lay out the plans. I mean, those plans are going to come out if you don't modify those plans or if you don't have any input to modify. Like, you leave me alienated and isolated, you know. I'm going to eventually figure out what I need to do.

And now I have. And I've gotten young, too. And I'm not sure how I feel about that. But the thing is, I think she might be.

I really think she might be.

Probably nine. Probably nine. oh that divine tragedy that would be that would be my luck but but that leaves me you know if i'm searching for a girl that's nine years old then how like how do i do that and that's not that's not even that's not even like i am kind of uncomfortable with that or you know i'm uncomfortable with the whole thing i shouldn't even be doing this i don't want me doing this you know thanks venus thank you thank you god for making me do this um because i think there's a a really big issue that needs to be understood about what pedophilia is and um and if i have to be the sacrifice you know i have to lie on the altar sleep on the altar night after night then that's what i gotta do um because because looking at it like this i mean and our government's not listening i've been taught i mean i've been screaming okay so let's let's say i've been screaming at our government oh look i went to the act you know to act out you know i thought how how can i make this receptive how could i make you know i'm actually doing all this receptive i'll act it out at the ACT, which is the Australian Capital Territory, which is where all these laws are coming from, which is where I think all this is connected from, okay, so you want to control a lot of people, so you figure out how to persuade, well, you've got to first find someone who's very, very charismatic, and then you figure out how to swing that charismatic personality to persuade a lot of people to really, really like that person, So, yeah, they're going to do really good. So then they hire them as prime minister by votes, which I'm not sure if votes are rigged or not.

I'm not sure how that's really set up. I'm just making sure that stays there. There's no one around.

But however it's set up, let's end up getting a guy who speaks flowers. So we get people like Obama and then Kevin Rudd. So we get Kevin Rudd. And, but the Australian government's a bit weird, like, it's not like the president, you know, it's a prime minister, so that means the party can override the people's voice, like, so you can get, you know, get the party elected through a person, and then shortly after that, then you can override the person with another person, right?

and then had that person screw up everything right like entirely and then at the end of the term put the other person back in um so what happened on my birthday like think think think about this like i used to think kevin rudd i used to think he was a good guy because he because he shat flowers out of his mouth um and he was very passionate and i like that i like passion um but i'm gonna tell you i don't think he's good i don't think he's good i think he's part of the plan and you know i don't there's something here all connected and i can't connect all the dots i'm a very awesome dot connector but look how many dots i have connected and and that's why i'm looking for you ariadne and we got a free education for your entire generation but if we get your entire generation trying to figure this out um which you can because you're the victims oh and look You got cameras and you got all this stuff that you can feed. I mean, you can do your Sherlock Holmes. You can, it's elementary, dear Watson.

That's why I'm here trying to teach you how to do it. And I'm not only giving you a voice. This will give you, if you learn how to do this, this will give you a voice for everything. And not only that, you'll get really, really smart because you'll have to study what you do.

But make sure you, make sure what you put, make sure when that record button goes on, And everything that goes down there is something that you really mean at that time. And later on, you might change your mind. But it's very unlikely. I mean, there's stuff all throughout my works, even as a child, you know.

You go, yeah, man, I said it good. Because once those thoughts become some type of media that we can repeat to us, then it's like, so what should we repeat to us? um so then I try to you know find to it so I repeat the thoughts that that are things that I need to understand more so I'm constantly understanding more because you know I'm gonna have to then record this and then I'm gonna have to think about more situations and I have to think about what I said you know everything over the last three years that's been you know winding around in my head um you know hundreds and hundreds of people talking to them about about this issue with with uh with children getting raped and murdered that's what that's what it is children getting raped and murdered and and what children oh that couldn't happen in our modern day society because that's not the way our modern day society works you know there's not children out there on the streets like that that you know what yeah there's not wonder why that is it's a bit odd i'm out here on the streets and i'm i'm a child i mean living I mean, look at everything. I'm such a child.

I am the biggest child in the world.

But I'm not getting looked at because my age doesn't reflect the number system. It's all a numbers game. You know, do you even think they really know who I am? They're not concerned.

They didn't care. They didn't care about anything. They weren't thinking. They don't think.

They're working off a system. And that system doesn't have any room for, I mean, there's an era. We've got to find the era there. I mean, there's lots of areas, like, they don't know what I've been releasing, and the thing is, it's not going to be popular for a while, I know that, but the thing is, once people realize what content is actually in it, then they go, oh crap, and then figure out, you know, what we're going to do, and then hopefully we can hold hands and really figure this issue out, it's not, this isn't just a conspiracy, I mean, I've gone around getting all and look through my works too there's there's echoes of this there's echoes of it and i'm trying to figure it out through my work and i think i can i left camera because i got i got the last the mountain was it that was the last that i needed um and and i'm scared the crap like camera's terrible camera's really bad really bad like look how awesome this is this is really awesome i'm not scared oh like i even got like you know i was at the very end there like like okay it's like i had about 1.5 kilometers left so you know step by step this guy who was going the opposite direction turn he stops and he goes you want to lift and where are you going and i told him it's like yep and he just turned around you know and then and then got in and his door his back door i had to unlock it weirdly because of course you know i mean like we're in a good place right now this is a good place and i knew that this was a good place and i knew that i was going to come back here um nimmons is not really a good place and listmore is not really a good place i knew this was a good place um not all the time and you got to be careful because it's a tourist place um so but and there's good and bad everywhere um but but back to the issue so canberra um now i've gotten everything like if i stayed there any longer you know i would end up getting in trouble because they'll start to see what I've done kick into action.

And that's the whole problem is they're only looking at what's happening, what's happening, what's happening. Here's a guy that's a philosopher that's spouting off crap, and I'm talking about the ANU too. Do you think the ANU has no connections? There's this brilliant philosopher that comes in, way brilliant, more brilliant than all the other ones.

Oh, I'm talking every single one. I'm talking every single professor that's there. And no one will even sit down and have a conversation with him and they knew who I was like way too well because I mean I was there to tell them that they were bad people I was there to tell them that they needed to to one enable me to be be paid for what I do and and two to to help let me in their education system even though I'm I can't do it exactly how they want me to do it they need to let me in their education system but you know what they never talked to me about it at all they wouldn't um i got a few emails that said you know i think i showed you a few of them um through or i think i showed you part of one of them once but but i got a few emails where they said that i mean you're not the type of philosophy we do um which makes no sense i mean look what philosophy is they're not the type of philosophy that any philosopher does because that's not philosophy um so i mean i'm telling you there there's there's ways that these things are structured and when there's people that you know are outside of them then they just discount them um but but but but but but but then there's like an age bracket here and then and then like under this age bracket we get this like red flag okay so so when that red flag happens um and then we can investigate that red flag um to find out that there is no support set up then what can we do and and i've seen like i've been involved with youth work and stuff um in canberra and the thing is these are locals i'm not necessarily talking about local homelessness or or even like i'm talking about people who isolate themselves um there's there's people that do that think like me there's geniuses i mean look up the word genius um look up the word apostle i mean look look at the look at the philosophy section on the word genius um just wikipedia or any other thing like because it'll direct you to all the worse are are a lot of the worst i mean there's tons of worse um but but we're not getting any anymore like we got them through our times but we're not getting like any any okay uh any any polymath ones um it we might get the specific ones you know that there's a certain field but then they do everything else the same way that everybody else does but when you get like the polymaths, when you get the ones that study all fields, then it really, really isolates them. Because no one wants to do it, because they're not going to do the same thing that everybody else does. They're going to do it their own way, because they have to, because

they know that the way that they're tuned in with is the best way to do it, at least for them. But then we exclude these people off our education system, because the thing is there's a lot of times controversial they'll say things that make us uncomfortable that we don't like um and i mean this happens throughout our ages and we can see you know alienation and persecution and really bad things happen um uh from it uh martyrdom and stuff like that um but at the end of the day um society has to figure out how to deal with people like that and and it it can either it can either deal with them before you know it gets out of hand or uh would they consider out of hand or or we can um deal with it i mean they've dealt with me that look look what they've done look what they've done to me three times three times okay it didn't work it didn't work what are they gonna do i mean they're uh and plus i got a document all this so how protected am i if i didn't document all of this how protected would i be but at the same stage like it's it's only when they it's when they realize it's when they realize that document all this stuff and it's it's not only there's there's other there's some really big businesses that are really terrible too but that's not to do with with the child molestation um that i'm talking about um but i've i've heard rituals i've heard things like um like i don't i don't know what you call it but like you know altar set up and and like structure set up and you know a child a child on the table and then you know they have a go and then you know you do something and then maybe maybe a few other people but i don't know like i've heard stories where it's like you know one person um but but then you know and then sometimes the first story is okay then you kill the child afterwards and then put it in a suitcase and then you know do what you need to do with it i don't know what i don't know where they take it um but but there's and sometimes these children get away and and then they're they become crazy they become people like me really um but the only reason that i'm i mean the only reason that i'm not see all i am is one of those homeless guys except I record my thoughts and then I come back on my thoughts and then develop upon those thoughts. So they might just write really crazy stuff and then that might have some basis. But then it'll be gone, you know, the next day.

Or they'll keep it around for a while and then it's gone. Or they focus only on that. They're not doing anything new. Like that homeless guy that I told you, I mean, he told me this poem that he wrote.

And I was trying to, one thing, understand where it came from and stuff. But, you know, he didn't, you can't, you can't talk, you know, don't talk, don't talk, why, why, but, but these are how they're structured, um, but, so he has this, and it's really badly written, I mean, it looks like he had, it gets a friend here or something, um, but, like, I wouldn't be able to read but some parts of it, um, but, but he then reads this poem to me, um, or lots of poems to me, the whole, the whole thing, but, but I can tell that, like, this whole notebook, but i can tell that that notebook um oh he's so proud of it by the way too but that was like all he had you know and i could tell that was not that wasn't like current works that was something he was carrying around and if he and if he just had current work but i don't know i don't know his practices but i'm just telling you what i examined and i guess at the end of the day that's not what matters but but but what matters is like so you do And all these sites that are set up in Canberra, what are they for? Really, what are they for?

I'm scared, man. I'm scared. I've come here for now until I decide what my next step is. And I don't have anything planned. I don't know what I'm going to do.

And to be honest, the end, the episode 30 is probably what I'm going to, I mean, you won't let me be like this. I've got to be like this. You won't let me be like this. And if society can't let me be like this, then I've got to figure out how to do what I need to do to survive.

And if that means to take my hemlock, that society, that you, like most likely it's you if you're watching this, unless you're my other half, which I'm trying to talk to, but most likely you're not my other half. and I mean I'm just telling it straight like I'm trying to make everything all to my other half but the people that watch it aren't man that's the fact and it's you that are enabling all this to happen and why do we only get these stories you know with this class and let's talk about the victims I'm so sorry like these are just thoughts and the thing is these thoughts are good and i know i'm gonna come back on them and go bang i got that thought bang and then you still thoughts are gonna build upon other thoughts so these are like and this is three years of thoughts all just flustered around um and i guess i could have written it down or something but i want to talk to you about this because this is so important um and i guess i guess it's all ultimately to get to your eyes and the thing is it only needs to get to your eyes last i don't care you know i gonna stop advertising once it gets to your eyes um i can stop doing all that like i'll just let i i mean it's gonna do awesome stuff um either way you look at it but once it gets to your eyes and i learned that and then that's it but the victims okay so there's there's been victims that i've talked to and they describe these events when they happen like between the ages of really six to nine oh okay so between the ages of six to nine and um and there's there's only one um victim that i know of and there's only probably two handfuls of victims that i've spoken to over or maybe one handful because you know like how how do i know what the truth is and because i mean they were crazy they were crazy but but um so i'm trying like this is so bad because how can you how can you explain it when when when you get taken somewhere in this like fancy car um in in the trunk in the boot of the car and then and then uh and then escorted out like through like some area that looks important and then and then put in an elevator and taken you know to probably one of the top levels um which has an apartment a big apartment complex um and I got five minutes left on the camera I can't I can't believe I gotta I gotta I gotta finish this I gotta finish this later um I'll have one more take at this because this whole production is about to be finished um but but then you And then you take them up to the top, and then you try to give them food and drink. And they tell you, it'll all be better if you just partake of this substance.

And the thing is, if you do, one of the people didn't refuse, but it's poison, it's poison. and and it'll help their process so it'll make it easier on the psychology or or you know while while it's happening you know and and then so at the end of the day like so they know they try to figure out you know what you need to do to get a kid like in the position where you can do horrible things to them. And, like, this is so, this is,

I don't know how this happens.

I can so much do that. I can so much do that.

Because they try, they try to make them not, not fight back. They try to make them take it. And they're not romantic to them they're just this is this is what's happening now we do this it would be in your best interest if you did it in this way and then after you do everything right you'll be fine to do everything right

I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do, like, how much can you use this child? Okay, so we messed the child up, this child's no good, never going to be a good boy, what can we do now to her? How many more people are there? How can we use this child?

How can people do that and then they've done, it's done. We're done with them. Let's get rid of them. This child's becoming difficult.

Let's get rid of them. do that to a child this is the ninth hells this is the ninth hell coming out and you know what I've spent, I've spent my time to figure out when to actually talk about this and now I am and now I will not stop and we will figure this out if I never find my girl or whatever I mean as long as I don't cut along this as long as I don't take my hemlock I will figure this out and I will have all I will do everything I can to fix it and if I my fake girls not real then then I'll do it myself um because I can't have this happening because I love you guys and and I love you most that That have been rejected, that have been abandoned, that have no one, so it will be you that I give my life, that I have my, everything. this is war i mean it i will do everything now i know i'm not in canberra so i got this beautiful place which thing is there's a whole like northern river section and i can be as secretive as i want to and I can keep doing this and release production after production after production trying to wake you up, you children, you lovely children of the world, you beautiful children of the world, so you can then take over our media and teach us all how to not rape you, to not bless you, to not murder you, to not abandon you, to treat you with respect, to not make you grow up to be like everybody else, to teach you manners, to teach you how to care about people to teach you to love to teach you to control the world with your own heart with your own mind with your own body with your own soul uh and give it all not just in one topic one topic or this topic or that topic i'm talking about give everything you can like geniuses they are they are not a genetic trait they figure out something they figure out something and then they get obsessed with that one thing and then those things repeat again and again and again And I'm just going to wait for this camera to go out because this is the final take of this production, Independence Day for kids. And that's what you need to do.

That's what you need to find your obsession. But you need to find your obsession that will lead you to other obsessions. You need to get obsessed with everything. And you just get obsessed with everything, you'll be a genius.

And maybe you will be alienated by your peers, but the thing is, you're going to be so much smarter than everybody else. You're going to give so much more to this world. And if I die right now, look how much I've already given this world. and I'm going to live I've lived the best



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-05-Sickle-of-Kronos

It's time to take out the trash, and this will be our most difficult trash to throw away, especially since we haven't converted them to text. But we're about to do some real life learning that will far outweigh the value that these books have held within them. People Stupid, it's coming out. But before we start the journey, we will do our best to get rid of our ugly attitude because in order to gain everything one must first lose everything yes do you want to mention about this I was gonna send it to my mother but at the end of the day they still did what they did they still did everything that they did and and even though I tried to respect them that the last few productions of mind or really trying to say goodbye to them and and deal with all my feelings about them no matter what happens they're still the same people that they are and they still do the same things that they do and they still will do and continue to do the same things that they do and did and they demonstrate that every single time so um this is this is my solace Pack wisely, stuff like this can protect.

It's all a big Tetris game. Clean it, clean it, clean it, clean it. Like Pandora's box. Hail Apollo.

Vicky Mushle. And we will walk in the rain time and time again. Love you Ivory. And we will get lost and have to turn back.

Cause you see, I own this, and this, and this. The walkers go where we put the walkers. I don't know. There's cars coming. Looks like I gotta get my

feet even more mighty over here

Because ivory you and me you and me this is how we find our salvation how the gods Apollo always comes back out Where am I supposed to go? How am I supposed to walk? I'm not walking this world your idiot society is so bad when your own environment isn't made for you money money money money and as we learn and become better people we will also shed the dead skin and the things in our life that didn't work exactly how we planned out but found better solutions will eventually go to people that will actually use it. And at the beginning of the day we will learn what we have to do. We know it. We already know it. It's gonna be a

bright bright bright bright bright sunshiny day. It's gonna be a bright bright bright bright sunshiny day. I'm going to see you.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-06-Barrel-of-Diogenes

Yeah, okay. Thank you so much. You know, it really means so much like I would I'll be walking out here in the rain With nowhere to go if you guys didn't do that

Yeah, I understand I didn't I didn't mean to get in this situation

Well, then you change my world because my world's good after this like I because I get paid on Saturday and everything's fixed So thank you so much Yeah, you too. Bye

Today let's go through two stories

Let's go through what happened

Let's gain some XP and imagine what would have happened

10 a.m. Checkout the only difference is that we would be carrying all of this

because looking over our past work during our character creation fallout process We realized That we might not be able to carry as much as we want But that's really cool because it just means the things that we do carry are super awesome

from 35 kilos to about probably well

12 olympians Maybe you're 12 so areas when you go open doors. That's what we gotta do. It's too wet. You can't live in there. Although

I have lived in places like that before. Not very long though you don't stay in places like that. No longer the need to start and stop. It's not way down. You are not over

encumbered. You only have nine numbers to learn. Learn one through nine and then you'll figure out zero and then I'll help you figure out the rest of the numbers. All numbers.

0-9, that's all you got. And after you figure out the numbers, flip them. Because with every giving is the receiving. Propaganda, propaganda.

And I ate. No, it was really good. Always pray before you eat for the nourishment that you're about to receive. So if the bank didn't help me, they were kind enough to do.

So I would either be walking, nice bush up there, nothing up there, look over there. People wouldn't be able to even.

And there's also some nice bush that way. I'm trying to show you this. This is to show you what happens to people in society when they don't have any supports. And I'm talking about personal supports, I'm not talking about professional supports.

When there's no one that has an interest in the person, the person's well-being, um then then that person ends up getting alienated and ends up like society allows really terrible things to happen to them because both the rich and the poor in our current world only care about themselves i care about everybody else screw myself i'll suffer we broadcast no matter where we go they don't care personally for you they don't care about your life they're treating a symptom, that's all there is, and then selling it, rags to riches, baby, here's your society and help, here's the ambulance, so after a three-day fast, we will feast,

okay, see that's a tarp over the tent, that's what you need to do to stay dry, I don't have a tarp right now, but how awesome it would be to have a tarp over my tent, I could, this cold thing would be dry yeah that'd be cool

imagine if we were out in the bush tonight imagine if we got wet today we identify the problem we think how to fix it yeah hey look what we did high five so here's the difference in the two scenarios so we have one that i would be homeless again um on the streets homeless see that's because i don't got a tart um or two i got the money somehow and i managed to and i did thanks to my best friend um who i shouldn't be asking for because it's not like he's in a uh a good like an awesome place to be able to just you know hand me money um i should have been able to rely on a family member but i don't have any family members that care about me and if i come to them for help which is usually only like once every two or three years um it's always and it's only like you know 50 or 50 or 75 bucks or something like that which would help me a lot and they don't they're like no you gotta you always get you keep getting yourself into this it's like yeah every what three years because because like because of the life I lived because you guys didn't want me around you oh it's always coming back like that was this wasn't even supposed to be about that um but the two days I did exactly the same thing that would have done yesterday and pretty much ended exactly okay here's the only differences we would be out pro on the in the beach bush maybe with probably because we go high up with a an ocean view but we be cold and wet so now i'm and i'm talking i'm talking wetter than i am now uh we got we got soaked today don't get me wrong but there's a difference between getting soaked and the insides of your clothes getting soaked like once the insides of your clothes are soaked it's it's a different story so when you like that's why i can walk around like this and don't care because i know you know how wet i'm really getting um and we need to think about that with with dirt too so so it doesn't matter if you get wet if you dry off later and you don't have dirt on you um but then we get dirt so we're walking around our feet what's happening with our feet um you and i um we're walkers we're walkers so um so we gotta we got to we gotta we gotta take care of feet really got to take care of our feet um but but we would be soaked and our it sucks our shoes getting soaked and we left our shoes out i left i say we but i mean i like saying we let me say we because i don't have anybody in this life let me say we um so i left my shoes out of the tent to dry off the first day i came here because it was nice and and then it rained and it was like crap i was waiting for it to rain so i could take them in and dry them or hopefully they dry but i have there hasn't been a break since the day after i came so it was good that it wasn't the day i came that would have sucked so it kind of worked out good like it was a struggle is a struggle and and we'll pay our friend back you know 25 bucks more on saturday um because that we always do that every time someone loans this money it's only for a very short period of time um and and we pay it back as quick as we can and and we pay better we make we make it worth their time so So when they walk away, they don't feel like, they feel good about it because they got more from it. And whether they say, oh, I want more or not, it doesn't matter. We should give more. And if we can't give more at the time, then we should give more when we're prepared to give more.

So I would have been dirty. That's the big thing. Like we talked about the dirt. So I would have been wet, cold, and dirty.

And now I'm wet, not as much as I would be. i'm kind of warm actually because i'm i've learned how to be warm it's gonna get colder tonight um but right now i'm good uh and and i'm drying off too like and everything's drying like i also put my raincoat above on the top of the tent the first night i was here because i thought if it just rained a little bit it wouldn't come in the tent but then it started pouring down then my raincoat was useless so you gotta be you gotta watch out for stuff like that um i mean if you're my ivory you got to live a life like this is your life this is the way you're you're tuned to live like you might have lived another life before and it didn't feel right but i'm telling you another life and if this life is like you then maybe you're hurt so um so that's why i'm trying to teach you all these tricks of the of the trade um which is really kind of just copycatting what you see uh you learn something and then you once you can copycat it you don't need to copycat it then you can just do whatever you want but once you once you learn it so you can copycat it then you can make it whatever you want which is what martial arts i'm going to be teaching a lot of in the future if i live out there which i should i mean i'm trying to make it i'm trying i'm trying to not want to take my life but there's so many people that hate me that makes it hard and and i don't have anyone to side by side with me ever i do have friends throughout but they're all friends that you know don't hold on to me no one holds on to me no no one holds on to me at all and this that's what's so sad what i really wanted to say through today which see i think these things over so much what i'm going to say and then they turn out something more heartfelt like i go over all the facts and what i can i can figure out and then they turn out to be something that comes from more from my heart which i'm okay with um and when i end up watching it i go well it taught like the words i'm saying come from a lot of knowledge so you can learn that knowledge kind of from my train of thought and how i get there to my heart to to the end result of my heart

so we would have a beautiful view and what would happen at the night it would have been cold it would have been really cold and and you know it's gonna storm it's gonna keep storming it's gonna keep doing this and probably and tomorrow's gonna be like that too um i'm not sure if it's gonna be this bad I probably I think it might be but then the day after that it's gonna get nice and they're gonna have like like a lot of nice time so I mean it's always these cycles that I'm always going through going through bad and then good but the thing is in order to do that you know like I kind of put myself in these positions so I can well you know I I really know who my friends are I really do because because I test friendships but the thing is I always give exactly what exactly as much as I as I expect off people but but but it's all about compromises too with friendships this is another kettle of fish so yeah but but really you can if you're smart if you're too smart people you can not make compromises you can both win and make it where like you're not compromising you're doing everybody's winning it's like wow this is the best way to do it and you just got to play around with things until the best way to do it comes to pass and that's why the relationships if you're open up about everything and and you just throw out scenarios and then you decide to do something and if it doesn't work then you throw out a different scenario so instead of saying it's like no one's wrong we're just trying we're all trying to work together in this world and if we can just be free about throwing out like what what might happen or what we could do we could really learn a lot because like we're always putting ourselves in different scenarios whether we do those or not it's always getting our minds um to think about how things will work out and and like prophecy is a skill it really is like everything i'm teaching you will teach you how to predict the future accurately um or at least like it will because because the thing is like these thoughts that you're recording you're not just recording like like stupid thoughts you're actually recording stuff that that you've really contemplated over and you actually have the audacity to press that record button and then you know you're gonna have to come back to it later and then and then watch it and then edit the parts you didn't like and then and then make it like you know you're gonna have to even have to study it and then after you study it you're gonna have to um you're gonna have to put it to film festivals and then you're gonna have to study it every single time you do that before that and then you're gonna get rejected from a lot because it's not normal it's not normal to do this um but but i'm just using the internet as a tool that i see it i'm just trying trying to make it that um and i'm allowed to do that uh because it's the internet it's ivory um i'm pigmalion i do this with everything in my environment and this is my psychology so whether um i'm crazy or not it's irrelevant This is how I think. I'm so, I'm so flustered because I've just, I've just fixed everything and I'll explain to you why over the coming night. But what I want to talk about tonight is, is really homelessness and why people end up in positions like I end up in and, and what's really happening out there, like firsthand experience about what it's really like because I've lived it and, and I'm going to continue to live it. living in a different way I'm gonna make it my own and live it how I how I think the best life should be lived lived and the thing is there's a lot of things with the government that are stopping me from living like that but see that's my job is to break that oppression and once I break that oppression then I'll not only enable myself to live in this manner but also a lot of other people um so I think it's really cool what I'm doing and I'm sorry if I'm controversial And I'm sorry if it makes you uncomfortable like what I'm doing, but it's going to be very effective.

Long term, it's going to be very effective, and I'll tell you why. And this is really to everybody.

There's a teacher here who has some mental issues, man, but he is so smart. And he's been screwed around by women when they've gotten older. When he's growing up, he's been screwed around by so many women. um but i'm not talking about screw around like i've only done it with my ex-wife and i don't want to do my next one it has to be my soulmate it has to be because because i can't take that i need i need that i need that's what that's my drug that's what i need to get through that this life and and if i have to make her up into a camera and then saying some controversial words to get people receptive to what i'm saying and then really end up with the potential to get what i like anyway um without hurting anybody not and just the opposite you know i'm going after a suicidal girl and then there's this guy who's been you know studying suicide his whole life and and he like look at look at the pieces like is am i a bad catch for her like seriously look at what you're talking about um i i'm trying to i'm trying to fix suicide for all of society for the rest of time i'm trying to do it trying to do it i mean to the most degree to the parts that society causes it um i'm trying to fix that and and if this is and my methods might be controversial because to be honest none of you would listen if they weren't um but but since like you got to deal with me because i'm not going anywhere i'm gonna continue to do what i'm doing because and you know it's so hard for me because i i was thinking you know before i did this shoot i was like i don't want to do this anymore i don't want to do this anymore i gotta stop doing this i don't want but but everything like that she means everything she means everything to me and really it's just because because i i was in my own head because no one could take me um i was too much so so i imagined a girl that took me really really well and and eventually that was all i could could do because all i could chase for and i'm sorry you older girls you are indoctrinated in your particular lifestyles and and and i haven't been like people i'm after the geniuses i'm after the prophets i'm after the ones called by your hearts your minds and your bodies everything um and and it's going to the thing is that this teacher is teaching from love his heart okay so everything is given from his heart to who cares a girl who cares a little girl a little girl but but he's not doing anything with this little girl and she doesn't even exist he's just she's just a figment of his imagination but through this he's teaching with so much passion so much compassion so much love so much empathy so much care particularity he's teaching with such dedication to her that he is teaching to countless little girls little boys young adults of both genders and adults of all to ever to all of humanity and that is over the test of time i don't care i'm not looking about now you know i'm trying to open the paths for the future because that's how i'm geared i'm geared to sacrifice myself for the better of everyone and that's just how i'm geared i'm going keep doing it sorry that's that's how I'm structured please kill me if that's a problem and and do it legally I already gave you all the chance to to do it illegally so now you've got to help me legalize assisted suicide and and then then help me go down where I won't be the disturbance but the thing is these videos are staying around and they're gonna teach a lot of subjects lots and lots of subjects uh i mean i'm a polymath look at look at the look at the terms and um and i'm just going to keep going getting smarter and smarter as i do it uh and i'm just teach more and better and and and the thing is all my work's accumulating i mean i'm building off work i'm not doing individual like all the subjects are interconnected so so in order to learn what i'm really talking about you have to kind of watch everything you have to know how it's an epic it's not these aren't one these these pieces are all deeply connected and see when i'm going through stuff emotionally because it's set up for that i mean i'm making this structure so i can emotionally cope with my own psychology um so i go through something in my head and i'm not sure how to feel about it you know anything oh suicide suicide whatever you know like when i don't want to live i don't have anybody in this life um what do i need to what are the feelings that i'm feeling about that and where do i need to reference in my in my material where do i need to hear me cry where do i need to hear these words again what time in my future will it be beneficial for me to then review upon what i'm reviewing now what i'm what i'm reviewing now in front of the camera um why am i doing this right now why am i spending a long time on this and why are the seconds not uh wait that they the seconds are important and as we get people here all right i'll come back That's a sign. I like to be able to do this in the morning, you know, and I'll get people walking by.

Turn on the lights on.

Put your hands up.

So you have this guy who has specific needs that are obviously unmet. And he tries to find the other that can meet all of those needs while he meets all of her needs. and then you look in society at what is available and you see nothing like that or that could ever be that. So then you think of creative ways to find the perfect woman for you while also satisfying your emotional needs while you wait for them. That's my heart. And I'm telling you

And when it happens, there will be no question about our suitability. But how do I prove that I'm right to her parents? Why would they let this 29-year-old guy who's crazy date their daughter? So I make video after video demonstrating my character in hopes that King Minus will consider my proposal.

so that King Alcanoes can rest comfortably in his wife's decision.

they don't these are these this is a random this is generated email they're not talking to me like they this is all computer this is a computer right here talking to me dolphins okay okay okay so I passed I got an HD there that's awesome and yep yeah okay so you your results well I mean this website sucks it sucks for everything you know results okay especially downloading stuff like Sometimes it's like 80 or 90 megabytes just for a music file and it's just not music file a lecture And that just changed because they got better stuff and like crap. Yeah, sure. It's gonna be funny. It's gonna be so funny All right, so I'm inactive now

You don't want that. Where is it unit results? It just went there, so they made me inactive

Forgetting HDs. Here we go. Okay, so I didn't turn in any assignments or anything didn't do anything Okay, so I got a two, there we go, and I got, okay, so I got an NS, DNS, and a DNS. So we got DNS records and an NS records here, and we can see how well I did those all throughout.

You know, I covered those so well, like I covered those better than any other student taking anything similar to this, and here's my grades, so awesome. We did good. Let's do it again. Let's do it again.

We always do it good. okay let's get this publicly on record here's my confirmation I'm better than any of your students and you know that she don't like me who's going at all and you tell me that you tell me my stuff controversial and it's like my stuff's what is going to be leading philosophy this is my stuff love of wisdom ethics approved course something doesn't sit right with that with me you understand i gotta slow this down girl i gotta slow my life down it's like the only reason i'm doing this all so quickly is because all these things are happening in my life very quickly and i guess that's really been the case for the last three years but i'm about to set up my life so I don't suffer like this so everything's gonna slow down and the content's gonna get a lot less but I mean it's gonna be spread over time so instead of me unless I go on a big adventure it's just going to be more mini adventures throughout so it'll give me more time to think about everything that I say as well as put less strain on my psychology to get it out there but there's just so many things that that when they when they happen i have to take the opportunity to make the production and i end up doing it very well at the end so i'm proud of it but but you can't realize this is really hard on me i mean look how much work i've done and and you'll see you'll see girl that's all for you and and i'm telling you when when i'm not when i'm not doing the productions um i'm always thinking of you so it's always about you so when this slows down i'm sorry if that annoys you but it shouldn't because you got so much you got so much girl



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-07-Signal-of-Gaia

It's coming out. Hello, Paula. The devil's beating his wife today. And over time, the only tattoos that do not get their rejuvenation is the one upon our back.

But that is okay because it will get plenty of attention when I find her because it was what stigmatized the rest of my body. Where I was 18 years old and entered the first legal binding contract of my life, it was the cross.

So I endured eight and a half hours of pain for my first tattoo.

And during that time, I thought of my cross, and it was so heavy. for 18 years thinking about what it meant to be a good person at the age of six committing myself to Christ and then seeing signs like these posted everywhere my cross said different for three gave us the ability to read six gave us the ability to romantically love nine gave us the ability to fight 12 gave us the ability to comprehend. 13 gave us strife and pain as we flipped our entire world. Is that my divine tragedy? Are you 13? I made mistakes from there to the age of 18,

but then I earned my salvation by running a one-year role-playing game about the gods, and that is where I earned my first tattoo which went straight across my back crossed upon my back but then we learned that salvation wasn't as easy as that and ultimately we saw people do really horrible things in the name of our King and that made us question so many things and and that made me really not just look at horrible things that are being done now in God's name, in Jesus' name, but also the things in the past that have been done in Jesus' name. And then very carefully look at what Jesus did himself. And the thing is, everything that Jesus did was awesome. And everything he said was awesome.

And it's just misinterpretations that have led to an understanding that Jesus is God. but Jesus is the only way to God and it's the archetypal image it's not saying Jesus himself it's saying the man that chooses to die on his cross for the greater good for everybody not just himself and that is and that is what I came to learn was salvation was to die on our cross and then be reborn as a new new individual and and I you know kept on trying to do this but every time I was reborn I wasn't in optimal circumstances to to flourish so then I would die again and I had to do that three times I mean it's just the way that my psychology is structured like a phoenix like this is this is from ashes from ashes to fire from from from the earth to the sky and I guess this I'm always in extremes my mind's always in extremes but that's how I'm psychologically tuned so cut the last bit of it I had to face my origins I had to wind i had to reject my name i had to reject my family i had to reject my friends i had to reject everything that i found gross in this world and unfortunately that all manifested within them

here goes nothing it was all about money it was all a numbers game there was no heart Jesus is God is the answer, and if you cannot accept this, then your soul is doomed to hell.

You don't want to be traveling with this on your back. This is bad for traveling. How do we get rid of this? What do we do?

What do we do? This is bad on our back. We shouldn't have this on our back.

This should stay right where it is. Oh dear Jesus, how do I correct the error of the masses in order to save a lot of lives?

At 24, my God became my leader, my king. And at 26, I was called to perform my mission. Oh, oh no, I knew what happened, oh, I didn't know what happened, why did it come out, no, oh, we're still good, we're still good, but we're two cents short, ah, that's why I rejected the second payment when we tried. here's our code of conduct when producing our material we will not show anybody our material until it is released so what is ours is not really ours until it's everybody's and it's not ours to show anybody else's until it's ours so if people are interested in what you're doing you're welcome to show them things that aren't relevant to the storyline because of course you're have them but ultimately they don't they can't know what you're doing do not talk about what you've done unless it's to a special someone or if it's related directly to the topic at hand you see you're going to build an online reputation and most of the people in your life and around you won't know what's going on there will be few who will be the wiser and those few will be the select few who you choose but if they choose you wait and see what happens what does it all mean why am I here why am I not put out of my misery why should I continue to breathe to the next day when my basic needs are not satisfied and my basic needs are not monetary but emotional and why should I have to live in a society where I cannot be taken care of, and I want to give everything I have to everybody, but why does it do this to me? I'm just trying to live a good life, and

maybe we have some differences of opinion about what a good life is, but I assure you If you just examine background conditions, then you will see what I mean in three years.

How can I make these understandings receptive to the public?

And the things I say aren't new.

Reflections of old wisdom throughout our ages. Those stories inspire us collectively without us really understanding them. But when we learn those details, what was once beautiful becomes ugly. How do I show that filth that we have put into our souls?

Can I clean it with the soap of this camera? called this camera. I'm trying. No one loves me.

What do I do? I want to kill myself. 26, 27, 28. 26, 27, 28.

No one loves me. Look, see, no one cares about my life. See, I'm in bad, bad, bad situations. No one's coming up.

You know, I'm on the psychiatric wall and everybody else is getting visited and I'm alone. What is the problem here? Big problem. Big problem. No one cares about me. Why? Why? What did I do? I'm just trying to be good. I don't have a criminal record at all. I've never stolen anything. I've always tried to help people where I can. What did I do? Why am I in this situation? Why do you force me to be a certain way that I can't be? What's with this? I want to kill myself. I want to die. I want to die.

So let's really write it clear what our objective is with your suicidal friend. Let's get it out there. Let's do that right at the beginning of Nimmin, before all of our journeys. And this is before we ended up homeless there.

So this was right when we were preparing. We were preparing. We were unlocking a tell, which we did in every single year, every single day, every single second. We continue to do that.

So we did that. And we wrote it. We knew what we had to do. we listened to it again and again and again and we cried and we cried and we loved and we felt and we hurt and we overcame and we knew what we had to do we knew what we had to do but those those words they only go a certain certain length you forget them especially when you commit yourself to them and then end up end up going to canberra and and and being taken into a psychiatric ward but but i planned that because it happened before and i want to show everybody how stupid it was I knew I was gonna suffer from it but I had to show everybody before all I was writing but now I have video demonstration of exactly what I was talking about so I did it so I made a course well first you know in Nimmin I just did the meaning of life so there there's my flag that dear suicidal friend actually resulted in the meaning of life because I had to figure out how to practically do it but I knew it was only the first step it's the first steps and then I went to my reflected death because I was in Canberra and no one cared.

No one cared about education. No one cared about their children. No one cared about freedom. No one...

Everybody was really stuck. It was the community. It was tight. You can't get in.

You're pushed to the outskirts of someone like me. And even though they know I'm brilliant, they do. So then I get really sad, I get really sad when I kill myself or I kill myself, but I'm in sociology and I'm learning very, very well, especially from Durkheim about suicide and how collectivism oppresses people enough for them to want to feel like they should in their own lives. So then I figure out, I link all the links together about suicide that I have come to learn over my life because I've gone through wanting to do it and this became My Reflected Death, which is the awesome course that you can get to.

You can watch just like every single thing that's here. You can watch them in. And then at the end, I turned myself in and then they took away my freedom and they did exactly what I said they would do. And then they showed themselves with a lack of care particularity because they wouldn't look at what I was saying and they wouldn't understand and they wouldn't listen to me.

And then it was funny because that's like, you know, supposedly the best psychiatric facility in Australia because it has a camera and it's just got upgraded and it was really terrible. And they kept on injecting me with needles against my will with a bunch of wardsmen. And then that came to me learning how to defend myself. I kept playing.

And I planned what I would say at the tribunal, because there was a tribunal coming up. So I went to that tribunal and won. The doctor putting the order on me didn't even attend. He thought it was an easy win.

but they knew who some of the people that I was talking about were and knew some of the thoughts and knew I wasn't crazy as a result of that. So they took the order off me, and then I had a plan that they could help me instead of, like, they just damaged me the whole time I was there, and I thought of a way that they could help me, and I presented that to them, and they weren't interested, and the doctor got really angry, didn't want me there at all, so he kicked me out, and I refused to leave, and they had to get lots of people to get me out and eventually call the cops, and the cops had to tell me to leave, so I had to leave a public hospital, a psychiatric ward at a public hospital, because I just got kicked out because my mental stability has just been cleared.

And they didn't want me there, and I was saying, no, I need to be integrated back into society, and they couldn't do that. So then, you know, I want to kill myself. I want to kill myself. What do I do?

And I finished off the course, tried, but I couldn't, I couldn't do it, I couldn't, couldn't, couldn't, and I ended up getting some of the stuff back, like, started getting paid, and so far I wanted to, I wanted to so bad, I wasn't comfortable, I need to get comfortable, and I need to be comfortable with the means to do it too, like Hemlock, if I can find places with Hemlock, and get used to the herb, and I think at the right stage I could peacefully go.

So I couldn't do it, but then I'm romantic, and I look for a girl, and I found a girl who said all the right things, said she was all the right things, and she was a little bit older than me, and I offered my heart to her, and I stood there and watched her pull it out of my chest, and then stomp all over it, and then spit on it, and then walk away. And then, through that process, I created the course, What is Love, and I really learned what love was through that course, or what it was to me, what love could be, what possibilities love has locked within it, and this is the practical results of what I learned in that course, still broadcast. But during that course, I had to take my sexuality by the horns. I had to tackle who I was as an individual and what motivates me in life.

And I had to stare my demon in the eyes, and I did. And this is when I released my secret to the world. And at first I was only releasing a secret, but you know what happens when you publicly announce something, publicly announce who you are, you fall into that scandal. But I did not yet, because all I had to do was free education for a younger generation.

So I found a website called Star Now, and they enabled me to broadcast what I was doing to other stars that might be interested. And over a period of a month and a half I had over 600 people interested in being involved in what I was doing. But then some parents complained and I was investigated and found and kicked out of the website. And that was merely because of my secret that I was going to release in this film and I'm not doing anything dirty never was doing anything dirty but just because I was going to release a secret like this they did not want me involved in that website at all and now I don't have any way to to do that because that website's like the only place that I've found that that connects you with that many stars during that time a friend had committed suicide and i was going through a lot in my head because of that we weren't real close but suicide always always has a huge impact on me with friends and and we were close for a little while there um so it was a really big deal for me and that's what i do all this for because i don't like to see that i don't like to see that at all And if I could stop that, then that would be what would fill my heart.

So Open Source Heart TV was created then. And that was the promoter for Divine Tragedy, which Divine Tragedy is part of this production that you're getting.

Which was with Ivory Heart, which was the one with all the stars that wanted to be involved. which at the end told my secret because this Pygmalion, if you know the story and you're not an idiot, like if you just put one and one together, you can figure out, like we're talking about the same thing, like Romeo and Juliet, like what's their ages? What about Mary and Joseph?

Wanting to make a movie about the beauty of innocence and getting kicked out of the film world for doing it. And Ivory Heart made us stand up to who we are as people. And I have to learn how to shoot fossil. So Venus sends us out on a journey to fetch water. But we are a ninja. But why mythology? It is our veil. We can say anything

we want behind it, within it. We did not create it. It is a web in which we are entangled into, and we can either spin or be eaten. It offers us the power to understand what we're doing, and then when we understand, we can know what we need to do. But it

knows true royalty, and from that the blood will align, and from two make one. And then we live the same story out, again and again, until we fix it.

And if we have the station tuned in to the right land, we will eventually. Then came Living Neverland, and I showed you what land we live in, and what land we can live in. Then I tell you the story of the zombie apocalypse in which we are one of the few survivors and I pour my heart out to you in attempts to find you on broadcasting. And then I have to show you what education is, what it means to educate yourself. And I do that in Song of Wind. These are wet.

I'm trying to dry out. Dry.

And then came 1984, my heart, which followed Song of Wind, but Song of Wind wasn't my heart. Song of Wind wasn't about me, it was about you. What's your barcode? This is wet, like really wet.

And this is the feet, this is like, see? It goes out like that. This is wet, and I just gotta let it wait and dry, if it rains again it won't get dry and it sucks because that's where you put your feet but you can do stuff like put your feet like right in there instead but then that gets soaked because this is the inside of it the inside you should you got to be careful about getting stuff wet you got to try to stay as dry as possible and that can be difficult when you first start out again But every time you start out, until you get used to the area and what you're doing, to get everything you need can be difficult. This and the last production. Both, I'm not really sure what they are.

But the last production is going to be called 10-40 minutes, but that's what I have right now. I do it because I'm sick. I'm lovesick. I'm in love with you.

And as the waves of Poseidon crash upon us for the first time, come up among the water, the air of life.

Hare Krishna. Our time of fasting is over. Now it's time to live.

I forever wait for that one email that I will never get. There's not many humans out there. I pay people to do that so I can get the things I need in this life it makes me feel good I paid someone to do this the email from you please find me my love I'm searching and you hear the love it's gonna be a bright bright bright bright Night, night, sunshine, and day. ...before been documented in science.

Zoof. On January the 8th, 2003, a huge dry lightning storm struck in multiple places across the ACT, sparking a large number of fires. But ironically, the clincher was areas where there was no damage at all. Key part of it is the fact that these gaps are in here.

On film? Yeah. I stood up on this side. It was just like a great big wave.

Ready to burst. Tom, where did you first see the tornado coming? Well, on Mount Arrowingy. It arced across the top of the hill.

Spot fires along the bottom. Yeah. It stood up on this side. It was just like a great big wave, ready to burst.

Incredibly, Tom caught the moment on film.

Never in my life seen anything like it.

The funnel of the tornado comes into view. This is rather frightening. A bit of a snuff. You know, the daylight's out.

The streets are tin floating. Down the line. Such a huge area of light, a massive amount of energy was released into the atmosphere. In fact, in the peak 10 minutes of flaming, more energy was released than the Hiroshima atomic bomb.

I talk about the apocalypse with a lot of people, pretty much most people that I spend a little bit of time with and what they think it might be, but I'm just going to put this one out here for our future generations to laugh at us. but the majority of people think that all electronic networks and computers are just going to somehow stop working and it's like they're not built like that like there's EMPs that can do some things but we can harden a lot of the technology and it's not like the networks are going to be down and all we need to do is collect you know the equipment around our environment to build a new one and restart it so it's not like there's no central button like there's still going to be networks everywhere no matter what you do and you just gotta and the people who know what they're doing just gotta get the equipment they need to build to rebuild them so it's not like there's any it's so funny the people that think that oh we can't rely on this technology because because something bad is gonna happen it's all going to be gone but that's not the way it works so I hope you begin to realize you will begin to realize that once once this stuff stays around and that's what I plan it's hot I mean I just gonna try my best to make my stuff stay around for as long as possible and I'm pretty sure it will the big red button of the internet is the destruction of our planet but then the constellations which broadcasted satellites and flew them throughout space will hold the most relevant information of our human existence and throughout the ages I will train the the royal descendants of Mamie. I will always be there at the window waiting for you

because you are the mother to all the lost children in the world.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-08-Alter-of-Venus

And our most despised possession will quickly become our most favored as we learn how to use it in many different ways. Let's talk about the rental market. Let's talk about markets of housing. Let's talk about why they're no good.

And I guess I just started with a statement that sounds biased, but let me explain to you why. And I thought very carefully about how I'm going to do this. But what I'm going to do is I'm just going to lay it all out. Okay, so I'll tell you the end of the story first, and then you can go at the crap.

But then at the end, you'll go, you can relate those conclusions back. But the end of the story is that the only people that are free are the people at the very, very bottom and the people at the very, very top. So the people that can live, you know, with 12 kilos on their back and move around freely, those are the people that are free. And those are the people that we call homeless and eccentric and odd and do odd things that aren't normal, but that's not necessarily, like, who's to say what normal is.

And then, and to be honest, it's probably society oppressing the individuals that are causing these traits to come out because the reason I am like I am is because there's ways that I needed to be that society didn't want me to be, so I had to figure out how to provide for that myself instead of relying on society to do it. And these things that I do end up helping me to be able to cope with myself, really. So that's what creates the individual, which came from the oppression that society caused not wanting me to be like that. All right, so then we get, let's say rentals.

We'll start with rentals because that's what most people are doing nowadays because it's really expensive to buy. okay so the way we do it is we have all these houses so let's play some monopoly so we have houses around and we are dividing this through land that we're distributing through our government structure so our government goes you know this can go here and this can go here and we want to preserve this and this can go here and we'll put buildings around we'll have this like that's a lake or something you know and and we'll put these little places everywhere and not only that we also know that that third parties so the only some of these are government structures we know third parties will be very interested in buying that land if it's central we'll make it kind of more expensive and and then when when more stuff gets built you know around here then the prices can go up because we can put more stuff around here for people to do so people can feel like they're you know more comfortable um let's split the profits and now we can also build up so we got all these layers here so we don't have we're not only working on that one dimension we're building up we're trying to make these things towers and put as many people in them as possible um because it's profitable um it's profitable because okay so there's a lot of third parties here that that are you know hotels or whatever and and not just hotels you got um so you got housing you got you got like government housing but you also have um like higher class housing and you got you got normal housing that's actually a house and then you got like um and then you got like hotel type housing um and then like so you get a lot of different types of housing but you gotta put someone uh everyone somewhere where they can can fit in um so we'll put all this around and then we'll work out you know what it costs to be here so whatever is pretty much what people will pay so what will someone pay to to have a residence here what would someone pay to have a high-rise office here um so now that's what creates our economy in real estate and kind of our economy everywhere else but but bang okay so you want to get this this this new estate came up and you want to be able to afford to live there you so you got to go into a rental so you need to first pay four weeks bond which is so four weeks payments so then you also have to pay that usually the first four weeks sometimes it's two depending so you got to pay pretty much you got to have two two and a half months worth of rent already saved up money I've already saved up to be able to rent to get into the rental market but the thing is that there's a lot of people that want that space too so you're gonna be applying against a lot of other people and every single time you apply you got like a week away because you got to put your bond in so that you know if it costs if you're doing something cheap like I do like six or eight hundred dollars but you but most people respond like if you're doing a house or something more expensive it's like it's like 1800 and stuff like that but so you got to wait for that to clear and come back to you if if you didn't get it so they're dealing with a lot of people's money there and and that happens you know every so barn barn okay so we have that barn and the thing is that makes us want to stay there because we got all that money on the line and and if you can't get if you don't have that money saved you have to borrow it so then can you get debt in which you got to work off paying back okay so so then then that forces you just kind of stay there so close yourself in because because you get all this stuff that can fill up all this area so we'll get we fill up all this area with all this stuff that we accumulate through our jobs because it gives us money to fill up our lives with with the things that we find interesting and it gives us like our own little bat cave so we're kind of stuck in there but we can't move like to move from here to here or here here is a big job so we kind of want to stay there if we can and then we'll just kind of make you know this our community and we'll you know but but and as long as we because if we have to move we have to worry about bond again so we got to worry about getting bond back from here and then and then going to here so we kind of have to have two bonds going so we have to you know save up for another another four weeks whatever we expect to pay um uh so so we can move to somewhere else that we we want to be um so like this is a very difficult like this is huge um so talking about freedom you know what does that really do let's let's up the up it so we said the rental market that's the rental market um just to be able to rent that's what you got to do and then government housing is below that so that you get like a whole bunch of people that get assigned to here and so we can see the hair there and like this uh so what we do is we put the worst people at the top so that way everybody going through you know will have to go all the way up to the top and and the thing is you get assigned this place so this is where you have to be so so um because you have no you can't afford that rental market over here or over here then you have to be stuck there and and that's really a bad place and and you don't no one feels safe there uh because they don't think about how they structure them and they just they don't think about the personalities that they put they just put everybody there and to be in and and you put a bad like you put someone that has history you know at the top it doesn't make any sense but but that's what they're doing because they don't want you to be there they want you to be over here they only want the people that will be here to be there so the people that go i can't be here i can't be here i can't be here let's they'll work themselves to to be over here so they can get this little area and then not have to worry about you know all that okay so then we get the uh so the buyer's market so over here you know the new estate's developing and we got you know little pieces here and it's cheap right now um because it's just starting so now we'll get this little piece over here and then we can that could that might already be established or we might be able to build on it and if we have to build on it then we have to worry about two places and if it's already established then we can move from one place to the other so reserve two choices um and and you have to get uh so let's say this is going that they they calculate how much you earn and then and then how much you can afford and repayments for how many years and you can do that every 25 or 30 years and like some go lifetimes like in i've heard in some places in the uk it's really bad so you have to just so you got to make sure you continue earning that wage or or more and and you get stuck there and you get stuck there so um but but then what you want to do is because you you end up start earning more because this is the life that this sort of lifestyle creates you want to end up moving into something bigger and better so you know how you pay half that off and you go yay paid half of it off it's 15 years or whatever you know and then you go I'm gonna move over here this this is like bigger and it's prettier so move over here and we'll get out a bigger we managed to work ourselves so we can get more money now and we'll get a bigger a bigger loan so we can afford more and then we'll pay it back that way um and then you have the and then you have the people the few people who managed to get in when um when it was cheap and and they're living good lifestyles now because uh not because of what they did but because of when they got in the market um which was which was quite some time ago a lot of people just got properties and stuff and now it's their gold um so you got all that and those people are then by they they when they knew it was cheap they were smart and they bought you know they bought all these other places too so so and that's the way it works you know they see it and they have the money so because they already own a lot you know they can just keep on you know probably more and then then you know you have a new area developing over here so now you can start to figure out what people would pay to to be over here and so now you got a new new establishing community um with with new regulations about the pricing conditions because of the people that saw the opportunity to buy up a lot of houses um and then when they were worth something really exploited out of the people so this is kind of the way all of our housing works and then you know the high class just has so much money that they can do whatever they want with um and i'm talking about the elites like and there's very few of those so i really want to make a distinction between you know like what we consider a rich person and and the elites because there's a big difference in that how much of an elite are you if you work for an elite do you want to know why i know that what i'm doing is right and will work It's because when I was a member of Star Now and was getting all of those applications, most of those were from kids and teenagers. And I asked every single one of them what they wanted in their future education system. And as of now, I have provided every topic that they requested.

And we come to realize that this is not a journey of divine tragedy, but my reflected life.

And what was going to be three productions will be combined with a protusus, epitusus, and a catastrophe.

And although they will be chronological, they will be flipped. because our final trial is to go without cigarettes for three days.

Big whoop. Seriously.

Democracy is based on consent.

It's in the Constitution. Look it up. I do not consent for these buffoons to rule over me. The 12 that I follow say that some things are just unacceptable.

I'm in the right place because life is full of fasting and feasting with every thing that we interact with because when we feast on evil we feed something that cannot be tamed welcome to Byron Bay and the role models who you obsess over will ingrain your character irony is a dish best served sour here's the thing I have never seen what I described except in me many girls come after me and you are stupid if you think otherwise but these girls are like I can be what you want me to be I can be what you want me to be But that's not the way it works. That's not the way it works. And not only that they go. Oh, I am I know I just feel it you know Yeah, because I'm talking about very very human subjects and and if you just feel that that's you and you have no Character background to demonstrate that and that's not you because you're someone else and you can't be someone else to try to be with me Do you seriously think that I do not know how your children react to me?

live in my skin The little kid who wouldn't grow up, if you oppressed your whole life, just fucked you over.

Maybe you can keep him away from me right now, but how long do you think you'll be able to do that for? I gave you warnings and told you what I was going to do.

Now it's time to pay the piper.

Because now that you have refused to listen to their pleas, they will shed the dead skin. That's you. and when that oppression is inflicted directly on the fruits of your loins no matter what era you're in peter pan will be born and he is destined to call out for wendy your daughter and he will be there to scoop up all the children who fell out of their prams far from raping them because of your youth beauty and compassion for some time the government will act like they are listening to you and developing programs based on the thoughts that you are raising but be careful do not trust them their agenda is not your own don't take their bait it's poisoned so instead merely laugh at them for doing exactly what you prophesied don't forget to point them to your work where you told them that you would do exactly what you did and what they did and what everybody did modern day education systems will want in on what you're doing, but do not let them. We shed the dead skin. We don't go crawl back into it. I'm sorry, babe.

You gotta go. I'm just trying to prepare you. You don't have a choice. It's calling you. It's time.

It's time. I don't know what I am, but I am almost finished. But what are we misunderstood we did not have a choice to be what we are we were told do you get it girl everything everything in this life everything that you interact with every person you interact with every single thing that's within your existence is about yep that's right it's about yep it's about that's because you got a lot of work ahead of you you got to do it it's time it's time wake up wake up so we have to learn how to do all of our work entirely on the cloud and when we get good at this we will not have any worries about our safety all we have to worry about is getting what is on here onto here so in the future we will be working with the higher compatibility footage is only safe once you've uploaded it to the cloud if someone doesn't want you in their business there's a reason why so keep on annoying them until you capture evidence as to why they don't want you in their business on camera and then run away and then those people have a tendency to Don't forget that you actually took the footage because people don't understand that what you do in the present affects the future when you're dealing with material that will be released in the future and captured in the present. Oh, we're idiots.

And if you want your revenge, after you release it, tell them. but don't tell them where in your production that you disclose the information or how you disclose the information and that would require them to watch the entire production and most likely past productions to understand what you actually did to them and no one in this world has any time for anybody but themselves anymore so it is very unlikely that the person will ever know what you did um really until it kicks them in the ass which it will um but that's some time from now and then you're safe and you got your revenge and you can laugh at them because they don't know what's coming to them but they'll see it they'll see it eventually they'll just take time make sure your productions are long make a web you gotta make a web no one is safe from the sword of your camera not even blood because Apollo never lies but here is what that means for you you are required to live an open life without regrets. A prideful existence with who you are. Always turning bad into good. And

at the end of the day you will be judged by your own sword. There is your moral boundary. I set you loose. And you will predict the events around you again and and again and those in your life who see you do this will think that you're crazy and when those events come to pass they won't realize it because you prophesied it in the past and they can only understand at the time and if you point to it they'll think you're crazy so when you document minute only the smart people will find out and no one will really know that you can be a ninja be a ninja don't let people know what you are.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-09-Baptism-in-Blood

Figure out how to say the best thing possible that gets people really upset, and you will come closer to the truth. A mirror image is still true. And when our reflection brightens us, it's still proof of what we are. For the Antichrist is each and every one of you.

you flee when you look in the mirror but those who do always find ways to not only survive but also flourish the only people that will be saved are those who can inverse their vision these are God's people Jesus calls the children dear Come to me and never fear For I love all the children of the world I will take you by the hand Lead you to a better land For I love the little children of the world Jesus loves the little children of the world All the children of the world Red and yellow, black and white All are precious in His sight Jesus loves the little children of the world Jesus died for all the children all the children of the world red and yellow black and white all the precious in his sight Jesus died for all the children of the world Jesus is the shepherd true and he'll always stand by you for he loves the little children of the world he's a savior great and strong and he'll shield you from the wrong for he loves the little children of the world i am coming lord to thee and your soldier i will be for you love the little children of the world and your cross i'll always bear and for you i'll do and dare For you love the little children of the world. I know that you'll like chocolate, so prefer the one that's good for your heart.

Every open source teacher will have access to all of my resources.

For when Apollo uncleans the dirt from upon our back, we can then clean ourselves of it. and after you weep for everybody's soul but your own i will mend up the other side of your heart and i will wash both of our souls with the utmost care and particularity and we will understand what we have just done when we get it all out in the open one driving tracking you're a tracker remember that what types of trackers are we now that's the test what is it that we're tracking and we will end this divine tragedy obtaining every single scene that we set out for it from the beginning groom your nails girl you got to look pretty my name is Guy Brish Threepwood and dear Elaine I'm here to make your dream to come true every day dress for our wedding and every day we will get married one two three the combination to freedom don't have any direct proof that there is an elitist cult in Canberra who blessed children and do a lot of other bad stuff but I do have a lot of proof as to a lot of bad stuff that happens in Canberra and there's also stories all through the underground throughout Australia about this happening in Canberra and a lot of those stories line up and and a lot of the people that I've met have been victims of these stories are involved in some way that they didn't want to be So, according to all of my evidence that I've carefully studied from the footage that I accumulated in Canberra, I have come to the conclusion that there is. But you can come to whatever conclusion that you want to. Everybody can, but at the end of the day, you have a lot of facts to get through about before you can say that what I'm saying is crap when you get through the ills of Pandora's box only then can you come to me with an ethical standpoint expect it all girl expect it all I worship the ground you walk on with everything we could ever want upon our back except you it's time to find you now So we gotta back up. Everything always has to be perfect. We'll make it perfect.

We'll always have time to reflect on what we're about to do. And we come to the round table. And here we will think about you. Fly your kite high. Cut out this footage. Get the best of it.

See the shakes. This was meant to be Eden. That's the only difference in the production. to Eden. God has a way of what it wants, what we all want. It should happen. And sometimes

we have to stand up to the seat, even though we've had bad experiences. And before the sun goes down, we will be baptized once and for all. We first have to swap the battery.

The only thing I forgot was the pouch that had the batteries in it. But that is okay because this will not take long in life but that is okay because that is part of its beauty they will try to and again but we will fight and we will remain strong so much hate so much hostility violence of god's beautiful of the odyssey of my father might have ended but mine ends with love. Mine ends with you. If you think your situation's bad, flip it.

This is the security that I have to offer. I'm packed up and ready to go. I'm at your beck and call. Dear Nausicaa, I am but a poor man and I don't want to be anything else other than that. I want to spend the money that I get to make

everybody in my environment happy but the more money that we get the more money we can spend on making everybody happy so let's send eternal happiness through the airwaves yay radio

beep beep beep beep beep what's that mean i don't know let's find out about this one Beep beep beep beep beep beep beep. Let's get awesome footage while we're out of it. We can use it here, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again. You see this guy? We'll use him again. He's cool.

Give me the good footage, baby. Let's make our own. Each child according to their abilities and capabilities. And if they're just not quite right, I'll change them a little bit.

and flip their perspective and we all work together to kill pirates these things not made for us we gotta fix that gotta fix that I hope you liked my public tour of Australia I had them on me the whole time I just had them hidden the The key is a micro SD card. You are then not locked to any device. Tick, tick, tick. I'll say my fond goodbyes to divine tragedy until I find you.

Happy Independence Day, girl. I hope you just found it. Which way's up? Which way's down?

Is anybody out there? I had more to say.

But everything that has been said, that should be said, that can be said, has already been said.

And I am now speechless. Enjoy the credits, my dear.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-10-Satellite-Phoebe-Broadcasting

a noisy minor they're coming out a lot of them what's 100 year in the calvary this was the accommodation that landed me homeless shoot the artillery i may never zoom over the enemy

but i'm in the lord's army march in the infantry forward something like that about that one I would love one of those I may never march in the infantry I in the Calvary shoot the artillery I may never zoom over my enemies but I'm in the Lord's army I'm in the Lord's army I'm in the Lord's army sir March in the infantry. Ride in the cavalry. Shoot the artillery. I may never zoom over the enemy, but I'm in the Lord's Army. Yes, sir!

I'm in the Lord's Army. Yes, sir! I'm in the Lord's army. Yes, sir. I'm in the Lord's army. Yes, sir. I may never march in the infantry, ride in the cavalry, shoot the artillery. I may never do murder the enemy, but I'm in the Lord's army. Everybody now.

I may never march in the infantry, ride in the cavalry, shoot the artillery. I may never zoom over the enemy, but I'm in the Lord's army.

The prince of his castle with a chest of drawers. That's what we need. We can do it now. The will of Kronos will turn.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-11-Fall-of-the-Titans

Be the coolest Linux chick ever But we'll have to find a more active community

Unlock your tells Who's my mousy girl? Mighty Mouse All in good time Let's try the 64-bit version The kernel is in RPM format, so we're gonna try this

Still in RPM We'll do that But after updating back to the spiral of course i'm doing this legally why would i be doing it if i wasn't doing it legally uh that's so stupid you want me to go through line by line i know i know i have to buy the product of course i do i know what i'm doing but this is a bug with the open vz system so we fix we'll only need it for one month until we sort this out on our Linux server which is a lot cheaper



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-12-How-to-be-a-Child-Star

and because everything is going into this we will combine our solutions into one and dedicate ourselves to a monthly fee and beef up our options but now we wait

renewed all in good time you just have to wait it'll come oh i screwed myself but i had to do it and it'll all work out for the batter eventually and I'll have to suffer again like I always do but but this is gonna fix it all yay it's fixing it all always living three days at a time screwed up it's time to throw out the rubbish I'll show you how every single individual has the capabilities to be gods amongst men. I have given everything to you, Ivory. I have even publicly humiliated myself in front of the entire world in your name. Now it is time for you to help me. I am man. I am built to fast and feast. I despise money. Whenever

I receive it I have to think about how to get rid of it but whoa that's an ethical question the city will wash away this is what I do with my life and I can't stop it so I have to figure out ways to cope with it we always win here's how we do it you sort out the finances ensure that I always have my hundred dollar overdraft and assigned to me what money I can blow and I will blow it on things that will last a long long time and be very worthwhile so that's the way we need management money and and you need to be able to give yourself treats and everything as well so we got two people here to look after and you need to make sure that we get food and accommodation uh first and then then i only get my hands on the money um when when it's cleared because i'm gonna i'll spend it on these sorts of things that will last a lot longer um but end up end up a lot lot better in the long term and i'll blow money like i like i those all those vps's they're useless because i just got a dedicated server but the thing is i had to i had to learn that uh that i needed a dedicated server and through all those vps's i learned that and and then i learned uh what i needed to do to rectify that uh so martial arts is a big thing that's in my future and i don't have anybody to train with um because everybody's too scared to train with me um so i gotta figure out how to do that because i want to i want to teach it too um and ultimately be awesome if you were here and we could teach you together um i could teach you very very quickly and then and then we could teach it together but uh but that's not the case now so i gotta contemplate how i'm gonna do that i will do everything that i can to protect your heart for you without being killed too every second of my investments and monetary use goes to helping everybody else around me and you can see that i've documented it very clearly for you so that is what you are too and if that's not what you are then you're not the person i'm looking for getting everybody that was the shit that's how you do it be a noisy miner be who you are you know what to do just gotta do it now what type of character does it take to do what i've done what about what you're about to do remember how the phoenix works it may be a long process but once i catch up it'll be really easy yeah so that means you can change the leader whenever you like and not even notify the people like you did at the beginning you're saying these changes are good and they just promote exactly what happened to you anyway sorry I don't understand how that's the people's choice I'm just gonna tell you what to do and you got to do it and that's your choice right you You just gotta do it, and that's your choice, yeah. What game are you guys playing? And what can I do to stuff it up?

Oh, you're such a dork, Shane. Another thing about fourth grade that was weird was my teacher, uh... In fourth grade, I got in big trouble for bringing a multi-tool. Plus, that was the year that it was obvious that my teachers didn't care about the problems that I struggled with.

Frenching or fighting in the first place. We just want everybody to be chill. Fight so that a man can work as he wants to work, as he wants to live. Smoke what he wants to smoke.

And cast off the shackles of oppression and say loud and clear that no man is subservient to another. Yeah! Oh my god, that's totally the same stuff we're into. Freedom is not just a luxury To be enjoyed by the elite and the powerful.

It is a sacred rock to be shared. Yeah, that's what we've been saying this whole time. It is a riot that is promised to us by this great nation, the United States.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-13-Beauty-of-Proserpina

So here is how we do it Here is how we fix both of our heads at the same time Here's how we skate Thank You Venus Your baptism was a success You are brilliant, but frightened Because you don't know where to start There's too much to learn. There's so much knowledge out there. There's so much knowledge in here Where do we start? Standing at the top of Mount Aetna, you are fearful because you know that you know nothing.

Let me escort you to and from the house of Hades. If you are to receive beauty from Proserpine, first you have to die and come back. Let's take the ferry. I will be your escort this is your pixie dust or wasted fix our VPS issues these people do not help they should be thrown in themselves I'll tell you why it happens and then when you be good despite how everyone is treating you we lose our ability to care about our own existence our values are transfigured and our cannon loaded this is what we call people tracks ivory Diogenes is excluded from the game but it is the dogs that are excluded from your misplaced human authority originally purchased for $5.50 all we need to do is access the cloud you've got now do we die we begin to regenerate into new and better formations I'll always repair your heart because it is the dogs that have true freedom I protested the CSG right here that guy's a douche I'm such a douche I'm really just a pawn why don't we understand or care to understand what the things in front of us mean. Locked and loaded. Aiming. Ready to fire. One day we

will learn. I've used that. It's really slow though. Because our society no longer cherishes family and friendships. Because this is all anybody ever is. Party of the first part is

associated with the party of the second part who also knows the party of the third part. This is the open source. It was $3.80 for the sushi I wanted, but I only had $3.65. Here is our zen.

But this place gave me $5 spring rolls for $3.65.

This is how we perform it. What a super bargain. Next time. $75, can't afford it.

we'll take it back but I had to show you first I'll take you back but I had to show you first I'll take you back but I had to show you first yeah wow that's so high let's take them let's skate it's time to walk our bases that'll kill you don't do that this is one of my dream cars for 12 nights I slept in these boxes around these playing fields no one cared except you I've slept in places like this countless amounts of time we've traveled our bases and now we're coming home good job orange I'm coming home my love two minutes on the battery let's see how much we can squeeze out of it let's grind I'll be your conductor these guys do not deserve honoring especially in Lismore got a story about that one I am your anchor I'm your bath I'm your flag remember you need to feel it you need to know what it's like you need to experience it three times I showed this shot my battery the planets will align a much safer one than Canberra it's time to wake up my love if only I could record all the crazy stuff that happens there's a lot of fucked up people in this world and people like me and you will always be their target It's time to go back. Our ferry has arrived. It's a bug. I'm a bug. It was already installed.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-14-Song-of-Orpheus

I'll be saying is there ain't no better reason To rid yourself of vanity and just go with the seasons It's what we need to do Oh, it may be hurt you Mousy, mousy, mousy Those with eyes, let them see Those with mind, let them understand Those with feet, let them walk And those with heart, let them take over the world those with eyes let them see those with mind let them understand those with feet let them walk those with heart let them feel those who possess all of these characteristics let them take over the world but to work the trilogy of the spell requires your one time to wake up but in our darkest of moments the Festus will always lead us back to Apollo

Well, you said that we would steal his hands But all in the town's glad that it was over So vine and pie drove my shade Just to sing for the king in a cold He was singing, I miss America Be the day that I die And the summer swelter Birds flew off where the fallout shelter 8 miles high and fallin' fast It's tied to the jester I'm in a cab Perfume while I saw Played a marching tune Jack Flash sat on a cam Thumbnails I wonder how big this is gonna be I can't do that I can't do that This is what I wanna Maybe I can talk you down How crap were those? Let's test our equipment position. Mic zoom. Here's the point.

I have absolutely no equipment running, not loading, no servers, no websites, only the stuff I uploaded, only the videos, none of my structures from ashes.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-15-Rise-of-the-Royal-Bird

I can feel the difference.

I've got this song, that's the song. Hey there, Delilah. I know times are getting hard, but just believe me, girl, someday I'll pay the bills with this guitar. We'll have it good.

We'll have the life we knew.

Word is good.

Friends would all make fun of us, and we'll just laugh along because we know that nothing's ever felt this way. I promise you that by the time we get through the world we'll never ever be saved. Be good and don't you miss me. Two more years and you'll be done with school.

And I'll be making history like I do. No, it's all because of you. This one's for you. Accumulated many scars that will forever travel with my soul.

And before you know it, my body will wrinkle, but yours will shortly fall up. Time to clean ourselves from the filth of the world. To accept the fact that you like older men and want to secure the best of them while you're still young. But I have already given you the combination to my heart, if you just look closely.

And you will have to learn how to publicly chase after me, and be respected by your peers while doing it. Fuck the adults. Because those idiots do not value brilliance, but only mediocrity. If they cannot say, oh that's nice, right after they hear it, they will burn it.

it down to the house of Hades. Their soul will go. But they have no hope because they inflict the damage upon themselves. But you children, you innocent ones, you ones of fantasy, you can be saved. And it is your job to first find your own salvation and record it.

and through that process you will lead many to their salvation and those many will continue that divine process I know that these guys are evil I used to work for them are we gonna put it in man or in God and three times must you plant the seeds of hope. And three times must you carry out complicated feats over a long period of time. This is how you win my heart.

That's all it's timed up perfectly Gotta go help a guy with his computer and we will will and deal in order to survive until the next day But we will try to get with the times And see if that fixes it. This is where I am okay, so first I tried to find real heart and and that that's over that festival but they didn't contact me at all and I paid for I paid a lot for that and they didn't I I couldn't get in contact with them I tried many times to contact them and they wouldn't respond to me I won an award for that and I'm happy with that being the only award I win ever I don't care because that was awesome And remember, this is for my first Divine Tragedy production.

Rejected.

Rejected.

They're uncontactable. I don't know what's going on with that. Rejected.

Rejected. I don't know what's going on with that. They're uncontactable.

Rejected.

So we're going in line here.

So next, my salvation.

Rejected. No history for that. There was just that one. Rejected.

I mean, ACT Honor Rock the History, uh, they're, no, no, no, no, I got rejected for that, rejected for that one, let's go current, yeah, they're uncontactable, and I think the same with them, they're not telling me, I don't know, rejected, uncontactable, history, rejected, you know, I paid probably about $800 all up on film festivals and they don't talk to you so there's not like people real people there even when they're supposed to be you know good causes but you know let's look at it properly so this is the encouragement okay so let's look at this email so i have won an award and and they're sending me this email telling me that i can order a trophy um and and then and then not contacting me saying that you know i can contact them uh but through this way i mean if you read it you can find out and i did and no one contacted me and i did it again no one contacted me so you know even our good causes that we have i mean there's no people where are people like i i really can't find people there's there's no people in the world left no one talks okay so look at this email it's formatted like this wasn't written for me um i just wanted an award for a film like i didn't even hear about the feedback of the film i didn't hear anything like why am i submitting these films like so they get shown somewhere and then they win an award i don't know like tell me what's going on i'm trying to advertise what i do uh i think that you're not really for that's all you're doing you're not actually providing the top part of of what you're doing which means that you really don't have solid foundations and and all your foundations really are let's look and I'm going down cuz I'm too tired hey I'm a person and I'm a part of this group of people and you should you know come join us and do what us group people do hey I'm a person you're a person we kind of like a lot of the same things. Teach me what you like and I'll teach you what I like.

I'm sure I like what you'll like if I understand why you like it. We should be friends and then we should find other people who are also similar to us and do the same thing. We should start a revolution. Just so you know, this is customer service. You know, you're still waiting and

been doing this for ages and the thing is that they can see the logs to this. They know that this thing is having trouble because it keeps on going online and offline and they would have statistics as to their own servers that they host. And to not be able to respond in a timely manner and this is a big thing at least to me. I pay for this service so we need to fix these problems and a lot of it's the customer support and right before we regenerate

we must take a break for ourselves because oh man i just did some awesome work and i want to watch it it's so cool i'm just gonna watch my own work the rest of my life and it's gonna be so awesome and yours we'll consult the oracle it's time yay happen when god commands it don't push it be yourself yay it's finally available for my phone yay i get a good browser on my phone finally i hated all the browser all of them works crappy but this is good this is official yay this is why look what it's doing oh why is it going down all the time white flag X in the middle. Bang. No solutions. We did good work. I can't keep doing this.

I gotta have a break. I'm gone. Good night.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-16-World-War-3

play how to do this by ear but that's okay because we did something called ingrained character

everything has a time and place and we only need to wait for the right moment to shoot the arrow about this direct space ticket i would like to stay with direct space they have really good speeds and i really like their service when it's up it's stable um but they've been having problems and I've been trying to, well pretty much this OpenVZ system you can't change anything with the kernel which means I can't run VirtualBox. And then so I put, I kept on playing around, I didn't know this for a long time and I kept on getting errors which you saw and then figured out later that it was VirtualBox so I knew that I had to get a dedicated VPS and I know that this Windows one that I have that I'm I'm using right now isn't the solution that I need. I need a dedicated VPS. See, I upgraded my VPS. Sorry, I need a dedicated server. I don't need a VPS. I just need a dedicated

server so I can make my own virtual private servers, which all I need is a Debian one and a Windows XP one, which then I can do my video editing remotely, and then I can also do my web pages and stuff like this. This is stuff that's so easy to back up. All All I need to do is right click and clone and then I can upload it to any server and then I have a backup so that means that these servers are replaceable anywhere so if I want to go with another service then I just got to upload my server so all the main server is doing is running and forwarding ports and maybe just forwarding all ports to the Linux And that Linux server would just be a small thing that would do, at first, pretty much only web pages, hosting web pages, but we'll see, you know, I could do anything with it. And you know, getting a lot of space and really good bandwidth and a really nice area to work with with sound from any any device any cheap device that sets me up for freedom so that's what I've been trying to do but then they swap me over to another another system where I can mess with the kernel so I played around the kernel and and it was good but then the sound wouldn't work and I wasn't getting errors just saying there's no sound device so which I thought I knew this from the beginning because I knew that their their vps didn't have sound But I thought that VirtualBox might try to emulate it in some way, if I could just get those kernel headers right, but that didn't work, and then, I mean, I told them from the beginning that I needed a dedicated VPS, but they wouldn't refund me for, I need a dedicated server, but they wouldn't refund me for the upgrade of the VPS that I just performed to try to get this to work, because I thought that it might be just a limitation on what i was working with like because with with crappy with like only 512 megabytes ram or even 1024 most browsers won't work uh so it's really annoying you have to have a good good computer in order to get a good browser working um but but when working remotely i'll just show you what i mean because i've been talking about it and and i know i've been kind of rude uh one time i was kind of rude to them and i'm just going to show you everything um but you know the the end result is that i folded my vps into a dedicated server so that means that all the money for my vps is i got more than i asked for um but that was through them being a pain in the ass look at all this i mean this just keeps going you can read this if you want you don't have to because i've sort of explained the situation to you but I do want you to read one part of it username and password information here that's old it doesn't matter it's all gonna be changed like see that's the good thing about your productions is is change it all like secure it all differently so all this information that you're getting because I can put it on anything like I won't give you certain information of this new server that I get because it's the final result and the thing is I can do anything with the final result I can put it on any server so I'm trying to like work with them let me get more comfortable in my hand all right so here's my first email which I'll just go to all right so this is what we want to read and this is what they can't do so but they did ended up doing way more because I get more money going towards it because I get the whole vps refunded okay so there we go there we go there we go fixed it fixed it there we go and do that like make them feel how you feel like tell them exactly what your your situation is and the thing is people don't like you doing this um but but do it um and and just keep on going at it Like, you've got to be the critic.

I'm exposing a lot of businesses here. I'm the most honest critic out there because I actually go and try to use the services the way I need and the way I need them and not the way they want them to be and not the way they say that they are. like i go into dick smith like i'll talk about this i go into dick smith and and i tell them i'm in the final part of my uh my my last divine tragedy television show and and that you know i need something good and i knew this thing was you know it has that charging problem that uh not charging like right now i don't know how it's not charging good it doesn't charge well at all um like and why i mean it doesn't matter if i put it here like i can put that the inverter on and put it in there or i can just have it plugged in like that and it doesn't matter um like it still does that so which is weird because that should be outputting like you know what what a powerpoint um could because this is only five volt like this five point i think two volts or something like that is the maximum that can go through that so you could have a high powered one that can push you know that can really really do that well um but but why why on earth like wouldn't that give at least you know that can give like nine volts like that can get 12 volts i mean this thing's capable of 21 volts i think it's 21 20 hold on where is it it's in the manual i think i have the manual on camera um oh there you go oh that's a solar panel i don't know um it's okay and these things are for laptops too and this is only a tablet this isn't a laptop so it's usb it's not like a plug so why is it having this problem um so i knew that it's not just that problem it's not just the screen thing which we've already seen weird screen stuff happen again because i knew this stuff was going to happen again and then i knew it would end up on camera and then it would make them look bad because all they're doing like if they just replace it and give me the same thing again then I'm gonna have the same problems and then they're going to be exposed and and this is but but it's also the customer service that's being exposed because they're going to Dick Smith's and tell them this and say you know here's a cheaper item that would that would work much better like so I went in there I said you know that that iPad mini that would work well because I know the video editing stuff's well and I know that it will charge well on on this thing and and I know that that it'll be more durable and I know the screen won't and I'm to be more portable and I don't have to like this thing I don't like carrying this thing around it makes me look makes me become a target but if I have this smaller device then this fits in my pocket then people aren't looking at you like that because you see your hand like they don't want to you know think you think you can't you can't still see it's harder to steal stuff like that and that's what I wanted for all those reasons and they weren't even interested they're like no that's a change of mind of a product but yeah I changed my mind about this thing because well one thing is awesome and I can work really really well with it but but here's the issue is the screen screens gay and and then and then the charging and then And the last thing is the, I need a smaller version, which there's the change of mind. But what about the other two points?

You can't just ignore those two points. Like, I've changed my mind because of the experience I've had with this thing. And if we can't, like, suit people to products and then if we just force them on, like, these are bad business practices. And this is all of our businesses that do this.

um so like and dick smith knows that this is going to a television show and they know that like and they know that that these things are going to happen again because i told them i've done research on it and i know these are consistent with it like but but the reason i did research on it before i got it um and and it wasn't out because it was too new so like they didn't have that sort of stuff um and that's why it took me a long time to fix some of this stuff um and there were so many problems with it and now a lot of it's been fixed but but it's just that I don't I don't need this thing I need I need probably an iPad mini or something suitable or if there's Android with if there's Android that had a good video editing application then then that would be awesome too but but they didn't care and then I and then that and then I just see I just test businesses test test the hearts of businesses and and maybe you'll look stupid while you do it but but at the end of the day then you show like how stupid a lot of our businesses are and then the people around you will will also see what those businesses do um and especially big businesses like dick smiths and stuff like that it's like um i i asked them i said do you care you know about the the how many people are going to see this and and how uh and and ultimately how much it's going to affect your reputation by by not providing me um with what i need in order to do the work you know because i walked in the first six miss to get this thing and they said this is the perfect thing um they said that would that was it they said um it would be reliable i told them that you know i keep it my bag all the time and and they were so they knew they knew they knew too well um and really this frame isn't made to do that like if you carry it around i guess it's good but it's it's too it's not that it's it needs improvements on how durable it is uh so they're still they're providing me this you know and i'm i'm advertising i'm advertising them to the entire world and yes this thing does awesome stuff if it was you know made for human use um but but like and this is how they treat me this is how they treat me um so it's like you know so like they're the ones advertising themselves this is their advertising methods these these uh the the reactions of their actions is their advertising method and and they're they're constant telling you that this is what you need and this is what's good and trying to you know present this is being able to solve everything like you gotta see through that you gotta see through that look at look at your the advertising material that's put in front of you and and then look at what is real look at the reality and and people that do stuff like I do that's the reality and and everything else you get, that's a fantasy. That TV that you watch, that TV that you need to turn off, that's a fantasy. This is the reality that you need to turn on. Dick Smiths gave me a spill about how it didn't matter if I was a filmmaker or not, and how they treat all their customers the same, and how the government doesn't require them to do any more than that.

so and they spout off a few lols about that to me so this is the way that our businesses function oh oh really try again I've been watching what's the craps up with the advertisement that's mostly what I do and what while we do that let's not do that all right in this video I'm going to show you how to make video using Premiere Pro CS6. But we'll raise our flag and wait for everything that we have done our entire life to come together. Once upon a time there was a writer, but he could not write stories that were not full of sadness. But he had to know what feelings he was putting on paper the ink of his blood did stories into reality those stories played out as he wrote them into prophecy just saw a beautiful bird can't capture everything and after his feather hits the paper the nightmares of our subject are revealed for the truth that they are in reality but his work made him suicidal because it offered no solutions and only identified the problems then our rider had to step out of the circle and examine how he could utilize his own magical pen to fix all of our problems but our own sins have tattooed the mark of the beast onto us that's right we're all going to hell at least I'm doing something about it by trying to create a self-sustaining community with the right people where the right people and as the prophecy is unraveled all we will be able to hear is crucify him but the thing about a priori statements is they remain true after during and before the fact

pump it pump it i'm sorry i never meant to screw you ever it wasn't my intentions I'm sorry I had a problem you should have helped me you had a problem too we should have fixed our problems together I want to live that way you knew I want to live that way you knew that you had to read into what I say when you married me can't let it go I can't do that we got to live it you're right I didn't marry you but you treat me like a stranger and that feels so rough so have your friends collect your records and then change your number now you're just somebody that I used to know somebody years you can get addicted to a certain kind of sadness that crazy notion to the end always the end so when we found out we could not make sense you said we would still be friends but I'll admit that I was glad it was over but you didn't have to cut me off let's do some worshiping we got to build this we just got to build it on the outside of the walls we'll make it look like this and this you need to know what I felt so you can be everything that Jenna couldn't be for me but we still have some loose ends to tie up and a few more short stories to tell through our actions this is a test this is standard quality from my camera and I'm going to see if it will output at the quality that I want I only need a certain quality. I'm only documenting what I'm doing. I'm wanting the same that I do now. Variable bit rate of 2000 and a maximum bit rate of 4000. That's what I'm aiming for if I can

get that with what I'm doing. Boom! I've done good and it'll be a lot smaller, a lot easier to work with. It needs to record at 720 x 576. That's the resolution. That's what I need

so i need to get have been using high quality last one was long play and this one short play

why do we need crazy qualities that crash almost all video editing applications

how vivid do we need our pictures in order to understand them recording in short play alter my productions at all and maybe divine tragedy is now complete but I assure you at the time that you are watching this video I am either dead or frantically invested into another project that will save the world and I must prepare for a life alone but I promise you no matter what generation you come from if you find me and I am no longer living our souls will unite in heaven and in heaven we will be anointed as the king and queen of human civilization but it will be our plaything and we will spend the rest of its life punishing it for keeping us apart while we were living because corrupt pilgrims will no longer feast on my blood what has to be wrong with someone to think oh Oh yeah, that's food. Hey look, it's food. Hey guys, it's food. You see? You see how? Yeah, it's food. Really, seriously, what's wrong with us? Barriers always stopping us from going the places that we want to go. It's the area without people. That's why I want to go there. Just hang out. No one's there. I'll never have a place like that.

people like me don't get those privileges we have to get pushed in with heaps of people or lose our rights to basic necessities oh they got it you doing oh I can teach you to become awesome at everything correct me I will teach you please protect me by allowing me to protect you we love colors and now this color is both of ours forever how do people live like that beats me my tablet has been charging for many hours and is that 30% it is fickle and it depends on which wall charger you use and which port you put it in and and which outlet you use like it'll work and then stops working and and then you have to change it and then it'll stop working and this is the tablet that the Dick Smith has insured me with but I can't just keep purchasing crap that won't do the job that it's supposed to do just do it take the hit get an ipad mini then you don't have to worry about a phone this usually gets us a few days it's pretty cheap tonight our technology might not be working but this technology is let's fill it with this So tonight, my best friend Simon, yet again, disrespected me for not having a job, but he doesn't understand what it's like to be me and try to get a job in Australia. My father has a similar story. I have applied for over 11,000 jobs in Australia and only received a handful of those. And a handful of those, only a handful of those replied back to me.

So there's all these jobs I'm putting a lot of effort into making meaningful cover letters. And most of them don't ever get back to me. And besides me being American, it's also because I'm unconventional. And it's obvious that I'm unconventional.

but that's who I am and that's what you would pay for if you were to hire me and and in America I can get a job like that every single job I ever applied for in America I've gotten so what's the problem here like there's this brilliant guy who's obviously brilliant and he can't get a job in Australia but he can get a job like that in America you can do awesome work in America so you know In America, it's like, hey, there's this crazy guy who's awesome, let's see if we can use him. In Australia, it's like, okay, there's this crazy guy who's American, and we don't want to use him for anything, so we'll make him homeless and cause him to be on disability because we consider him disabled. What's going on? What's going on here?

And then all their friends, you know, someone that ends up like me, they're just a bum, you know. they're just they're not doing any good for society they're a terrible person and they should get off their asses and make some money so this is how we're thinking let's keep thinking I'm writing my name's Wendell and I'm a person you know I'm spending my time to to write something to them and then I'm gonna write we're gonna make a paragraph We're gonna put some words together in a in a particular way And I'm gonna write Yep, I'm just writing for the sake of writing. Yeah, that's right. I'm just writing just to write You know Right and right and right and yeah, just right and you know, there's no point in writing all this. Yeah, just writing

Yeah, just writing Never writing to get a reply. It's not it's not like, you know, there's real people in the world or anything I'm just writing for the sake of writing. Just applying for job after job, just for no reason, it's not like I actually think about what I do, especially you know it's not like I would be any good at that, just know apply dude dude dude dude dude dude dude man it's not like i really want you know a human reply back i just wanted some you know email that was written for a lot of people thank you

let's go to our scent now it's not like people will actually reply or anything you know when when we need help or when we were trying to get you know a way to do what we need to do you know it's not like we're gonna actually look at people or try to respond as a person I mean are there real people in this world anymore I don't think so I mean I've been looking for a really long time and you know this is my scent and my scent mail but the majority of the emails that I get in real life are from robots and And that's even when I apply for jobs and to be honest most jobs ignore me They won't they don't even send those letters to me

So I mean there's a big problem. I mean look at this like okay So this is before this is before I was applying for jobs, but we're going we're going back in in time here and We're going through the same thing All of April I'll do the other no no no it's you see we're doing it we're doing it and you can you can uh march it yeah yeah we're doing it you can pause this anytime you want okay is that the end and that's the end of that so we'll continue off where we left if I can say that straight no say it backwards this is awesome I'm exposing everything let's do this thing fuck you all I finished university better than any of you you know I thought very carefully about how to do this thing and to be honest I don't know how so you know I'm going through a hundred and a hundred and a hundred and a hundred and a hundred and a hundred and that's a lot my life is open source but but I do want to show you something important and that is this okay when star now deleted my account I had like heat an inbox there and that had heaps and heaps and heaps in it and and what I really want to show you is yes I think it's this one okay I think it's right before that one is this it this is it we got two of them okay all right here we go this is how I can help you help your business so I can't do that that's I can't have you know you know I'm trying to launch something I can't have like secrets until it gets launched it's not good okay but let's let's reveal it to them anyway okay okay all right and this this happens okay so this is at this time i had maybe 500 people i was working with like 500 people lots of like 250 300 maybe like 350 of them were kids like teenagers and youth even college even college so it's all saying that they would dedicate themselves to open source education so let's see the matters let's see what matters let's see why i had to start this war because this is how you people treat me you people being society society this is a an ethical matter i'm not doing anything wrong and you took me away from my field, star now, that's my field, that's where I need to be, but guess what? You're gonna burn in hell. Not replying, they banned my account, like, seriously.

This is bad. Read this, read it. That doesn't work, neither of the tablets work with that. That don't work, even with their own equipment.

They don't care, not replying. Filming today too. This is how divine tragedy started. We always have to go back to our origins.

Always looking for open source stars. Always putting secret messages. We'll do that, we'll do that. Here we go.

There's more, there's more to this story than this one. I'll show you. Let's talk about trust and safety. Philosophy?

um don't think you know the word and go through it again always going through it again see what I mean they are they are a date what day the other ones were way before that was regarding an assignment way before so center that cheer and fly and that's no clue okay that was center just reply do this it's like old email so it's like old formatting before they got nice. Okay, here we go.

Smile.

You do PETA are on camera. Let's do this thing.

Click, click.

Don't want to undo. Don't want to undo. Don't want to undo. I want to wait.

I want to show you. I want to show you what it means to be a philosopher.

This is what it means. Bang. Bang.

There is no one that will help me do this.

This is the free society that we live in.

All I want is careful help putting together a case against mental health.

So they'll have to fix their systems.

Do you think anybody ever replies to my emails? do you think these are the first emails that I've written that don't get replied to thousands thousands and I got a whole life to go and talk to people I mean look where I go look what I do we're gonna die we're gonna burn in hell but dear girl even though all the people in the world are idiots we will learn to solve our own problems without them so this is what the surge film festival did for me besides giving me an award in which I didn't know what it was for that's it that's it okay see it's just okay awesome and we got two likes on there so let's shoot them off that's cool that'll be good okay let's be honest now okay so i haven't touched any of these so these are all real views i'll just go down i guess you won't know what they are but you can just kind of see you know i guess i'll show the ones so like not many people watching that but but having a few views you know on ones like these are pretty good you know and there's one popping up maybe it's just one person maybe it's one person but but look they're not watching the uh the previous one so why are they doing that why are they skipping why are they skipping ones like they shouldn't they be you know watching it consecutively like no one's even watch episode one like what's wrong with us okay so yeah see I haven't touched these that was for something I'm gonna be releasing something I'm gonna be releasing it'll take a little bit you can look forward to it when I'm gonna enable you to cartoon okay so I paid someone to have someone to basically get people to look at at this video so and they I got comments and stuff from that that. They thought it was cool. I paid someone to get 5,000 views, but they were real views, they weren't crap views. I could have got 30,000 crap views, but I don't want 30,000

crap views. This one is 301. A lot of those I added through a program. I need people to that because when they see that they'll realize but but youtube sticks it at 301 if it's a bit suspicious from the views and yeah that was yeah and that 85 like see that like 85 it might be like 30 or 20 or something like that see i added some of those added some of those to you know get appearance i don't care anymore i don't care i'm not gonna do that anymore but i did see see a lot of these were added like like 80 of them were added or 20 of them were added or 40 of them were added so you know how many of those are real you got that one yeah like there um my likes are real my likes are real um but there's not many likes there's some dislikes you know song of wind has a dislike yeah i got dislikes like this it's pretty funny uh oh i wonder who did the dislike there

and yeah yeah so like you know how many of these are real i don't know maybe like 20 or 30. okay

yeah see another one it maxed out it's like why i need people to see that so i want i want i want people to see that movie that movie's the start of all this it's always important it's not any less important just because later like that's that's not entirely real mostly that's mostly real like that one it's the same thing uh most of divine tragedies like that but what we'll do is we'll check nesmith.net okay so this channel is older and a lot less has been done to it as far as you know manipulating the stats um most of these are real uh okay so that's all real um it's only really really short like it's youtubers like short stuff they're so stupid okay and so that one has been bloated a little bit uh maybe by i don't know 50 or 60 that one there hasn't been touched i was just like that but that's another short one it's like we're so stupid so you know i'll get 69 i'm always getting that number that in 13 um okay so another thing stuck on 310. That was blotched a little bit. That's why it's stuck on 310. That was blotched a little bit. That was blotched a little bit. That was blotched a little bit. Okay, so these

ones, most of these ones weren't. See, these weren't. That one was, I think, a little bit. But, see, most of these weren't. So most of these are actually good views that we're getting.

this is a lot older and I actually got like subscribers that hate me on it so and they don't realize that I have divine tragedy or open source heart TV so you know even though people don't look you don't look like it's on my page but people don't realize so I see I get a lot more that's only one I'll show you later because i got some popular ones that are merely like those the readings so see that most of these are real so this is sort of my influence but the thing is is that okay i had my website going and i knew all my stats there so i was getting quite a few there and the thing is i was using um g uh g drive um the google drive to to host the videos so i didn't link it to youtube for a long long time so only i saw the stats there uh but but these are sort of my numbers that i get and to be honest like let's see that that one see you can see how many that that's real um but look look what we got here so that's awesome i mean that's awesome but i mean we should be getting more than that but we'll get more and the thing is some some people find my channel through through coming to the books that's always good um so even even if they're the most popular thing that I have it's alright they're good books everything I have that all my readings are really awesome that I release everything I'm directing you to is like the best stuff that human civilization has to give yeah so I mean this is sort of people but the thing is I have no way of advertising and and mainstream you don't realize how much how much money mainstream puts in all of this um like they really do control you they really do uh so because they're putting they're saying you know so so blotting these numbers i showed you in a divine in living neverland produced it how to do that so i thought about doing again but no i don't need to show you again because it's the same thing um and all this work is given to you um so you can know how to do it but the thing is like uh big mainstream corporations um they use like advanced methods of this uh they're doing the same thing just in a kind of a worse way to be honest a worse way um a very cutthroat way because they think that you know what they have to give is is what everybody needs and it's so terrible because you see it with abc and abc is really dominant you know I walked in there I've gone to ABC quite a few times telling them about free education and stuff like that and they don't want to hear it they laugh at me like you can even see them smile and it's like man you've got some problems like so you don't want to listen to an individual you have to listen to only collective organizations and they have to have money in order for you to listen to them and and there's something going on like seriously we're gonna die oh house of Hades I no longer have the statistics for nesmith.net or any of the websites from its history but I really don't think that's relevant as far as the hits I was getting I know I know the amount of people that I was reaching and I was happy with that and really to be honest I was only really reaching maybe a hundred people every every month and like real people like like lining it up following the trails seeing what what they're doing how long they're spending on pages and getting you know a hundred people like that I mean I'm doing my job I'm doing everything I need to do I'm not I'm only looking for special people and and most of you aren't prepared mentally to cope with the topics that I have raised so defoliate these were released December 21st 2012 but I first uploaded them privately so I could get them on YouTube in time for their release and then I showed them to only my mother and within 24 hours these were here the one who saw one dislike and one view

bang everything happens when the gods allow it but there is a point where everything

comes together doesn't do anything doesn't load a lot of stuff like that happens on windows 8 it's not worth it I want the compatibility my girl after Jenna left she went to an abuse counselor and told all of our friends never abused her standing at the altar a gift for cerebrus she's second-guessing she's like he looks like Hanson a bit uh should I marry him sure I oh sure I don't know oh here's my hand but it's okay because i got married to ganna not jenna uber fail i don't know what vow she was taking this should have only been you but i tell you it is not in vain because i would have never been able to find you if it wasn't for this that was in melbourne and our divorce papers are in there as well as my passports and identification. This was in Ballarat right before they threw me in the psychiatric ward. What is that? I got on the boat.

You decide. This day was really really fake, kind of sad, a sad day. So she was getting baptized by our pastor who refused to marry us because we were too young. She gets dunked, she gets dunked.

then apparently we're all happy there but that was so fake no one knew she didn't know what she was doing let's see what Jenna has to say to the world she has no sound just do goldfish a mouse eating goldfish oh should have known she doesn't actually have anything to say she's sad I bet you there's a way to get sound. I don't know how I uploaded this. I don't even remember it. Oh, she sticks in her nose.

Oh, terrible. Oh, that's so gross. Oh, nice. I wonder what I'm saying. I wonder whether there's no sound. Is that far away? Maybe we'll get sound. What a stupid name. This is the first night that we met. It's at her

house she had a tent party so we got drunk in a tent off vodka and coke and midori and then her friends dared her to kiss me so then she took the pleasure of burning my hair on this day at the big day out what are you doing sorry right before she burnt my hair not big day out rock it her family was always very distant with me so was she ready to burn some hair she got a stray dog and then couldn't look after it and then ended up giving it to someone else and that's the story of her life is you can't look after what like when she commits to stuff she can't keep committed and they end up terrible dogs terrible dog but it's because it's hers and she wanted to train it but she never trained it and i wanted to help her but no no she doesn't like training things here's another really bad dog he's dead now but uh that was one that she trained trained really bad evil a friend in america ages ago made this for me for her actually not for me it's not mine oh that's funny how many adventures are unlocked in this one directory all right started recorded the whole thing that was a bullshit moment we weren't really on talking terms when i took it and we took it this is taco this is the dog that i trained i'll make her famous Good girl. I love her? Bro. Yo, stupid.

Stupid. No. She did it really well. Is that all I got?

Just the two? Yeah. I don't have to do. She did awesome stuff.

She did like parrot dog stuff. And you'd say, parrot dog, parrot dog. And she'd like climb up you and sit on your shoulder. let's get back to where we were because we got lots of travels you know i could tell you all about you know each of these because these these are mostly homeless travels um and bad stuff happened like the whole time so um like these have a story there's a reason i took that and well it's actually the place i stayed at when i was trying to you know get a place and those are the friend way you know and staying at places like these so we got like all these bush that I go to lots of beaches lots of beaches you know all these are meaningful stories behind them like I was staying at Chris's there because this is all you know from the divorce like this my life got crazy after the divorce because I had no one I had nowhere that's that was a going away party when I went back to America and they kept on putting like really strong alcohol in there got me really drunk it was not good but I don't know why they did that and then they put makeup on me and stuff like that and so then I went back to America and the family didn't want me and I'm getting stolen from this This has a story right here, so this thing right here, when I was with Jenna one time I made this and it was like, see there's this A4 paper, A4 paper, A4 paper, A4 paper, A4 paper, and you know I'm not sure what it means, like I was kind of in my creative possessed state, you know, that I get into that I've been talking about.

Which is a lot of the reason why people don't like, like me, can't handle me, can't handle me, my cross.

You know, we do these pictures of families, but we don't really know what these families are. We can't, we can't, we can't have a solid family foundation, which is sad, so sad. okay so this is a um at a gay bar actually but it's a play it's a kind of creepy play that's my friend Steve Steve he died and that's that's Steve too that's another Steve he didn't really die he just died in in the play and see like I take images like that this sort of where I started with graphics and get green and always yeah meet people see I'm there I'm at that house I'm with steve because i'm homeless i have nowhere to go my family didn't want me where should i go you know i walked like that i walked in front of that the same night that i became homeless and this guy was there and this is steve he's a good guy that's aaron okay so i then got to the airport so this is the augusta airport and i don't have any family seeing me off or anything they don't care and they're in the same city like they're in the same city i get in and and it's sad like people ask you know about my life and my family and it's like man i hate i hate where are you from i hate that i can't answer that it's so bad it's so like don't ask me that like ask me something else like that's not cool it doesn't work for me so we got cities lots of cities i'm always capturing cities and they all do patterns too like i put this into a slideshow which i probably will one day make it into a production well i think i just have i think i just have and to be honest i don't really care about these images that much i mean if i notice something see look what i'm doing right now is i'm getting all these images so like i'm gonna have to study this later so i'm gonna know these images pretty well um yeah so that's how i work it okay so you i'm homeless here i'm homeless through most of all this what am i supposed to do what am i supposed to do i gotta go to the suit bus so i can eat because i can't afford anything like i'm gonna burn in hell okay so homeless homeless susan ballarat homeless homeless you know trying to survive trying to survive i got nowhere to go like i can't i can't be around other people i I end up getting persecuted and hated on, like, I naturally got to be, I got to go away, got to go away, got to be isolated.

Here's a family that invited me over for a few meals a few times, and then they stopped with contact, like, that's the way everybody works, is they lose, if you're not in front of them, then they'll lose contact, but they were kind of brainwashed. That was a guy I was in the psychiatric ward with. He's cool. He's a niche.

He's like, yeah, I'm a philosopher. Yeah. Music and enlightenment. Music and enlightenment.

But I won't talk to you. We won't be friends or anything. Like, yeah, I'll just say that, yeah, I know you. That's this guy.

I was good friends with this guy between the ages of 10 and 13. 13 and then when i went back to america with jenna when we were 18 he tried to sleep with her at our party in our bed always this no she didn't record sound but i guess got a little bit of battery left on the camera so we will finish what she's doing she recorded this and then gave it to me she She recorded it for me, for me, for this particular moment right here, where I can sit in a tent and laugh at her, bye bye, bye bye, ooh she spit it at me, she always did stuff like that. Dear Ivory, I'm over her, it took me three years, I'm now ready for you. This is how I had to get my closure, and I will get it with a kiss from you.

Just wait. A lot of girls get obsessed with me and do things like this for their wall in their room. Original? This is right before I broke my leg.

Back in the day when I actually had people who could take photos of me. It was kind of built there. I was doing martial arts heavy. My friend's place in Perth.

Their daughter is way too young for me to even think about Made these for me That's what that's what tends to happen. I mean girls Girls really like me and now I'm not able to go back there, but I didn't do anything bad would never do anything bad It's really annoying actually

Never had the relationships. I wanted during Christmas during any time really i was always the weird guy who only kept the purse could never afford the pictures as i grew older always the big kid always rocking out the roof is on fire we don't need no water you poke me right after it was done the beginning of a dysfunctional family right before i took a philosophy test and passed with a really controversial essay just passed just a credit don't forget homeless traveled to melbourne to take it from ballarat here's my proof okay so Hanson socks that's what that t-shirt says Jenna knew what she was getting into Charlie that girl that drew me all those pictures she gave me this well this one oh well this is Brandon everyone see we get better at doing what we do and figure out methods it's like a a big puzzle and I'll show you a lot at one time I do have some pictures in here that I'm not exactly proud of there's a lot of stories behind a lot of these pictures too dyed my hair black for a while really was lonely with her you can see more of the Hanson sucks there on that one all right yeah do that that's That's a good one, I'll open that one, it's an old one. That's my brother, what a dork, that's Neville. Okay so this guy right here, he wasn't Jenna's friend, he was my friend but he turned on me and then supported Jenna and did weird stuff.

He like came to meet with like as a coordinator between us and Jenna wanted it but I didn't. kind of terrible and she she killed herself my friends shannon i hate my hair short and always looks bad short so the biscuit that's nia me and nia dated for a very short time and while we did that we hooked up stan and my mom and then everybody thought we were weird because we We were dating so we just called it off and it's like, well, that's kind of gay because I was the one that, you know, said we should hook these two people up because they look like they could work well together and they do, but then I lost her and she turned out really bad, but she was kind of bad anyway. I wouldn't, I'm glad that that happened, so. And these are our three adopted children that we got.

Like, Ron's like nine. I think I'm like 12, though.

Why not? I'll go ahead and do this one. So, you know, a lot here to see.

This is, like, therapy or something. Let's download it.

And then people just walk by this, you know, and it's all cool. No one even really notices. People don't notice. like like i even mentioned it to someone and they're like whoa i didn't even know it's like because this is the world that we live in and people don't realize what's in front of them

oh yeah how much is in this one picture how much is in every picture i hope you can see it

you know i am doing all of this because i'm about to stop so let's keep that in mind good night my love. We don't have much more to go.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-17-Australian-Love

Okay, so last night I unloaded this thing on this so let's see And the whole thing the whole battery into this Come back. You know how long it was charging. You know what time I laid down

Three and a half years ago after my ex-wife left me God told me two very clear things

one prepare for the apocalypse to find you i'm doing both carry my cross three teach you one and two hey chris it's wendell how are you doing nope yeah well i'm not very good at all because what exactly what i said would happen happened and i have documented footage of uh the screen messing up a lot and and the real bad thing is it won't charge properly like i keep saying like okay i've been charging it for the past two days not much use at all because it's not charging properly and right now it's 60% after charging for two days. So there's a big problem. I think this is rather funny because I'm capturing both you Dick Smith and Asus. I'm capturing how bad it is. All I wanted to do was edit videos

and that wasn't asking much and I get provided this equipment and it's not the right equipment to do what i need i mean the the equipment's not good um it doesn't charge right so i i guess this is a courtesy call to tell you that i will be coming back whenever i get the chance um and you're gonna have to decide what to do because i got a piece of equipment that i can't use and if you give me another piece of equipment that i can't use then it's just gonna make you look worse and worse and worse that's fine okay so yeah okay so you're gonna start thinking about what you're gonna do for me okay no problems well I'll be in whenever I can I told you that I can't come in often like I'm a traveler and and right now there's a camera pointed right at the phone so you're you're disconcerned for my issue is is captured on camera thank you very much for that okay see you later bye am I teaching you well enough you need to learn our human vocabulary and its origins in order to understand what people are saying to you. Now setting myself up for the future. The government needs to help we the people replace their services so we no longer need them. One. What is it? Two. Three. It's time to

take out the trash. I just had a guy that said I have that look about me and that would go buy a gun and then shoot up a school. Not cool, not cool. Look at the life I've lived, and look at the life you guys have lived.

And that was right after he told the story about how tuna in Australia are transported, alive, paralyzed, all except their brains.

That's how they get to Japan.

Then he proceeded to tell me that the great martyrs of our human history lived wasted lives. How wasted is this? But here is the problem. None of you have seen a prophet because there have been none in a very long time. You only have the records left of them

from a very long time ago that they left for you. Study them and you will study me. and maybe i am the most unconventional of them but don't you worry when my ivory rises you will all be punished severely for your sins she will set you straight we are preparing all the dogs come out of the water and bring him back our toy but here's the thing society and you listen carefully.

I am not the bright-eyed purple one.

The only reason I appear to be her is because I am obsessed with her. You're scared of me now. Oh boy, you wait for her.

Do crazy stuff until they put you in a psychiatric ward. This will teach you. I had to go three times. You only need to go once.

Learn from everybody there. You need to help them. always refuse the medications make them force it upon you fight its effects fight it fight it you can still be you no matter what openly tell them that you are there to expose them tell them that if they treat you without care and particularity that their souls will be judged in Tartarus. Tell them that you will make sure of that. Tell them that you are the bright-eyed

purple one. And when you get out of there, you will destroy them. Do not trust the sick, for they are not healthy. But remember that they are your friends. They are the reason your heart

beach they are the reason this is about to shoot be careful of the people who will use you waste your time and try to get free labor out of you for your brilliance this consists of all of the population do not trust your friends do not trust your family the only person in this world that you can trust is me If you do not believe me, then you are welcome to test the waters. They will spit you out as soon as they no longer see you as a valuable part in their life.

Which is when they realize that you're serious about everything that you are saying.

Hide behind metaphors and allegories, which means you need to learn them very well. because when you say something cryptically people are too stupid to realize that you mean literally metaphorically and allegorically now run home set the bar for yourself as high as you can reach and it will feel very cumbersome like you won't be able to reach it but trust me you're gonna study it again and you will make sure you jump hi hi as you can as high as you can shoot on June 27 1984 an alien was sent down to earth it was found and raised by simpletons but when it matured it had to find its origins its other half what day were you born on I will celebrate the day of your birth every single day the The day that humanity was given a second chance. They try to make them not fight men. They try to make them take it.

And they're not romantic to them at all. They're just, this is what's happening. This is what's happening. Now we do this.

It would be in your best interest if you did it in this way. And then after everything right, you'll be fine. You'll do everything right. You'll be fine.

You'll be fine. You'll be fine. You'll be fine tonight. It's all over.

And then what to do. And then what to do. How much can you use this child? Okay, so we messed the child up.

This child's no good. We're gonna be a good boy. What can we do now to him? How many more people are there?

How can we use this channel? I don't know. I'm gonna feel it. I think it's done.

It's done. It's done. We're done. It's done.

It's becoming difficult. And you know what? I've spent my time to figure out when to actually talk about this. And now I am and now I will not stop.

and we will figure this out if I never find my girl or whatever I mean as long as I don't cut along this as long as I don't take my chem block I will figure this out and I will have all I will do everything I can to fix it and if I think girls not real then then I'll do it myself um I can't have this happening I love you kind of, and I love you most that have been rejected, that have been abandoned, so it will be you that I give what I, that, that, post, post subject. I mean it. I will do everything. Now I'm not in Canberra, so I got this beautiful place, which thing is, there's a whole northern river section, and I can be as secretive as I want to, and I can keep doing this and release production after production after production trying to wake you up, you children, you lovely children of the world, you beautiful children of the world, so you can then take over our media and teach us all how to not rape you, not to not bless you, to not murder you, to not abandon you, to treat you with respect, to not make you grow up to be like everybody else, to teach you manners, to teach you how to care about people, to teach you love, to teach you to control the world with your own heart, with your own mind, with your own body, with your own soul, and give it all, not just in one topic, one topic or this topic or that topic i'm talking about give everything you can like geniuses they are they are not a genetic trait and they figure out something they figure out something and then they get obsessed with that one thing and then those things repeat again and again and again and i'm just going to wait for this camera to go out because this is the final take of this production independence day for kids and and i'm just going and that's what you need to do that's what you need to find your obsession but you need to find your obsession that will lead you to other obsessions you need to get obsessed with everything you just get obsessed with everything you'll be a genius and maybe you will be alienated by your peers but the thing is you're going to be so much smarter than everybody else you're going to give so much more to this world and if i die right now look how much i've already given this world and i'm going to live you know i've lived showing them it was the first one of three i was always right to begin with this is the disability worker. He's a super chick. Literally, metaphorically, and allegorically. I'll show

you later. Didn't work. So cool. Making fun of it. Here he is. He's a star. He welcomes

my proposal. What did I propose? We'll find out. Here we are. No more emails. Not doable.

This bitch started it all She didn't talk to me after that No conversations But here's how much I talked to her after that So from there Ignored Ignored Ignored This is the requirements For being accepted into society This has been censored a lot And I've been banned from this forum Bull crap People make change i spent all the way up until two years ago trying to get a job with them maybe not even two years ago just like look at if you just read this you'll see i've been trying to get a job with them i'm brilliant with technology yeah they don't they don't want people that are they don't fit in they don't want aliens even though they say they do you know they don't you have to be a capitalist that's what you need to be so i can't post on this forum anymore because I'm banned it ran out my typewriter that's it then I was banned I would have had much much much much much much much more to show you if all the places that I've been banned from over my life if I just kept the information so if I like copied all the emails and stuff like that or printed them out into a PDF or something like that if I did that I would have so much but what happens is when I get banned they I don't have access to that account and that's what they want because they don't want you to use evidence against them because I got a lot of evidence against really star now and carmelicity I got a lot of crap but all throughout my life it's been like this so it's not just those two those two have the most but but you'd be surprised I've been I've had my hands in many pots over my life constantly finding people to eventually run away from. Don't stop running until you fulfill every one of your heart's desires. Don't stop running until you can publicly be who you are without persecution. Don't stop running until you can get along with everybody within your environment. We'll be leaving this place soon. We leave everywhere, but only to go

somewhere else. Where are we gonna go? Where are we gonna go, dear Artemis? Tell us where to go. I'll follow you to the ends of the earth. I love you. Six, six, six.

check out this liar one two three imagine how much isn't there alone because we can even play the instruments of our enemies you must be in your approach why do all of our businesses sell inappropriate and faulty products you got countless documentation and then when you try to take it back they act like they're doing you a favor but don't worry they'll replace that product with the same product that's also inappropriate and gonna do the same thing and make them look bad it's so funny because this is the truth this is how the truth looks you want to see ah I wouldn't have been able to get away with with all I have if this wasn't under the cover of mythology because people look at it oh this guy's making films about mythology and they don't realize that I'm actually telling the truth here's for the goal we made it the best archer in the world made it hey I'm gonna try my best to date your daughter yeah I i know she's young mythology mythology mythology mythology uh yeah okay yeah okay mythology i'll do it i'll do it mythology mythology there you got it mythology could you imagine what would happen if i got really popular before i did all this oh everything happened how it should have I first wanted to be adopted into your family. I thought that they might be wise to create someone like you, but after careful consideration and contemplation of the events that have happened throughout my life, I don't think that your family and I will be getting along, nor your family and you, and I doubt you and your family get along right now. So, you're going to have to rebel, you're going to have to rebel, I'll help, I'll carry my cross. Here is the only question, were you born this year?

What about this year, were you born on this year, or this one, is that the year you were born? What about that one, were you born in that year, were you born in this year? I'm being truthful, that's it. 1999 when I knell. What about this year? I'll show you why later. Tick tick. I'm on. Gotta

take it back now. We're almost there. Be prepared. The guy that said I look like the type of person that would buy a gun and shoot up a school came to me later and said that he meant it in a way that I look like I'm rejected and that's not an excuse at all for for saying something so horrible but it is true because the rejected turn out one of two ways and you're seeing one extreme and every day in America and around the world you see the other extreme but the problem is that we should not have anybody in these sort of situations we should all be loved I show you the other extreme every single day your purple one but my extreme is a freak occurrence a product of evolution but it is unheard of in society and is rejected because Because instead of turning the gun onto others, I turn it onto myself and contemplate many, many ways to end my own life.

And then I end my scenes with an effective method to do it. And I learned very well that when the time comes, I'll do it. I'll do it right. And those who I leave behind will have to cope with their own failures.

Because I just taught the entire world how to eradicate suicide from human society. But now it's time for all of you to not listen.

Because when you remove the reasons that someone would no longer value their own life, You also remove countless amounts of crime, including school shootings.

But first, you have to remove the schools.

Then these guys.

Care. Then eventually, this.

I could see myself grading psychiatric wards and killing all of their staff. but that's the limits of my psychosis out of drugs and need to learn how to survive without them because the idiots in Parliament put a blanket ban on all of my legal drugs that help right here and when we run out oh boy does that look beautiful to hack up here is a bright idea let's create a robot let's make it surf the internet for videos let's make it watch all the videos let's make it listen for the sounds and then speech and then let's get it to recognize that speech and then let's get it to output that that speech to a text document and then let's get that text document in a searchable format so now we can know what everybody's actually talking about and we can you know track it uh isn't that smart uh we don't do that because we're idiots and i can't do that i don't know how to make stuff like that you need a big company like google to do that go google fuck you i got another bright idea let's create search engine it's just search text yeah yeah we'll call it Google and and then over time you know we could kind of pop in some ads there you know slowly get people used to it you know it looks neat and and there's nothing you know that's that's popping up in front of them so so that's that's what we need to grow used to and then slowly move them over and eventually we just have ads everywhere and and the thing is you you think these ads are actually results so you because you Google's a search engine it's all about knowledge so so we're thinking that this is actually a good result for us to go to and and sometimes it might be but it's advertising and it's paid advertising and the methods behind it might not necessarily be ethical and and Google's making a lot of money on it they they you know they slowed us into the water they they the the water rose slowly and and then they pride themselves on on having you know creative and eccentric staff but the thing is they they only choose the staff that and And the ones that don't work like that, well, that's the real ones. That's the real brilliant people, the ones that don't parrot.

And even though they demonstrate their brilliance over their entire life and search for a job in Google, trying to communicate with the Google career team, but alienated from them because of a personality that they would not like on their team because they're going down because they're doing things that are not ethical and they will continue to do things that are not ethical but they do they got a lot of software and and they got the whole market and we use them i use them every day um so so they don't care they don't care and and the whole thing is is this is going to come back all on you because can you get in contact with anybody at Google if there's it is there's a problem can you can you get in contact with anybody can you talk these subjects out is there you know real human interaction that's going on here it's all gonna it's all gonna break down because you're gonna become reliant on something that that is is not going to stand and then when it when it falls then where are you going to go and and pretty much that we're gonna get lots of businesses that are gonna be cutthroat about it but what we need to do is just get rid of the ads just get rid of the ads just stop make it free um charge for your services your communication your time that you spend and and stop with the ads don't do this this is bad this is stupid like everybody thought it was good at first because you didn't have to charge for services so the internet companies could you know make their products and and and then you know reap the benefits for a long time but but we we got the infrastructure in now like almost anybody can recreate what Google's done so we just got to do it we just got to do it and get rid of them get rid of Google and every time a monopoly like Google comes comes around then we should create another one that's better though I mean we're a bunch of smart people there's a lot of open source stuff there we can reuse all this this open source material so we got it in our hands and we just don't know how to use it we end up relying on google and wordpress and and tumblr and facebook and twitter and youtube and things and even archive.org like we're relying on all of these things but we're not learning how to rely on ourselves because we should be making all these things but but these see these start is it's going to be really easy for anybody make anything and i'm trying to make it that's what i'm trying to do is i'm trying to open up the internet i'm trying to make it really easy for anybody to make anything that they want so let's stop doing what we're doing and let's change the internet for the better of everybody let's make it about people let's make it about caring let's make it about love let's make it about a heart let's make it about the mind let's make it about understanding let's make it about changing the world because we're about to do it that's what i call a google career i just completed it because if we do this we can replace every Chris at Dick Smith every Dick Smith every Google every Sony and every Windows Microsoft now let's do a live update in order to be able to replace every this will keep our businesses in check and we the people will create our own organic this will cause our products and services to improve drastically as we the people keep our businesses in check by having the capabilities to replace them on hand. This is what we're talking about. We'll blow it on you. Meritocracy is a political philosophy that holds power should be vested in individuals according to merit.

Advancement in such a system is based on perceived intellectual talent measured through examination and or demonstrated achievement in the field where it is implemented. Both Plato and Aristotle advocated meritocracy. Plato in his The Republic, arguing that the most wise should rule, and hence the rulers should be philosopher queens. later try get 10% charge oh I have now eaten with my own dime despite its lack in quality we should not be erecting structures to feed people on a regular basis we should not be creating scheduled community free lunches for people to become reliant on every day of the week like when you learn the place you can find places to eat every day of the week so you get people that just spend all their money and then float around those places which you can also get lots of different groceries and stuff like that you're creating a problem by doing that instead use your heart use your mind i mean like this the solution is really simple if someone comes to you hungry wanting food give them food like why doesn't our government do that i mean if if i'm hungry and i want food and and and if it happens regularly if i'm coming in regularly asking for food then there's a problem and then we need to step in and say you know what's going on why can't you you know afford this food um you know we've helped you out a lot and we'll keep doing it um but we just want to get you on the right track and to be honest all this would be way cheaper and uh than than the way they do it now because every single person would have to go in there and maybe give them like you know frozen lunches and maybe some canned stuff and and stuff like that like give them real basics um that they can take away not eat in there because then you create another problem because you got a lot of people that that don't want to spend money and usually they don't want to spend money a lot most of the time they don't want to spend money because they would spend all their money on drugs um so so that you got a lot of people that are like that that are coming together you're going to create problems it's a stupid idea you just need to give food to people when they need food and and then if it happens too often then you got to work with them to figure out what the problem is so they can fix it and then we wouldn't have to give food to them anymore once once we you know help them we should help people if we help people it'll be better for everybody in society would flourish it would flourish we just help people stop worrying about the dollar screw the dollar foul language and aggressive behavior in public is is ridiculous it's everywhere we gotta stop that's not good like so we're finding like tickets for you know speeding and we're upping those fines all the time all the time but but there's people that just say such horrible things like right in front of everybody and do such horrible things like and they don't do anything like like the the the cops aren't interested in that there's they have their own agenda. We got to stop. We got to fix that. We got to fix how we

treat each other in public and in private because in private we need to keep what happens in private in private because we can't be yelling and screaming as neighbors. That's not how neighbors get along. So we got to fix that. We're going to have problems. We're

We're not going to be able to make it as a species if we don't fix these problems. Let's test our equipment. Zoom mic on. I got a few honks.

Can you see that? He just hit the skateboard against that thing. I can see it with the camera. That's tripping troubles.

Can you see them very well? I'll see the displays later. I don't even think the zoom mic is on. I don't even think it turned off.

Oh man. That's a problem. Why are they doing this? Why are they doing like this?

And how can I use this footage? See these are the type of guys These are the type of guys that you know these girls like

Oh really awkward I'm shaking You can see it It's got my elbow I'm like I'm like this I'll get there. I'll take the light off. There we go. That's a little bit more comfortable.

Let's see what crazy stuff they do. They're people. And people always do crazy stuff. Especially at night.

And talking about jumping fences. And being all crappy. And being drunk. And, you know, I'm just doing that.

This is our public. And this, this, people, people like me are the people that are cops when I go after. See, this is on short flight. Let me check out the zoom mic.

I think it's working. Am I be working? I think it's working. I wonder if I feel to hear me anymore.

This is what it takes to get a bed. This is what it takes to pitch my tent somewhere. It's out of reach.

Hope you enjoyed the tour. Byron Bay, everybody, clap your hands. Stomp your feet. Make the government give us something good to eat and when they refuse, shoot your bow in their hearts.

The type of guys you girls will go for, that's what you want in a man, and that's what you want in a sidekick he's just standing by. She's a laser pointer. I don't know why I'm seeing that. It's a bit odd. It's not me.

Disappears there. It's something with the lens. It's pretty cool how I use it. This is how we show our lives. Matching it up is hard sometimes.

I don't see the shape very well in the camera but I can see it right off my eyes. This is pretty much the typical Aussie relationship. I hope you enjoy your tour of Australia. I've been giving it to you for some years now.

I still haven't worked out the wildlife. There's some beautiful wildlife, but man, there's some really ugly with some of those. There's only actually one species, to be honest. But everything else is really cool.

Where are they? See, it's really hard. Is it them? Yeah.

Aww, that's love. This is outback love, love in the outback, terrible, terrible, I could do it for practice but I don't want to practice, these guys are pretty terrible, I don't want to be like them. Guy Mike, Alex and Callum, suck, see I should never try, I shouldn't try on camera, I should only do it after a practice. Oop, it's so wet.

They're gonna like stop, you know, just... It's kind of funny because I was talking about this and then it happened. See, that's my life. I told you, I told you.

See, okay. Okay, they're in the dark. They should come in alive a bit so I can see there. Come on, come in Apollo.

So Vulcan can capture you. I think Vulcan's doing a good job. I just can't see Vulcan doing it very well. Bill! Bill!

so i stay away from crowds because this is how crowds in australia are so i'm always moving this is how australians move so you're running after the one that beats them up this is australian love this is how they love in australia

The memory card is about to run out. I hope you enjoyed your trip down under with Wendell. Ok so this is the time. We can't get it focused because I turned the focus far away.

So now let's get it focused. This is the time. This is the battery after all that time. This is the SD card that we're going to use if they come back to finish the story.

I can hear them, but they're far away. You can hear them too, even from far away, but I've got to copy the data now from this camera here, and then I'll put it into here, and then I'll put it onto my SD card. I would put it onto the USB drive, but I would put it straight onto the USB drive, but I I don't have time. I want to continue to use what I got. I like doing this two gig thing.

It means I don't have too much at one time, but that's there just in case.

If I were Prime Minister, first I would fire the Chief Minister, followed by the entire Police Department at the Canberra CBD, and lists more, as well as putting an official request for the same to be done for the augusta georgia department and then i would scout around australia for the most honorable and trustworthy cops and i would put them in the positions that they deserve to be and i would use all three of those examples uh to to keep all of the police departments in line because you know it's really easy just to fire an entire staff that uh doesn't work and just replace them with you know a good staff like you know a government a good government oh it died that means my upload oh why did it die ah okay remember i just bought this there's not another one like this

Thank you guys so much.

They're coming.

They're always in three parts.

This is your collective people.

You guys are so stupid, right, really, you're like really stupid. By the meaning of the word. People naturally walk towards the light, so if you can't see, like if you can't see they're on the screen I'm sure if I look back I see them and they come back and they'll stop and they'll do stupid stuff. Is there one down there? Is there one down there?

That's where you take care of business.

See how much they respected the guy that was trying to sleep? This is the respect that Australians show everybody. This is not like a coincidence, this is not like a one off, I mean this is like Australian life. Welcome to Australia, giving you the tour, giving you the tour of the real Australia, the one that the media doesn't show you, because they're the ones creating people like that. They know what they're doing. It's about the money. Good night. Let's cook it

up. Always got to go back to the beginning until we get it right. Today I accomplished absolutely nothing. But I think when I come back to produce what I have done, how much I accomplished today. I share the love.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-18-Mark-of-the-Beast

Okay, I unloaded my battery on this last night, so let's see how good it is. Will it even turn on? My whole battery just died because of this. It drained everything.

So it drains an entire battery that keeps the phone alive for like three days in a night. It turned off, but now it's too dead to even start up. There's the hardware that we get provided from by Dick Smith. Thank you, Dick Smith, for allowing me to record this and then release it to everybody.

I was trying to promote you in this, and I told you that when I walked in. And I told you that if it turned out bad for me, then it would get recorded on camera. And you laughed at me and said that you didn't care about stuff like that. So here's for not caring.

Cheers. thank you Australia and America for always doing the wrong thing it enables me to destroy you let freedom ring I've been charging for about an hour of it and I tried to charge it in the bathroom too with the PowerPoint there and the same thing but as you can see this is the business practices of Australia and and if you do not ascribe to them then you will not get a job and then they will make you feel like a drop kick because of that and this will push you into homelessness and starvation where is the power going it is being sucked from the source at a rapid rate and then transferred into the tablet of time but it receives nothing from it how do I get the power that's always the question the power to help the power to change things the power to not follow orders the power to do what I know is right despite what everybody tells me. The power to tell cops to fuck off and go chase real crime. The power to not obey structures that I have proven to be felicious. The power to not nod my head when evil is being

forced upon me. The power to destroy those who force it upon me and everybody else in their existence. Still doing it. And I got videos on here. Remember I didn't transfer them last night.

Sucks. Download stopped. I didn't do that. It just stopped. Oh, it must have crashed without me

realizing. Crap. Always. I don't have my server up. I can't do FTP yet. It's gonna take ages. I'm gonna have to

load it again because some reason I couldn't put it in the cache. It's not like I'm actually using multitasking or anything. This is a scare. I can't keep anything on this. Time to take the

last of our medicine. I will never abide by your laws because they produced what we have today and I understand all too well how things build off each other and you created this. So by you I mean the elites. So why would I follow the elites who don't have the people's interest in mind but only their own I'm not gonna do that I got something called a soul and I gotta look after that and by conforming to your laws that's not caring for the soul I am a free man on the land in all rights and I do not have to abide by your laws and if you want to oppress me and say that I do and do your worst do your worst this is war and we're gonna see the outcome of the war I'll be a prisoner of your war I already am and over the last three years I have proven it remember this remember this

we'll get a better solution I am about to make this process extremely easy for you but there's only one catch it requires character you just need to learn how to begin and end your scenes you just need to roll with your scenes and allow whatever happens to happen if you mess up just do it again and if you mess up after something important has happened then you need to figure out how to finish the scene quickly so that you don't look stupid and if you say something wrong you will have to learn how it was right and after you perform the scene and watch it if you think that you can do it better then do it don't Don't split scenes because that will cause an order problem with the method that we are about to use. Record and delete on the fly except during big adventures. Some footage will require closer examination during the producing stage. edit videos on the fly with your finger record record record record see how we can do that we got lots of videos now and if we don't like them then we can always delete them but we don't we can't divide them we can't edit them so just edit on the fly with your finger always find your places of comfort if you miss something that is okay you can always modify your production while you're doing it i did not use this method for this entire production so the beginning you might get a few points where you see me making a fool of myself but that's okay because that's who i am and it really takes a lot to get a lot of these scenes so sometimes they mess up and to be honest if if yours does that um you gotta you gotta suck it up and and release that as who you are and what happened and you have just changed your situation by knowing that every video that is created that you want the footage from will be released. This is

how you make an uncut version of life. If you accidentally delete a video then you must figure out a way to eventually include that material into your future your productions and if it doesn't make sense you will always know and there will be a secret behind the production that only people like me will be able to understand. Keep an eye out for your environment to tell those stories again. They ripple.

That's a lot of money. Let me give you an example. In Penn State High School it would result in an additional $12.6 million over 6 years. It's all bullshit.

And when those events unfold Less than half the time So if I hear any hypocrisy from the Liberal National Party on who's investing what in the Bruce Highway You need to know these facts Who's the cancer? Be ready to perform One Two Thank you We'll find out We'll find out what the here's how we'll find it here's how we learn how to end scenes

you deserve it dude and i haven't even seen your skills and i will knight him sir shaw for what he gave me unconsciously to give you braver still waking me up what i say about my stuff You know it's coming, now, don't you? Everybody knows. D? No. Step away. D? Just put it down. It's not a toy. Maybe this is a bad idea. That's right. Who are you? Mr. Bowie. Mr. Max. What a sense teacher. Just put it down. And you need to be with. Playing with the big boys now, is it? Yeah? Got a secret ops mission for you. What's it up?

First hand, they're digging with the debtors. You want me to spy on people? Undercover recon. It's got a much nicer beltway.

Like, you think?

I think we're storing good problems with the public conference, man. You know, there is a pervading aggression and end atmosphere of lawlessness.

Sir, it's served.

Vivid ruby. Vivacious. Clear and lucent.

Sweet spice. Vanilla. Soft at times.

Easy. Peter Sellers, wine, is a state of mind.

We'll make it.

Thank you, Your Honor. I just spoke with someone who was involved building the new Parliament House.

And he told me many disgusting things. Only one, which I will repeat. Because we need to question our foundations. while being built materials went in was classified as defective and then went out the back door disappeared lots and lots and lots and lots and lots and lots and lots and lots tell everything don't hold back fold it in on itself we'll get to green pastures on the boat. We just have to kill this guy. We just have to check our references.

of crocodiles, this I saw myself, and I found, can say, it works produced by the Hellenes,

thence to this labyrinth, at Ephesus and that at Samos are, they have known, and it's also work greater than words can say, or to many works of the Hellenes, Cropaces even the pyramids, both courts covered in, with gates facing one another, six upon the north side and six upon From the south, joining on one to another, and the same wall surrounds them all outside. There are in it two kinds of, three thousand in number, of fifteen hundred, the upper set, chambers we ourselves saw, going through them, eyes.

Egyptians who had charge of them were, saying that here were the, sepulchres of the kings who had first built this labyrinth and of the, sacred crocodiles. Accordingly we speak of the chambers below by what we, received from hearsay, while those above we saw ourselves and found them. The beworks of more than human greatness were the passages through the chambers, and the gains this way and that way through the courts, where from marvel, as we went, the chambers beyond it, and from the chambers, the colonnades, and from the colonnades to other rooms, and then from the chambers again to other courts. The whole of these is a roof made of stone like the walls. The walls are covered with figures carved upon them, caught being

surrounded with pillars of white stone, fitted together most perfectly, end of the labyrinth, by, there is a pyramid of 40 fathoms, on which large, figures are carved, and to this there is a way made underground, 149, 149, such is this labyrinth, but a cause removal even greater than, this is afforded by the lake, which is called the lake of Moiris, along, the side of which the Slaverynth is built. The measure of its circuit is 3,600 furlongs, 131, being 60 scoiners, and this is the same number of furlongs as the extent of Egypt itself, see. The lake lies extended lengthwise from north to south, and in depth. Where it is deepest it is 50 fathoms that this lake is artificial, and formed by digging is self-evident, or About in the middle of the lake stand two pyramids, each rising above the water to a height of fifty fathoms, the part which is built below the water being of just the same height, and upon each is placed a colossal statue of stone sitting upon a chair.

Thus the pyramids are a hundred fathoms high along of six hundred feet, it is six feet or four cubits, the feet being four palms, and the cubits six. Water in the lake does not come from the place where it is For the patient in water, Nile by canal And for six months The water flows into the lake And for six months out into the Nile Again And whenever it flows out Then for the six months it brings A land of silver a day from the fish Which are 132 when the water comes in But after three cables And three days of charging We will find the power Get ready for this we now begin our first and final cut cut this to the next one okay I screwed up here and I'll show you what I mean is right there and what happened was my phone went off and it was my support Aaron making sure that I haven't killed myself or any psychiatric staff so that would have been meaningful to the scene I was doing but you know I ended it on something that came to mind really quickly right when the phone went off because I was trying you know you know how you get like something something you know makes noise or whatever you want to quickly take care of it and I got to train myself out of that that's not good I shouldn't even um I should just look around you know okay what's happening what's happening you know they can call back like if I miss it or whatever you know that's but I go panic you know I'm have the camera and I panic and I panicked so so then I ended the scene when it could have been a very meaningful scene and I'll show you listen carefully and then kill there you have it i should have done something different but it was still good so and it may and i wouldn't have done this then if that didn't happen so i still did it i always do it i am already a more established politician than any politician in the world what do you think is going to happen world what do you think is about to happen what do you think always turn our sufferings here is number two okay that's okay see on big adventures you can't necessarily get rid of this really quickly so if we can't figure out solutions to the force with our environment within our environment instead be in it's problem then we're gonna have some big problems though because I'm not gonna tolerate that a letter to the ministers of Australia the ACT this is how I act every system blah blah blah no so a lot of these aren't good anymore okay and another one out of office all right and then someone I know someone I know and someone I know and someone I know okay so out of all these people right here that's that's it you know I just gave my heart and everything and explained how we can do it all and sent it to all of the ministers and and all of our educational structures that I have access to and I don't get a single reply from anybody about it, there's a big problem there. Not to mention all my family and friends who I have managed to keep in contact with over the years. And those who did reply, there was only one person who actually watched it.

Children start doing this with everything in their life and they're posting it online without their parents knowing. Then those parents will be required to straighten up I have found the problem with the entire world and you are looking at we will do we have loaded all of our weapons and tomorrow we will both set off and flee from their explosion we have loaded all of our weapons this is how you act on the stage of life my dear this is how you are on the stage of life my dear okay so button that's the way you finish delete that and then we go here and we go add and we go to one and desktop the one control a open wait for it we watch numbers we always watch numbers lots of number watching crunching crunching numbers in our head all the time okay so we didn't go into settings here we change this to h.264 we go to high quality here hi hi and we go to video size and we'll do 720 by 576 and then we'll do a 2000 bit rate and then we'll do a frame rate of 25 frames per second so we dropped the bit rate to our to the minimum because that is perfect for what we're doing is perfect it really is so we just change this to high and I will change all the settings for us except except the the channels will make that stereo so we now got that's what we got and then we go okay and then we can just put it straight to the desktop but and then we merge into one file so we do that and then we have the episode ready to release um just to upload and then release it just like that so we've just done it without any video editing software um and we've done it quite well and of course there was like a few points that i could have edited in there but to be honest i think it's so much cooler having like a few little tiny stuff ups because you know i'm human and i do make mistakes every once in a while um so instead of you know patching up those tiny mistakes it shows it shows who I am it shows it shows that I'm just like all of you so now I'm gonna take this in to the camp kitchen and that closes at 10 so I got a little bit of charging until then because I can just keep doing this to all the videos so yay we're at the production process now how can i have zero views and one like that's confusing i have never produced faster or with more precision weapon x weapon x where is it see now i'm never going to have problems spelling it again because it's going to follow me around again and again and i don't know how to spell it all the time yeah that's what we got so we'll cut it and then we'll put it over here let's see we'll get this thing so it's micro sds you need to use we'll cut back to it there's something going on in canberra there's something going on here all this crap everything that you see i've open source canberra that i did it for a reason there's something going on everything they're building here even the numbers they're all significant and i'm not sure what they're doing but like even even that eye that you see around everywhere that's very significant there's something going on and it's big and and you can see like when someone tries to uh tries to unravel it tries to figure out the equation tries to solve the issues uh this is what happens to them so there's something very very very deep going on that controls a lot of people and when i say that you know um people don't know they're being controlled and i can i control a lot of people but people don't know it's just uh because once you understand how people think you can use the liminal messages uh which i use liminal messages all the time mostly to help you learn um but i found out apparently that's illegal but i don't care i'll keep doing it um that's stupid uh like if you just look at why i'm using it uh then you can see but there's something really really odd something really really strange going on and nice nice good job this is what cities looks like i'm not sure where that other place had the last bit see what i mean the worst thing about producing my stuff is that i already know what is going to happen I have a correction to make I've been saying that I moved to Australia when I was 13 but I actually moved when I was 14 I think one time I did the math wrong and that stuck in my head I still want those sounds and I can't cut it so you get do it again yeah okay so I have two converting and I have three done here ready to convert all good and then I have four here also ready to convert so in one note I've just produced four episodes I wonder how long it's gonna take this guy's gonna say this is the most productive I've ever been this is crazy this is awesome so easy I still on page one thing that I'm saying is right the rich this is what your dollar bill does to you but you society are too stupid to see it. Corruption.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-19-Open-Source-Republic

Today, we will learn how to tie up loose ends.

Last night, the devil visited me.

But it is okay because I have already won.

This is our final wake-up.

It's been charging since 7 o'clock this morning.

That thing only matters because I am behind schedule. You're going to work real time. We're both going to work real time. I've worked it out.

I'm showing you how. Do the same exact thing. Just upload it to the internet. your SD card so what you need to do is you need to get two or three SD cards the micro SD between two and four gigs really cheap extremely cheap and make sure you have a spare too that you can swap just in case you go on a big adventure but then every single day that that you do the journey because the journeys are pretty much day long then all you got to do is sync that SD card the folder with all the video files sync that to to the cloud and then you can do the exact same thing that I'm doing on the cloud I'm not doing that because I got too big of video files but now I'm recording in short play so they're a lot follower yeah fixed it all it's gone I keep saying I'm recording in short play but that's inaccurate I'm recording a long play which is even better and it's still perfect for what I need I'll check out the bit right and you'll see it later I'm gonna turn out too much power we'll get to it it'll come I found it on my SD card don't get one of these the only reason I have these is because I got lots of data throughout many years that I've lived. They take out too much power and they don't work properly

on things like this. If you just use solid state dish, you'll be fine. Eventually I'll get rid of this. Once I know I've got all the footage that I need, I'll be deleting a lot. Once I upload it to the cloud, I've got to upload all my stuff to the cloud.

And now it is time to get the shots that we need. We need better lighting. I'm not going to tell you how career related sports function but just think about it and then question whether it's ethical or not so all you have to do is turn off your phone plug your SD card and turn it back on and voila look at the advertising what do modern day athletes give to society these are our heroes yay what do I give to society these are our outcasts yay long play but even when our resources expand we will avoid video editing software until there is an open-source solution that is stable ever since I came to Australia when I meet the majority of Australians they instantly relate my name with Wendell Saylor and then most of them proceed to tell me without even knowing me that I'll never match up to be the man he is was never was I am proud to be the first politician that says fuck you to its people go to hell I don't care about any of you adults I only care about your children there are the ones with hope you have no hope you are dead skin you deserve to go in here it's time to rise and now we wait for the power if you think that I actually think that I'm gonna get voted in and you have some problems I'm just doing the same thing i did with everything else to expose the truth and you're about to see how hard it is for people like me to become a politician even though our entire my entire work my entire life everything is is about that so it's it'll be funny it'll be hilarious it'll be hilarious how stupid How could you guys react? Ha ha ha ha ha.

Oh yum, so good. So good. That's the car we want. Hardtop Suzuki Sierra, 1.3 liters.

Probably cost us like $3,000, but yeah, that's not accessible to me. And every once in a while, a business will treat us with love. And even though we don't like strawberries, We will advertise the best hearts in the world. There you go, these cool colors.

So good, let's do this instead. Welcome to the Northern Rivers, this is what you get. If I had a sniper, I could kill all of you really easily. Her and her whole business was lovely, and she really liked what I was doing, but she doesn't know the secret.

You do, you do know. all do if you're watching it it's the unstable server of society to convey our message six six worry about a carbon tax we got lots of money because the elites can get as much money as they want anytime they want merely by having a truck parts at the back of the new parliament house. I'm not saying anything. I'm just talking just for the sake of talking. I don't understand anything. Six, six, six. Look at the day. Look

at my past stories. On the care issues facing the strike in this election year. This week we're looking at care in our communities. Is it care? I've been spending the last three years trying to find that out.

This is a care.

I need to take your rights away.

for governments and individuals have exceeded inflation prices to 9.3% of GDP over 200 years ago. And it puts Australia at the OECD average for a lot of the United States, which spends 17.7% of GDP over 200, and the UK, which outweighs 9.4%. According to the way that institute healthcare prices inflation is only a sore factor in the growing national health care bill, One or two-thirds of the rise is due to people getting more expensive tests and more medication, more legally. Some analysts ask, at what point do they refrain on the nation's finances?

Some suggest the government needs to either bring in health spending by pulling back efficiency savings and better discounts on medical goods, or boost the national income to pay for the nation's increasing pursuit of their health care. because of course we need health care that oppresses people we need to pay the money in order to keep the elites in control we don't understand the words we used we call it care but we don't care about people when they come in with problems because we're concerned about what's in there I'm on disability and I I asked Centerlink about disability care and they couldn't really explain it to me. And basically I want help getting a job because I can't get a job in the society that you have given me because I'm too odd. So that's all I want help doing.

Really starting my own business so I don't have to get a job with you people. That's, like, why can't you help someone who's very talented start their own business? They're on disability. See, all you're doing is giving them money, and you're not helping me, like, you know, not take money from the government anymore.

Like, there's some big problems there. And we don't even know what it is, and we can't even, like, should I be on disability care? I don't know. I don't even know what it is.

I don't think really we're just we're just chucking money into it because the structures look good if we say we're helping you know this group and this group in this group then we get the minorities and that's the way it works then we can spend money on PR yay

here is your crown society first find land that is rich in resources Then take that land by force from the local inhabitants, either kill them or force them to live the way that we do. And if they refuse, we will inflict lives of suffering upon them. And over time, their bodies, minds, and spirits will deteriorate. And then, eventually, they will be no longer able to sustain the land themselves.

And it is at this point that we can feel secure in ourselves for claiming ownership of it. This is your heart. This is the trees that you cut down.

It is the same story throughout Western society. It is a different story in Eastern society, but with the same foundational faults. The core of the fault line is greed, selfishness, exploitation of individuals who live differently than we do.

And when our interest is valued above their lives, then we are enabled to do horrible things to them.

This is everything I own. oh well it doesn't matter it's just audio do this for everything force your public OSR my voice is my vote give up their seats you're like oh I guess labor will be okay you know I'm fighting for this but but I'll just give it to someone who I don't agree with their policies that's real smart such idiots. That's half of the equation. One letter for the receipt and one letter for the license.

I'm looked after one. Art Society. Let's do a triple X on it. How do I get those likes when no one looks at it?

I'm running the race. Now watch them reject me because I will not conform to how they want me to do it. It's time to continue where we left off. No picture, yeah.

It's going really fast. We always come back. That's what we want. Our politics are so stupid, so childish.

Let children run the country and then you'll see good structures. Let's start. Nope. Never any replies.

Let's go forward this time. From the other camera, you can see by the dates. You see the dates. So now what we got to do is we got to rename those to fit into those because it's going to convert and we got it in their different file format so we got to make sure that works out fine.

So that's on that episode. Keep doing it. See how easy that is? So we'll do, I'm not sure about that one it says 534pm and it's that.

So I'm not too sure about that one, because all these are consecutive, you see they're all next to each other, and then all the way up to 5, but why on earth would that, I'll figure it out. But what I'll do, so we see, where is it, so we see this jump here, so from a.m. to p.m., so what we want to do, we'll take this number, so the, should we take this number you want to be after I think that's right so control C to copy it and then we'll go to this one and control V and put it in front don't replace it put it in front control V and then you can just go like that a dash there so I gotta do that with every single one see that only took us a few minutes and it starts from there and then we just go down there and there. So I've already watched the other videos so now I just gotta watch the in-between bits and make sure it all lines up properly. I knew there was

something missing like I didn't make a note to myself. I usually do when I change cameras but I was like there's something missing here it's not right and then I ate a cookie and I was like you know I knew I got it for free I was like I would have recorded that so I knew there's there was something wrong so that's how I found it and that's that's really how you're gonna find it especially if you don't make a note to yourself so I'll continue with it this is fun so easy even a child could do it see if we can get it better yeah see when you're walking around and stuff like that like autofocus sucks if you just put on scenery um like so that's scenery and you can still see me see like it might not be perfect to be honest like it's so much better it's so much better let's see if i can get the whole place i'm glad i got the light on turn that that was because of my face turn all the lights off these ones at least there will be technicalities that will try and stop me from running the race but I'm running it whether you officially include me on that ballot or not but it will be really funny when I'm not because all of the work that I've done the last three years isn't going anywhere and what do you think I did the work for just look at the work and then determine what I said in that work and what I said I would do and then what I'm doing now and you'll find out that it's the exact same thing. So if you don't include me in the election, Australia, I'll burn you. And then when they grow up, they will burn you. Let's talk about

our health. Let's talk about our health care systems. Let's talk about hospitals. Let's talk what they do to people who they don't understand or care to understand let's talk about care let's talk about particularity let's talk about pain and suffering and we'll use an example here just so you can get some thoughts in your head about our current health care system so someone screws up let's say They get a wire stuck in their penis and their bladder going all the way through their penis and it's extremely painful and then they call the ambulance and the people they call laugh at them for it and then when they pick the patient up they all laugh at them for it and then they take them to the hospital which they then make them wait for 12 plus hours with a wire stuck in their penis without any painkillers or lubrication to help or any other types of assistance and then they take you into the operating room and they do what they need to do. But then when you get out, there's this huge thing in your penis that

is very, very, very painful. Because of you waiting 12 hours to get it seen, it did damage. so then the patient goes crazy because they got this big tube that they stuck in in the penis that stretches out where the damage was done and constant pain that's not bearable no matter what drugs you put someone on that area is very sensitive uh and it and then because they go crazy then they they then put them under a psychiatric treatment order which when that which then they take all their rights away and they don't listen to what they say they ignore the words that come out of their mouth and and they treat them less than human they give them a person that watches over them to make sure I don't know what to make sure of because this person is the same individual at least able to control themselves in all respects and this causes then the person no longer to be able to make their own decisions and they refuse drugs and they and then they force those drugs upon you and like bad drugs and they make you feel horrible but they don't care and they don't care about your experience with those drugs or those types of drugs they'll just put you on them and when you refuse it they'll give you the needle to do it and they'll chase you around a hospital with a whole bunch of guys following you wardsmen trying to end up tackling you to the ground and then carrying you away And after they inject you with heaps of drugs, so you're then out. But then you wake up still with that thing in your penis and you go crazy again.

So this keeps on happening every time this guy wakes up with this thing in their penis. He's going crazy. So we should continue to take their rights away and oppress them more. even though they're complaining about the oppression that they're dealing out to them.

And this is the kind of ways that our systems are set up. So someone makes a mistake and is embarrassed about that mistake, and this is how it turns, well, what it turns into. And the whole thing is that this is only one situation, and no one cared. And the thing is, I couldn't smoke then.

So you got this guy who's addicted to cigarettes, and then we're going to take the ability away from them to smoke. And that's what, what do you think psychiatric wards do now? They just, like over the past few years all around Australia, they've been making you can't smoke in psychiatric wards, which is stupid because these people use, most people in psychiatric wards smoke because they use that nicotine to cope with their problems in their head. to get their mind off of their problems really or to calm their problems and they're taking that ability away I mean what are they creating and then they say you know you should be on this drugs and this drugs and it's like you know I didn't come in here for that or anything so so here there's a mistake that's being made and and it causes them to then then incarcerate the person and then treat the person less than human and the thing is this is just one one example that we're throwing out there and if you if you're smart and if you know some of my past work then you'll work it out what and I mean it's very obvious but but the whole thing is is that this happens all the time it's not just me it's not just one person it's it's a lot of people but there's a lot of people are our minorities and they're all they're not they're spread out so the people that think differently ended up you end up getting treated like this in our hospitals and to be honest this these it's these hospitals that uh there's some lights um but to be honest it's these hospitals that that uh not these hospitals these these particular cases that can help these hospitals actually become good hospitals um because you know you had bad experiences how you know how can we fix it um but the thing is they don't listen and you know all those complaint forms they're all bullshit um they don't care about those they ignore you know i've submitted so many of those i've never received a single reply from any of them or like no one ever talked to me about no one talks they're like there's no real conversation you know if there's a problem um then they the doctors they're the ones that know everything because you know they went to school for 10 years you know i've been studying my entire life um and been very very capable of studying at at levels that that most of you out there can't even do from the ages of three to six you know like uh so so what are you talking about like these doctors that study for 10 years to get their their degree that say they know people better than people know themselves if we just start listening to people uh then we can tune our systems around those people instead of saying you know it's like this um because that's oppression when we say it's like this then that's oppression um and that's what the doctors do the doctors uh have so much power you know that pen can do anything anything at all uh to you and they do and they they they treat people terribly and they treat the nurses terribly and they treat the staff terribly because and they got their nose like this you know do i have any boogers up here i don't know i'll see later um but but it's really terrible it's really like our hospitals are really terrible um you know our technology's enabling us to be able to accommodate for immediate problems very very well but uh and and and ultimately that makes us live longer because because we don't die off so quickly um because we can take care of those immediate problems uh i don't know what's happening over there something uh but but at the end of the day we're not we're not improving the quality of life and and if we're only like helping people survive to be to to live to live longer but but still terrible lives then we're not doing anything good uh so we really we need to question the authority of doctors and you know there's so many different you know uh elements that have been you know thought up by people hey let's let's uh create, let's create a disease, or let's, you know, what are we talking about? We all got a

human condition to work with, and there's biological problems with that, and there's psychological problems with that, but when we label things, then we lose sight of the individual that's standing in front of us, so instead of having a person, you know, instead of having John, um we have patient a and and that's not cool that's not cool because then we can treat them like you treat me then we can take away their rights then we can incarcerate them then we can can force needles upon them even though they're they're kind and caring people uh so it because they think differently than what the doctor thinks should be correct, that gives them the right to then take over your life, do anything they want with it. And you know what, it's been so hard for me to be able to do what I'm doing now because the Australian government said no and I said this is me, this is my psychology, kill me. And, you know, it's so sad because I went to Canberra to get involved within politics because I wanted to help. And I spent the whole time there trying to find people to help me create a party.

I didn't care if they want to be a part of the party, but to have those facilities. Why is it so hard for someone to be in an independent party, to create an independent party? How come I can spend, you know, almost a year and a half there? before this production is done we're going to find out exactly how long I spent there but how can they allow someone to be there screaming and hollering saying let me create an open source republic here's the foundations let's do it and then just pretty much laughing at them this is our government so now we got this production I'm not saying this particular episode But I'm saying, this entire independence year for kids, that is the open source republic and this is establishing all of the foundations.

And to be honest, we should be working off thoughts, not we're going to do it this way or we're going to do it this way. I mean, our systems are screwing us up. They're really, really screwing us up. and if we can't and to be honest and and here's another reason why I'll never get voted in because we need to abolish them we need to destroy them and then we need to create better ones or we need to create better ones and then destroy them but we don't need to face it out we need to cut it we need to cut it and that's not gonna happen but because what's gonna happen if you do that then there's people are gonna get confused and people are gonna suffer and the economy is going to go down for a few years at least um and i mean there's if to fix anything you got to go down before you go up and to fix anything is going to there's going to be some chaos before you gain that order um but right now we got complete chaos because all of you are idiots uh so we need to figure out how to fix this um which i know you're not going to and it'll be funny because it's all documented and it'll stay around for a very very long time for the rest of our human civilization or at least I'm going to spend the rest of what life I have left to make sure of that and this is all you know time dated references and because there's something big happening and and it's I picked up on it way before anybody else did and and I predicted all of these events that have happened and I keep predicting events that happen and then I predict more events that happen and it's all gonna happen so and it ultimately is just going to to reflect really really poorly on Australia and Australians aren't really you know keen on me but a lot because I'm American Australians don't really like Americans but and am I but I go to America and I'm not really American but at least there's a lot more people that like me but But to be honest, I don't really like them.

So, I mean, I'm screwed anywhere I go. But at the end of the day, I'm going to end up. See, I know what's going to happen. I already know what's going to happen.

And I feel like telling you, but I can't. I can't because I got plans. And I'm going to screw you around. I'm going to screw you around for everything you are because I know what you're going to do.

I know everything. so let's have fun with you and fuck you over Australia because that's what I'm going to do because I've lived here for more than half my life the adult stage of it through teens and this is how you treat me the entire time there's something wrong so I'm just going to rub your face in your own feces and that's how we change the world that is how we change the world this is it ivory he's screaming for you to take it out he's screaming he's screaming he's running around saying he'll take it out himself he's really in pain he really needs to take it out really needs to take it out knows that he's gonna heal fast no it's gonna be fine if they just take it out but no no that's not the way the policies and procedures work you can't do that just take it out take it out no no three days three days he every single time he wakes up we'll just drug him again um after he when he's trying to run away and screaming and hollering you know we'll just keep him drugged you know three days three days we'll just uh inject him every time he wakes up and goes crazy um that's what we'll do that's what we'll do and and then after those three days they said they're going to keep it in for two weeks two weeks two weeks and and then you know after these three days they just said you know we keep doing this we keep that making this person a vegetable um i guess we should take it out and then they took it out and it was like you know i'm good i'm there was no like seriously and they thought it was because i was crazy when i just kept saying you know it's because this is in here and you know i waited over 12 hours in the waiting room without any assistance here and i mean that's that's bad damage that's bad and and that's very painful very painful very painful and you do that like seriously fuck you fuck you hospitals because those who have terrible experiences are the best people to help in that field but you're not gonna listen because you're an idiot you're an idiot ah you're australian G'day mate, this is how we love, let's kill each other.

Let's oppress our minorities.

And when I did that, I was completely in my right mind, which is one of the points that they fought against. I made a mistake. I don't have anybody in my life. I don't have any, you know, sexual inclination towards any of the females around here, and, you know, I'm a male trying to please myself, you know, I want to try stuff, you know, like, try ways to please myself without anybody else, but wait, wait, wait, wait, we can't listen to that because we're sexual beings, you know, in Australia, we're lying to fuck each other, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck.

that's what we do in australia and and if you're one of those solo people who are actually looking for someone special then you know what we're gonna fuck you over on countless occasions i tried to make my private records public but they refused on countless occasions i tried to review my records but they refused on countless occasions i tried to get second opinions but they refused in addition the complaint forms are useless they have like less than two pages to write about your experience and not only that you have to conform to you know that complaint form in order to make a complaint so if you want to make a video or something like that you know a better way to communicate what you're talking about then that's not a possibility. I spent my whole time in Canberra trying to learn how to make a significant complaint against the mental health board and I got laughed at. Good job Australia, good job Canberra, good job Australian government. I'm gonna wide the floor with you because that's all you're good for but that's how I'm psychologically so the last bit of it. Awesome. Do do do do do do do do do. Oh wait can I do it? Uh huh. I had to face it.

Okay note this um what happens is you forget what you did and then you get depressed and and kind get and you put it all into your productions because you you think it's all hopeless but then but then when you're producing it and you go back on hit if you feel like so you did you go like I'm not even there yet but I like I heard it I heard it I got this thing right here this uh this one right here and I heard it and I know it's coming oh like the music in the background listen to it. Oh, beautiful. Oh, I was set in the scene and I did say, well, I can't wait for this. When you get depressed, just do, just, Wendell, Wendell, when you get depressed, just watch your work. You'll love it. It'll make you experience every emotion

that you like. Remember that your work is set up to save your own psychology. The girl's bonus. Dear Ivory, I romance myself through you because you're not here. I've known a lot of

people who have committed suicide. Oh my goodness, Wendell. You know how I cartoon by zooming in and out of different things like images and pages and stuff like that? Yeah, eventually I'll be able to do that with my videos, so I just gotta wait for the technology. It's all fixed. Good

If you're trying to capture text and you have the time to change it from long play to high quality, then do that. January 8th, 2003. Cross tattooed upon my back. Check. Moving to Australia. Check. Got to LA. Had a passport that was going to expire in three months.

Cannot travel on a passport that's about to expire within three months got stuck in L.A. Jenna my ex-wife went back to Australia and I stayed in L.A. in a terrible hotel and and I think January 8th was the day that I moved but I burnt all my documentation so I don't know but it's if it's not January the 8th it's probably within a few days of that. A huge, dry lightning storm struck in multiple places across the ACT, sparking a large number of fires.

Alright, I got one more. I got one more. Let's fly. Where is it?

Let's get bad passed. Here's eight.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-20-Open-Source-University

didn't update anything just hounding me you're all gonna burn in hell now let's lay the framework for a real education system from the day you watch this you are enrolled in the undergraduate program at open source university yeah line it up right you don't want to fault we move our bodies to position ourselves in a better location. You have three years, three months, three weeks, three days, and 33 seconds to complete your degree. No exceptions. During this time you must study your most passionate subjects, but you are required to follow those subjects through to the very end even in the topics that you are uncomfortable with that relate from it during this time you must create meaning that the world has never before seen and when you're ready create three online courses that outline your message. Bind them tightly because they are your

foundations. Get on your knees and remove any hair that does not belong. Figure out how to get the shot. Figure out how to do it while getting the shot.

They rarely break but if they do it'll be fine. After you complete your first course contact this guy doing so before will likely lead you to results that are not desired afterwards once you finish all three courses contact these guys do not request anything from them merely tell them what you have done and what you are about to do tell them about the hat trick that you are about to perform and do not forget that after your first course I will help you with the other five but be careful not to fly too close to the Sun or the wax will melt and your wings will shed and after this we will go places that we're not supposed to establish your foundations in your courses be careful because these are going to follow through with everything else you do this is the building blocks this is your Legos tell everybody what you are about to do be as controversial as you need to be and do not worry because people will not understand you Afterwards, follow the labyrinth and create three movies with more meaning than any other productions in our human existence. Be careful for its core. For an example, look how I handled the core. The core is tricky.

Divide your problems. Organize them into three of roughly equal proportions. Make sure you get it right. It'll follow you around and then learn how to plait. And when you get close to the end of the

hair and it begins to slip, tie it off with the color of your heart. And after your third movie, you will understand everything that I have said because you will be brilliant and understand very clearly how to educate yourself on every topic and you will realize that you have the rest of your life to do whatever you want with because this, this, or this will no longer be a limitation to you.

There's a guy I was trying to capture just a second ago. Episode right after I poured my heart out to you,

staff came out, kicked me out, and permanently banned me.

That's my heart. That's my life. twice because first our camera was too low on batteries if you've ever been back for that one second I misplaced that but mistakes will enable us to change in the coming climates for the coming climate in the coming climate I thought I said it wrong by saying in but then I thought about it very carefully and you don't make mistakes. The mistakes you make turn out to be right if you just look at it right. Because after we have consulted Solomon Kahl

we will know what to do. This is how you walk the road of life. Ouch, ouch, stomach, ouch, ouch, ouch. And even though transcoding theory into practice is the most difficult part of this journey by this time you will know how to do it in addition it's also the most fun yeah that's what happens when you're looking at videos while you walk it big hole oh because when you figure out one thing for sure you will figure out all things there's a lot of these in this planet we are fishers of men and men is man or woman men is to think men to think we are men but we are men of God I used to have two miniature ones of these one of them was mine her Her name was Jellybean. She was a beautiful dog.

When I was either 12 or 13, I woke up and she was dead, stiff on the ground. It was really hard for me. I really loved her. I still love her.

We are angels and we can prove it. We have proven it. We prove it every day. We will continue to prove it.

And those who treat us terribly will pay both in this life and the next. There's your Ten Commandments. Because when you have completed three of the world's best television shows done by yourself, you will be free. Dear Venus, and we'll always be your servant.

And it will be funny because no one will realize you have done until a significant time after. But at this point, there is nothing that anyone at all in this world can do about it. Do not feel sorry for them, no matter how good they appear.

They made the bed that they lie in. I just keep doing this forever. It doesn't matter where I look just open your eyes world idiots oh never never take chick chick chick chick chick chick chick chick chick chick it's coming coming FYI ten minutes of charging on cameras like this on handy cams like this usually get you like 45 plus minutes so it's worth it like you don't always have to charge to the full use your resources wisely they It can be used in a lot of ways. Like this.

Three minutes left on camera. We'll charge it right after. We just watched what we did. Let's go.

This server's terrible. Thank you, Julian. You deserve this. Again?

Seriously? Terrible. So there's no way to like, you know, call up these guys or anything like that? Oh, what are we doing?

stupid. Am I the only person with a brain in this world? Am I the only person with a heart in this world?

Am I the only person with a body with two functioning feet in this world?

Why doesn't the government understand what good medicine is? Why do they not care? We need to aim, but I am getting out our pointer and dropped on. Loaded!

BANG! Dear Venus, please give me this server and make it run well, and I will make many things of it in your name. Amen. all you have to do is reboot your phone put the sd card after you do your take when you go to bed put your eight gig is probably best so you know you have to do it after a big journey but eight gig will do fine take it out after you finish when you're going when you you're about to sleep put it in your phone and then cycle to the next one have three of these I have spent the last three years discovering a method of education that can make even someone who's not that bright into a brilliant person over time. And I have taken that theory of education

and implemented it into open source university. So that is my structure from the theory of Open Source Education. So my accreditation, Open Source University's accreditation, is here.

And I am the first Open Source University graduate. And I graduated from my thesis 1984, which any of you are welcome to challenge. And this is the way that Open Source Education will work. And this is my degree. Fear it. It's gonna come get you soon. Yeah. One take, baby.

At the end of this tattoo, Jason was supposed to put a chain from his neck to here. But he ran out of time tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick ding dong ding dong ding dong ding dong ding dong ding dong ding dong ding dong dear direct space did you refund me twice on something I was under the impression that I only got one refund all right so I'm just going to do that that was so easy like this is the way that I'm going to do business and I'm not even sure if it'll let me it's only small it'll be only tiny but we'll see we'll see what happens like that's the way I want to communicate with businesses it's that thing okay okay so it kicked me out when I did that and I'm gonna do it again because you kicked me out like yeah I don't want to be kicked out like it's only six mags like seriously my supports in Canberra they were nice and all but they never did anything to help me at all asked lots lots and lots and lots but I mean they'll talk and they'll meet up every week or whatever but they don't do anything so except like stuff that I don't care about they want to do they want to take care of stuff that I don't care about and but but the things that i do that i'm asking about they're not helping with like problems do you know all the free food services around are you eating well enough are you in a house besides being able to have constant power what benefit did living in that hellhole give me was i living better in the even when it was freezing.

They did not reply to my emails, so I emailed them more, which they didn't reply to those to, and they just didn't reply unless it was something that I had to do on a schedule. See it selects more than one when you don't mean to, it's bad at interfacing, that's the Microsoft problem. did it again all stupid keep doing it ding dong ding dong ding dong ding dong ding dong ding dong ding dong ding dong ding dong ding dong ding dong ding dong you know I was up front with direct space the entire time about me needing this for a video server and I've been put through so much I just wanted this like if they could just given me the right thing to begin with could have been a lot easier too bad i didn't use youtube the whole time i'm not very popular on youtube not many people know me tick tick tick tick tick tick tick

This name is Gaia Unlovely. Tick, tick, tick. In front of guns. Duh, from Australia.

Here's the tour of Australia, everybody. Tick, tick, tick, tick. Let's start at the altar. Let's start at the altar.

Chances. Find the Queen. To get to the Queen. educate everyone give us another chance come on just one more just give it to us

all software is for educational purposes only but it's free and this is how i'm going to live my life and there's nothing you can do about it because i am either promoting you for a good product or exposing your product as a crappy one and if you want to you know impress people because i can make your product do awesome stuff then you should make a good product and then i would promote your product uh so and this is the way like people like me should be given everything i should be given this technology so i can then show it off to the world like how stupid are we not because i'm that's what i'm doing i'm showing off this technology to the world and and why you can't like in every single person that does this education system i'm talking about is going to be doing the same thing so like why you you give your golfers the nike shirts and stuff like that but people like me you won't sponsor like there's problems you can go to hell now because i fixed it myself like i wanted to fix it with you i kept asking but but now i don't need so fuck you we know that's a problem remember that look it won't work close it there's a video file here that's not working right I didn't even know it okay let's find it this thing it's gonna say really big is it it's too small doesn't like it there's one that it's not real like here it is that one I missed it always miss when i was doing it at the end okay so one zero zero four yeah this is probably the only problem you'll come in into it's the only problem i've seen so one zero zero four it's really small is it the small ones don't like it sometimes make sure you do it for a little bit like see i wanted that but now i got it here so it's all right so let's let's get a better shot of it. Let's get the whole thing. Let's get the noise too. It doesn't really matter.

Do what I'm happy with. You okay? Okay. So that's how we did it. We got a howling. Boom.

Boom. Boom. There's a delete. And then clear. And then add. And then control.

Ctrl A, select, open. This will be a fun one. It's gonna go there. Oh, it's still doing it.

We're gonna find it again. There's probably another one. We'll find it. I'll show you.

See, it's because it did this funny thing where I have to scroll because I clicked that thing to expand it and this stretch thing doesn't work. So it's bad interfacing with Microsoft again. Like, I'll show you. you can't go like that you know and stretch it like I think it doesn't work so I'm not sure how to do that yeah so it does this screwy thing but I removed the wrong one it's like 1002 which is this one which is even faster so I'll get it with audio uh-huh so that's cool we're good so you look at the last one you did and then you match it up over here 1 5 3 2 and then you look at the dates here and then you can go down you're seeing this is set so we're going through the times and then we so now we're getting back into the morning and then we see the gap there so that was that was taking my break which was I I've been sleeping better like I sleep a few hours three hours three or four hours usually change it see that that's another bad interfacing thing it changes the view like that's not good so now I gotta find it again I said it was seven so there we go and then we shift should go off like that's not good. Alright, so, then we gotta go, see, we got this cable right here. And, uh, we

gotta go here. What is that? And then go here, and then we gotta go to 12, which we just created on the desktop. We've been deleting them because there's not a lot of space on this thing. So, some of them we keep. It depends on how much space we got. That's how we do

And we've got to remember if we did anything to mess with the order, which would be using other devices. So we've got to relive these stories. Relive it in a different way. And you think of names, that's so cool.

I'm coming up with cool names. And there's meaning behind everything. I failed to take my own advice. If you recall earlier, I said that you should record in high quality if you're doing text and you have the time to change it.

And it was on long play when I did the scene earlier today, giving you all those emails.

It's time to charge. Focus right? You will map everything in which the light. Open source education does not abide by license agreements or any copyrights, because when used for educational purposes only, it will end up promoting the good businesses, the ones that are worth it.

Ring ring ring ring ring ring ring. I'm going to tell you a secret about episode 7 of song of wind horsey Which is when I went to the parliament house the new parliament house. It's new so Let's first watch it, but be aware of what's happening. I'm going in there, and then there's security and and and you'll see because then you get through and then you can go through everything so just watch I'll tell you a story afterwards just be perceptive it's perceptive I wasn't thinking and this was in my bag and in its very center was a seed of hope but they were worried about the footage on my camera but my finger slipped twice and the preview for that video looked like another video so I managed to delete what was the last video which had maybe a little bit more on it but then they let me through and they were even though I went through the conveyor belt and all that they were more worried about the footage on the camera and I'm not gonna say anything more but but that was what happened and after I did that tour I then went to the front desk and I tried to figure out how I could talk to people about politics and fixing what we have and and ultimately to to legalized assisted suicide or help your people one or the other and it's the suicidal people that are on my heart because I understand why they like that because our society is like this not our society is not doing good things but the good things let me look what I'm doing good things can be done why can't we do good things there's problems there and I wanted to fix it I wanted to help and and I wanted to see what I could do and they would not listen to me so I then left and and later on found the seed of hope in the very middle but after I left I walked out the doors and I realized that I hadn't been to the very top and I thought I saw people at the very top but But I walked out the doors, and normally I would, you know, for production like that, I would take the hit and go back in, but it's not worth it, it's not worth it.

So I went into the new Parliament House in the Australian Capital Territory with a seed of hope, and they rejected it. I walked out with that seed of hope and then planted it everywhere. But it is okay because when I go to the top, it will be with my queen. We will be taking the elevator, my love.

I really love these things, they're amazing. I really do find the way we do business despicable. Okay, so we get someone that finds me on LinkedIn, right? And whoever, I don't care.

But yeah, so they like to include me in their network to share updates and stay in touch. Okay, it's kind of obvious that I don't use LinkedIn. And I don't know this guy. I mean, this sort of stuff happens all the time.

And the thing is that when you do know them and you try to talk to them, they're not interested. They don't want, they're just trying to build a network for no reason because they don't want to talk about these things like they're just trying like they i guess they want to they don't i'm not going to do that i'm not going to just include a lot of people around me and and think that's cool to to just use them whenever whenever you know i want their services that's not that's not the way i'm going to do business um so so you know crap like this is it's really useless to me because that person obviously didn't have you know the ability to click you know the websites on there and then try and look even google me i mean i got like seriously uh if you could just if you do your research you would know who you're dealing with and and then you would contact them you know like a real person like an email you know or you would actually do a contact and there was nothing it was just I'd like to share updates with you like well I don't do updates that means I'd have to if I shared updates with you then that means I'd have to use it and I don't use it and because because people like you just add me in and don't even know who I am like you should be sending it there not through LinkedIn and so that's our business practices. Let's read them. Our society-addicted business practices.

We're addicted to a lot of things. Can't even do it, because how are you gonna get the light? I can get, I don't even have a light. See, let me see, I got this thing, and this thing's dying here.

And I got somewhere, I got like the mag one, doesn't have any batteries yet right here it's like oh yeah so but that's dying too so um i do have that but see that'll stop working so you can see it flickering and it'll just stop um so i need new batteries for them i think i kind of need to invest in some good rechargeables but but people should be sending you know messages to there if you want to like how can you how can you seriously be linked in with somebody if you don't talk to them or if you don't do an introduction like seriously it's terrible terrible this is where we're headed guys this is where i headed so you go under me and her you go under me and her and this is where you're going time to pop it gets worse i don't even have a linkedin account i deleted it a long time ago oh why are we doing this i'll tell you another secret where is it see i do this i do this a lot i go oh where do i put it and you know i don't only got a certain amount of space um to use you know like this is everything how how did i lose something like like my keys but it's in my pockets so that's that's usually where they are okay so here here's the other secret is that this right here was found during this production i spent time loading this and it's doing this see this is our technology you know and i want to be able to do like this stretch in and out and i need this to work faster like we can cartoon with our world i'm not all that bad of a guy you just get to know me the The better life, the less learned about continuing to cling on to that life. For our entire creation process is a wonderful circle of life. And as we decompose into the ground, we will once again rise as another formation. Today, those who rest in this graveyard were blessed with solid relationships of people who tactfully assisted them to correct their errors while they reciprocated the favor.

Imagine their potential fruits if they were only given the assistance they needed to cope with their own physical, mental, and spiritual struggles. what would the world be like today if only this graveyard managed to develop a utopian society that can be copied what are the heights of human beings when we are provided with all we need to reach those heights one person in our life died we are shown for our mortality but death has its place in our human existence and we will never learn to overcome it if we are unable to embrace it. We stand here at the precipice of a new society. We have all the resources and manpower required to perform and construct all the necessary structures to develop this society.

We are showing it to you. This is what is now provided to each man and woman. Cheers. Give me for free.

And the only question that we are left with now is... What am I going to do with the given? Now it is your turn to assess your own responsibilities. I wish you luck and we'll be right by your side.

Do you understand?

But at the end of every day, this... Cut.

Cut. Come on, give it back. Give it back. Give it back. I don't want to tear. Give it back. Thank you.

Will be our most reliable light source. I can't see it. It's going to turn the exposure back on it. It's far away. It doesn't detect it very good. It's very far away.

It's the exposure. I need to change. It's overexposed, but there's a beautiful rainbow around her. And you can see some of it.

I see more than usually the camera. And you usually can't with the camera. It's still not the same thing I see. Never will be.

I'm eating good. Cheese. Yum. I only got a few of those left.

That's what we do all the time. We pay out. That's what I do. I don't know what you do.

Oh, this is so gross. I have taught you how to create really awesome, real life stories using your environment. You can do this at work, you can do this anywhere, you can do this at home, you can do this at school, you can do this anywhere, you just gotta get the right equipment for whatever environment that you are in, tick tick tick tick, really easy, look how fast I'm doing this, you want me to throw it in there, I will, I will, I'll slice it up, slice it all up your ignorant perspectives I've got the power now you can't take the power I have away from me you can put me anywhere you like and I'm gonna do the same thing I am built to do this I've been trying to tell you all this my whole life but you've been ignoring me and making me homeless because of it I can't do anything else but this and at the end of the day changing everything back to auto. We need to know how to keep ourselves clean. What's in your mirror? Be able to answer

that and I'll also give you a degree. It's about to die. Let's see what happens when it dies. Let's just let it die. You know that I told my supports that I was about to start a war

and i needed to speak with the government official about these issues but i was ignored but who is it that has truly started this war i'm just wiping the floor with your actions let me show you zeus's soap hey it won't we'll see bang picked it up bang i'm telling prophecy and you should really listen to what I'm saying. We'll have to find a more active community. Maybe I should say it would be in your best interest to listen to my words. I will press the button now.

You saw before and after. In order to download it, I have to be a premium member. And that's okay because the whole thing's right here. And all I gotta do is click that and then that.

We've got it, yay! See, you gotta watch out for that. EXE, uh-uh, I want a PDF, I searched for PDF and it said PDF there, but it's a virus.

Like, this is like our internet and this is the types of things that we're using it for. Trojans, so someone can log into my computer and do stuff, or remotely take stuff. It's sad. Like, what they do with it, usually what happens is it monitors keystrokes a lot of times, and then those keystrokes get uploaded to some server somewhere, usually sniffing for credit cards and stuff like that, and there's a list of tons and tons of credit cards out there, and anyone involved in it can use whatever they want, but to be honest, most people's cards wouldn't be used it's just like the list with a lot of cards so people can still it's still not secure it's not good I'm just gonna do it the right way thank you very much you should be proud of your feet look what they did I do I didn't put this good quality you know to be honest screw it doesn't matter like as long as you can read the text and that's all that matters and I'm looking at the screen and I can read it quite well and if it comes up you know not perfect does that really matter like as long as it's legible that's all that matters or other cameras socks with text I'm sure I can play around with the video settings I don't know it's gonna be so worth it though to read this better it's nothing like camera Steven's about to fight a lot of devils.

This is how we download our PDF. See that's meaning, like the way that is, that's meaning. There's details, details, look at the details. The problem most people don't realize the details, they just take things in front of them for granted.

An open source education will resolve that issue over time. people come on tell me to stay away from Canberra every time I talk about stuff like this people tell me not to do this people tell me to stay away from stuff like this is that not supposed to make me suspicious like that doesn't make much sense I told you Canberra I told you I'd do it you need to be so tight don't let anyone in because you have secrets that you don't want other people to know no wonder you keep some of the graffiti who does the graffiti got footage of all this white magic versus black fight if you want the information it's all there on the internet if you want to hear the real-life experiences just live on the streets for three years they'll trace it to Canberra everything's linked my dear look what they're doing okay so I type in that and I get airlines electorate ranges airlines chorus like what about the place you know what I only searched for that why did I get that so then I try I tried wiki and see so I'll go wiki wiki and look look so how are these search results getting that like that's not good the hearts on the street who are both victims and witnesses will always lead you back to children welcome to the open source republic i wasn't asking it's only a matter of time tick tick tick Tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-21-The-Secret-of-Canberra

watch any of our videos anytime so easy even a child can do it a dog with a bone if you know my work you know i run with these i always find out what i need to find out eventually and i cut the rest of my life to do this because you refuse to end it you refuse to legalize this this is suicide So, what do you think that my life is going to accomplish, seriously?

And, when I woke up this morning, I reflected upon the event that happened when I was nine years old. When the demon fox was put into me in the forest, when I woke up in the forest.

And I really, really started to think about it. You know, I've never seen anyone be treated, any child, be treated like me throughout my journeys, especially someone that was really, really caring and loving and just wanted to get along with everybody.

And very intelligent and very giving, but being treated how I get treated by my family. And then, you know, what would it take? When I told my family about this event, they thought I was crazy, and they made me feel really, really bad. But, you know, I think about it a lot.

How does someone, how does a nine-year-old get into that situation? How does a nine-year-old wake up alone in the middle of the forest with a circle around them, with a dead fox just outside of that circle? um with blood on them uh like how does this happen i don't know not sure i don't think i'll ever know but but i don't know what these people are not sure not sure at all retrous it's a trick it said yep green yep you permanently deleted your account nothing it submitted again like what would happen if you didn't do it I don't know probably not world digital library I'm sure she that's not it power up how are we to study in our new golden age if you gave me any seats at Parliament I I would do my best to wipe Australia from its victims blood but here's the thing I know that you won't so it's now time to use the ace up my sleeve tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick but first I must learn to accept my origins. By the way, the only reason that the government allows me to do this is because of my naming conventions. It is very likely

that the same will remain true for you, my dear. They do not know nor care what That content is hidden within the pages. And even though the wisdom of the elites comes from the mythology in which I teach, they have arrogantly ignored the advice of their fathers. But it is okay because Zeus is about to strike them down.

Apollo's chariot will fall and cause much destruction as it does the wax will melt and Poseidon will singe their existence and the youngest and most beautiful of our children Will castrate their father because when the heart worships Satan the entire body gets the blood Flown through it. Let's try it again

because when the heart worships Satan That blood is flown To the rest of the world Let us try it one more time

because when the heart worships Satan 666

That blood is flowing through the entire world Now, what are you gonna do about it? These guys aren't an exception. They're not doing that. So we sell it where you're going and finally the fourth time Because when the heart worships Satan Every structure that is erected by it is evil

Everything I'm showing you is evil This guy isn't Tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick. This is my free choice.

What do you mean, now?

I have now accepted my origins. No matter how evil they may be. Now it is time for you to do the same. Let us carefully look at what is in front of us.

We got a whole world full of crap. And I mean it when I say crap. Vishnath, Vishnath, Hareha, Hareha, Hareha, Hareha, Hareha, Hareha, Hareha, Hareha, Hareha, Hareha, Hareha, Hareha, Hareha, Hareha, Hareha, Hareha, Hareha, Hareha, Hareha, Hareha. Because how long do you do?

Yeah, I told, I told you, I told what you said. How can we sell it? It's at the half o'clock, from six o'clock to twelve o'clock. Two o'clock, okay?

You come in? Yes. Finish. Two o'clock, rafiana, lock the door, follow.

each picture has a lot hidden in it there's a lot you can see in each picture we'll put on our hat later let's roll it off we'll make it as round as possible remember the dates I am running this race even though camera wouldn't let me you can see it vote for me I'll destroy your society this is the taste of freedom but I will rebuild it baby steps and if you enable me to do this our society will travel to the highest points in our environment we will need to learn many hard lessons but at the end of the day it'll make us better people and when you say no eventually these videos will make their way to other countries they will know your art just like I do but eventually there will be a country that wants me to lead them into our new golden age but I will have to cross the street happy to renounce either of my citizenships if the country won't allow me to keep them burned and I am not referencing the country that I'm about to save because their laws will be flipped I am referencing Australia and America do your worst I'm ready and the candidate that ran the best race will be excluded by you but what is so funny is is that this will go down in history for all of time. Come on girl, I need it. Just because someone is alone in life does not mean that you can ignore them. They will not go away.

And just because they lack the mental capabilities to fill out the paperwork the way that you do does not mean that you can exclude them from your systems. Aboriginals, what do you think we did? going to hell and when they spend one year and three months begging for you to help them fill out that paperwork and you refuse to pay for your sins because when you refuse to accept me as the leader that I am then my invitation will extend out into the entire world let's flip it make your move society I have made mine if I only kept my paperwork, if I only had video capabilities to do that when I needed it. I think it was 24 when I had surgery to remove a hemorrhoid, but the doctor who did it was inexperienced and ever since then my anus bled. Sometimes it would bleed a lot. Sometimes

it would be good for a while and not bleed at all. And sometimes it would bleed leaders and make me stay put where I am because I would feel sick. I have traveled many places and been put on many waiting lists but since I'm a traveler options to resolve things like this are not possible and to be honest I think you all are oppressing me um I got I'm paranoid about a lot of things um because these because I'm capturing it and then I watch what I capture I'm like whoa crap man and then I watch how people respond to what I capture and I'm like whoa crap man so you know I am sick I am ill because my anus bleeds from a fault from the the public health system and pretty much I just I need surgery again but our public health systems don't help people like me when I had surgery I was married and had the supports but when you lose those supports and you're a traveler Australia doesn't help you they don't care even though they know okay so my university which I paid to take the courses whether it's on help or not hex used to be hex now it's help and whether I owe it or not it's it's still the same fact that they don't have the records that I paid them like so I owe money which is to them or not to them anymore because help paid for them so I owe money to the government but they don't have the records of me paying them and look it's no people there's no people it's just so enrollments and fees team there's no people behind here makes no sense okay I'm just trying to scroll through this video to get the right point but how do I get precise times like it's really bad and it does this thing where it lags and see it's not it's not doing right we got to fix these internet structures like see I should be able to have this and then zoom in on anything and then you know it should be fast like if I have to wait for it it should buff it and the buffer never works right like if you go back it worked right for a little while um but that was probably a year ago now it's terrible let's figure out how to sell we're going through my name we're going through my origins about to find out who i am if you don't know already i'll be taking over from you minister katie gallagher that's you ivory plus you can't reply via email you have to go through their proprietary system um so they don't actually talk to you properly like that that reply if you reply to that nothing's gonna happen it's that's just a sending address so this is all like an automated system and you can see like and look about what about the words we use so like we don't understand the words we use we just say things so okay thanks for your query hi Wendell thanks for your query okay so are they really thankful for my query of like you know they didn't even help me they didn't do this and and they didn't do anything and like they just passed me off passed the buck and the thing is like working with the ATO like okay okay but this is the Australian Student Center let's see if we can fix it takes three times but the fourth is coming up let's just go through all the numbers line it up and then shoot but dear girl this is not our number this is her number we have to get through this number to get to our number now let's learn how to count let's Let's learn our A, B, Creswick, to Calamunda, to Perth, to Byron Bay, and then C's.

Because when we tightly pack three sets of three, reverse them and then unravel them one by one we work with the waves of Poseidon each number leads us to the next and from constant consideration of these numbers we then learn how to count. She's out real early oh look at that when she's out wait for it okay so this is when i saw the echidna look what happened okay so it's there and it's walking through right it's walking through and it turns the camera off look doing that turns the camera off but then look it turns it back on so look look oh i pick it up it turned it back on how cool is that that's what we get because we repeat everything what do you think i'm going to do with this footage world i've got a whole life three yep so that means you can change the leader whenever you like and not even notify the people like you did at the beginning you're saying these changes are good and they just promote exactly what happened to you anyway boom boom boom tick tick tick when you're producing it always lines up with what you're doing and we repeat three times so I found this ebook too but before but I didn't read it so much time doing too much flagging see some reason when I copy here it is okay it's gone to four we got Apollo here let's do it this is how it works so here is how we do it you don't have to play the numbers the numbers will play you you just have to be there to capture it when it happens it's all a numbers game might be accurate but not in the way that our society understands it but we will line it up before the clock reaches four I've been telling you all that I'm on a mission and I've been ignored every single time because you guys don't understand what a mission is you know a mission is not gonna go away and now we will have to die again wish me luck I I wish you luck we're dying again nothing that we pay for is working okay stuff like this like hold the button for at least a second because because that that's cool and all they got captured the image but that won't load into the program probably we'll find out I might have to delete it I don't want to but who cares if I do but I was smart I knew that that was gonna happen I don't I didn't realize, I went to A2, look at A2. So that one's big enough, there we go. So I can just delete that one now and not worry about it.

What it does, screwed up. BurstNet VPS are all screwed up. Let's go back in the past. Sure, we'll see.

I think I can put it up through the console. Let's see. Yeah? I didn't like Wasabi at first, but I do now.

That's like with many, many things.

Yeah, I know what you're talking about, man.

How funny is this? I reinstalled with Windows 2003 because 2012 wouldn't work. It just kept on being offline. And it kept on rebooting for no reason, too.

So I reinstalled it with 2003, and now my 2012 server came back up online. Like something really weird going on. But it's almost finished downloading, so i might be able to upload this one that i need which is really cool so that means today i'm good but man that was a scare i don't i don't like this like none of my stuff that i'm paying for is working it's not good and it's funny dick smiths made a fool of themselves because this thing went under warranty i told them the same thing was going to happen and it did and and i got it on footage like i told them that it would be on footage if they allowed it to happen because i told them i needed different hardware because this hardware wasn't appropriate uh for what i do even though they told me it was to begin with um but yeah it's pathetic it's our businesses man yeah well the thing is is that i don't know but it was it was always it was like that like from from the beginning i told them what i needed to do and it never did what i needed to do um and it was they they should provide me with the different device that's what they should do because you know this device has so many problems it has like tons and tons of problems I looked it up it's like it doesn't charge properly and the screen goes out randomly it's not good they shouldn't sell this device at all I showed this shot my battery and they treated me with disrespect like a sells man I showed this shot by battery I showed this shot by battery I showed this shot my battery ironically this is where it died because i did not have my cable on me okay so i just renamed something again and renamed one two three folders so i got three folders now that are 14 and that's just because of the stupid user interface that i was telling you about if it happens again and again and again and you can't learn from it then it's not your problem and everybody tries to make it out that it is but it's not it's interfacing i know how it works i do it look at the software that i make so um stop thinking like that stop thinking how you think think better try to actually think use your head use your head and your heart use both of them together and you know you'll see results we don't see any results from what we do now this is what you got to do I hope that's the only one we'll find out

she's right above us now let's go charge our battery the events in your life will always lead you to the topics that you need to cover in your work make sure you do learn how to use the appropriate equipment that guy's a witness high five after episode four i lost my naming conventions i have to re-watch some past episodes and study more i've covered almost all the main stories i survive moment by moment which is one of the main reasons why i don't do well in society I think long term in time I'm never thinking tomorrow or something like that I can only deal with now and long term and what I end up doing is not know what to do next so I think and I think and I come up with something brilliant and then I do it but some reason everything that I do requires other people caring and I live and have always lived in a world where people don't care see if I could try to get the moon with me and your shots looking at how it looks you know look in your mirror Got the right angle, we just got to get the right angle and be able to hold it and do what we need to do at the same time and also keep our mind on the same topic. And when we lose it we only change angles and press the button. And if we are confused about what to do next, then we just watch previous video footage. And this also gives us the opportunity to delete the scenes in which we didn't delete when we were moving around.

but what didn't make sense to me was why we have the word care in our vocabulary if there's no one out there in society who cares everything i say is going to work

people like me just end up around a lot of bad people because that's where society places us What's that? What's that? Nice. Being a prophet, things like that will happen to you all the time.

One. You have your real life. That's your health. That's your food.

That's your shelter. That's the people around you. That's relationships. That's water.

That's light. That's health. both mental and physical. That's your clothes. That's your medical supplies. That's your special

needs. That's your physical maintenance. That's your physical maintenance. That's your physical maintenance. That's your physical maintenance. That's your physical maintenance. That's your

physical maintenance. That is your storage, maintenance of equipment, and your addictions. let us compare culture she has a rainbow see when you're in the menu you can't change it to bright so you have to get out of the menu it's on landscape scenery mode she's very stunning tonight reflecting off of zeus's formations that's your feet that's your shoes that's this little bag that you carry around that you feel that you should get rid of because you hardly use anything in it let me correct myself i hardly use anything in it you are a beautiful girl and will want to look pretty for me number one is your immediate needs including safety freedom and most importantly your let's find out what number two is going to be and what number five is going to be called and you will make mistakes let's continue oh no oh really oh why do I have to delete videos on camera I keep wondering whether I did the right thing because I've stuffed up you've seen me stuff up once really bad and I deleted episode 12 of a song of wind on camera and I just deleted more I'm pretty sure I was good when I did that one, but Like you get nervous. It's like I'm really weird about my data because you know, I don't want to do it again. I could I can't do these things again

I can never do these things again. So So I gotta keep it secure. It's in my heart

That is why I have to live on the cloud. I have packed my bags and and am almost there see you do shit like that and don't even realize I was just trying to show that that was my bags it's the times that things happen there's a pattern and it's really there's a certain pattern that's very very connected to me and it's a tune it's like I picked up on it and I'm running with it I'm learning stuff crazy I know my mind is I'm awesome it was here that everything clicked for me I mean it guys I got I got footage it's all there that's real that's real that's showing what's really happening and and ever since then man I got it I got it I got it and and I can give it I can give it I give it you girl high five it is about time that i changed my wallpaper you see it's so easy for me now i just look at the dates before i was gone trying to look by file names and stuff and it was confusing let's see 12 31 p.m and and then we go you know 12 29 was that one so it's just we got a copy and we want after that one so just go ctrl f2 and then copy and then you just go up to that one and you go wait was this renamed already do it again okay i don't have to do it again i just figured out what i did wrong okay you see it was that was from the last one i did because i copied too much in um so because those ones needed to be on 14 and not 13 so i just forgot that i did that but those are crap names so i mean i didn't do anything so i can still paste that in so let's just uh f2 there and then we go down to let's just replace that that doesn't matter that was messed up that was because i thought it was with that um but it was the wrong date so it was one the time okay so we change that and now that one's in line but this one's then 12 39 so then we got to go down here and we passed it okay so 12 36 and then 12 that's a 12 it'll be right there so you go f2 and then copy and then you go back to the other one which is that right yeah 12 31 is that dad do that right like you you do that like your dude do that right I'm at the check and usually I do sometimes I don't but you gotta double check yourself make sure you're doing it okay so that's 442 oh wait wait is that the same one yeah okay I did screw up see it's that 139 see see I caught myself caught myself it's good doing that because i'm showing you how to how to do it what sort of mistakes can be made all right so then like let's just say for example those are there you can just go f5 there and see it puts on you see that see that was the magic there like if you tell i was being stupid um and then that will put it in our video converter so we gotta do that with every file um i thought i was gonna have to watch every single video and go which one was there and which one was there and i'm not and And I'm going to, I thought I was going to have to rebuild it. But see, I already built it for myself, like, through the dates. And I just got to make sure that all my equipment stays on the right time.

It's all about time. High five.

So, dear girl, that's all we had to do was change them to that. Just add that in front of it. Replace it from the other one to that one. And that all lined up.

The only one that was different was that one, because I was swapping them. So easy, even a child can do it. Well, it's on the cloud still. It's such a dork.

I do it, aw. I'm so sick and twisted. Did I? Did I make sure what I do?

Did I do it? Am I going to do it? Oh, oh, oh, this is terrible. Why did I do this?

Oh, why did I do that to myself? That was terrible. But it's on the cloud.

That's why I did it to myself. I had to show myself.

It is all over the cloud.

Those with ears, let them hear. Always coming back to hear. This is how one builds treasures in heaven.

Never know. Maybe, maybe not. Might get it one day. That's a problem with this guy

That's a problem with this guy

Recording live and I waited a little bit and then decided I should record it like Yeah, I got a pretty fast You all can see and it doesn't matter whether it's downloading or not

And then I do it again. I'm gonna do it again. Is it gonna happen is gonna work this time? See it didn't even tell me it didn't work, it just, okay, now, is it installed on it?

Iron it. Is it installed? Let's see. Megatube.

YouTube. YouTube, no, it's not installed. I don't like to see stuff like this. I didn't plan this.

I don't want to think. It was just Pandora running in the background. That's how I found that song, Somebody That I Used To Know. Which you saw me when I was moisturizing my tattoos.

That's the first time that I heard that song for its words.

Puzzles. It's what we're best at.

Difficult topics. What we are best at.

Still no thumbnails.

We don't have to worry about that anymore. So we're converting straight to it. So we just avoided that whole problem Because we're awesome Let's eat them. They're only 99 cents. They're awesome like Oreos fake Oreos

The only reason that I can do all this is because I actually possess character The way that my mind works is that I'm constantly guessing everything and And by doing that, I can rearrange it in any way that I like.

I like. I do not like. Rawr. Bang.

But respect the numbers that play me and you. Sony Vegas was gifted to me from a third party that just so happened to be spelt the same as Sony themself. Oh

We always get around things

Old days we have character now. We don't need that First one I've ever eaten like this. I just never liked the flavor before So I didn't eat them. It's good

Especially this one like this is good strawberry

it's still the same. See the app and the smoke. I'm low out there. I shouldn't smoke in here like this. I'm being bad, but I'm going to finish this and I'll be good after that. July 11, 2018.

See if we can get it all. See, stop, pause. Let's get it all. There's your divine tragedy.

can you believe this can you believe this like it's can you that's the beginning it was when I started this was going to turn out to be the plow name then we merge he's gonna create it right there probably I'm getting a signal I'm getting a signal this is a signal back if you're too blind to see it then oh oh yay yay i wonder if i can keep this out i wonder if i can keep getting the signal

enlightenment is not an easy journey so tonight i will have to leave you at one which i have demonstrated today entirely in my actions do you understand i'm all in and try and get up this hill.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-22-Wendell-for-Prime-Minister

really dirty. Might be the only ones left in the world. Still what we are. Breakfast is our business in your environment. Times are all screwed up now thanks to this. I'm going to be leaving here soon. We live in a world of irony.

The philosopher is or has been or hereafter shall be compelled by a superior.

Out of the charge of the state, we are ready to assert the death, that this our constitution has been, and is yay, and will be. Whenever the muse of philosophy is queen, there is no impossibility in all this. That there is a difficulty, we acknowledge ourselves.

Do you mean to say that this is not the opinion of the multitude? Does the world perceive that what we are saying about him is the truth? Will they be angry with philosophy? Will they disbelieve us, when we tell them that no state can be happy which is not designed by artists, who imitate the heavenly pattern?

The one of the gods in heaven would you say was the lord of this element, who uses the light which makes the eye to see perfectly, and the visible to appear. You mean the sun, as you and all mankind say. Then the sun is not sight, but the author of sight who is recognized by sight, interposed and said, to these statements, Socrates, no. Over the minds of your hearers, they fancy that they are led.

Stray a little at each step in the argument, going to their own want of. King him to answer in questions. These littles accumulate, and. At the end of the discussion they are found to have sustained a mighty.

Overthrow and all their former notions appear to be turned upside down. And as unskillful players of drafts are at last shut up by their. More skillful adversaries and have no peace to move, so they too find. Themselves shut up at last.

For they have nothing to say in this new. Game of which words are encounters. And yet all the time they are in the right. The observation is suggested to me by what is now occurring.

For any one of us might say that although in words he is not able to meet you at each step of the argument, he sees as a fact that they are the batteries of philosophy when they carry on the study, not only in youth. As a part of education, but as the pursuit of their mature years, most of them become strange monsters, not to say utter rogues, and that those who may be considered the best of them are made useless to the world by the very study which you extol. Well, I perceive, I said, that you are vastly amused at having plunged me into such a hopeless discussion. But now hear the parable, and then you will be still more amused at the meek airness of my imagination, for the manner in which the best men are treated to in their own states is so grievous that no single thing on earth is comparable to it.

For, if, am to plead their cause, I must have recourse to fiction, and put together a figure made up of many things, like the fabulous unions of goats and stags which are found in pictures. Imagine then a fleet or a ship in which there is a captain who is taller and stronger than any of, and stronger than any of, but he is a little deaf and has a similar infirmity in sight, and his knowledge of navigation is not much better. The sailors are grilling with one another about the steering everyone is of opinion, but he has a right to steer, though he has never learned the art of navigation and cannot tell who taught him or when he learned, and will. Further assert that it cannot be taught, and they are ready to cut in.

Peace is anyone who says the contrary. They throng about the captain, begging and praying for him to commit the helm to them. And if at any time, they do not prevail. But others are preferred to them, they kill them.

Others all throw them overboard, and having first chained up the noble, captain's senses with drink or some narcotic drug, they mute in the intake. Possession of the ship and make free with the stores. Thus, eating and drinking, they proceed on their voyage in such manner as might be expected of them. Him who is their partisan and cleverly aids them in their plot for getting the ship out of a captain's hands into their own weather.

By force or persuasion, they complement with the name of sailor, pilot, able seaman, and abuse the other sort of man whom they call a good for nothing. But that the true pilot must pay attention to the year and seasons and sky and stars and winds and whatever else belongs to his art. If he intends to be really qualified for the command of a ship, and that he must and will be the steerer, whether other people like or not the possibility of this union of authority with the steerer's guard has never seriously entered into their thoughts or been made part of their calling. Now in vessels which are eigned by sailors who are mutineers, how true pilot be.

Will he not be called by them a praetor, a stargazer, a, but for nothing? Of course, said Ademantus. Then you will hardly need, I said, to hear the interpretation of the figure, which describes the true philosopher in his relation to the state. For you understand already.

Certainly. Then suppose you now take this parable to the gentleman who is surprised at finding that philosophers have no honor in their cities. Explain it to him and try to convince him that though having honor would be far more extraordinary. I will say to him that, in deeming the best Votaris a philosopher to be useless to the rest of the world, he is right.

But also tell him to attribute that our sailors nest to the fault of those who will not use them, and not to themselves. The pilot should not humbly beg the sailors to be commanded by him that is not the author of nature, neither otherwise. Go to the doors of the rich, the ingenious author of this saying. Told the lie, but the truth is, that, when a man is ill, whether he.

You rich or poor, to the physician he must go, and he who wants to. Be governed, to him who is able to govern. The ruler who is good for. Anything ought not to beg his subjects to be ruled by him.

Although. The present governors of mankind are of a different stamp. They may be. As compared to the mutilous sailors, and the true helmsmen to those.

Who are called by them good for nothings and stargathers. Precisely so, he said. For these reasons, and among men like these, philosophy, the noblest. Pursuit of all.

Esteemed by those of the opposite faction. That the greatest and most lasting injury is done. To her by her opponents, but by her own professing followers, the same. Of whom you suppose the accuser to say, that the greater number of them.

Are errant rogues, and best are useless. In which opinion I agreed.

When explained, then shall we proceed to show that the corruption of the majority is. Also unavoidable, and that this is not to be laid to the charge of philosophy any more than the other? By all means. And let us ask him to answer in turn, first going back to the description of the gentle and noble nature.

Truth, as you will remember, was his leader, whom he followed always and in all things. Failing in this, he was an imposter, and had no part or lot in true philosophy. Yes, that was said.

And is not this one quality, to mention no others, greatly had variance with present notions of him. Certainly, he said, and have we not a right to say in his defense, that the true love of knowledge is always striving after being that is his nature. He will not rest in the multiplicity of individuals which is in appearance only, but will go on the keen edge or not be blunted, nor the force of his desire obeyed until he have attained the knowledge of the true nature. Of every essence by a sympathetic and contrite power in the soul, and by The power drawing near and minging and becoming incorporate with very Being, having begotten mind and truth, he will have knowledge and will Live and grow truly, and then, and not till then, will he cease from his Travail Nothing, he said, can be more just than such a description of him And will the love of the lie be any part of a philosopher's nature?

Will He not utterly hate a lie? He will And when truth is the captain, we cannot suspect any evil of the band Which he leads? Impossible. Justice and health of mind will be of the company, and temperance will follow after?

True, he replied. Neither is there any reason why I should again set an array of philosophers' virtues, as you will doubtless remember the courage, magnificence, apprehension, memory, his natural gifts. And you objected that, although no one could deny what I then said, still, if you leave words and look at facts, the persons you are thus described, are some of them manifestly useless and the greater number utterly depraved. We were then led to inquire into the grounds of these accusations and have now arrived at the point of asking why are the majority bad, which question of necessity brought us back to the examination and definition of the true philosopher.

Exactly. And we have next to consider the corruptions of the philosophic nature. Why so many are spoiled and so few escape spoiling I am speaking of. Those who are said to be useless but not wicked and when we have done with them we will speak of the imitators of philosophy what manner of men are they who aspire after a profession which is of them and which they are unworthy and then by their manifold inconsistencies of philosophy all philosophy universal revelation of which we speak what are these corruptions he said i will see if i can explain them to you everyone will admit that nature having imperfection all the qualities which we require to inner.

Philosopher is a rare plant which is seldom seen among men. Rare indeed, but numberless and powerful causes tend to destroy these rare natures. What causes? In the first place there are their own virtues, their courage, temperance, and the rest of them, and of which praiseworthy.

Quality is, and this is the most singular circumstance, destroys and distracts from philosophy the soul which is the possessor of them. He replied, and there are all the ordinary goods of life, beauty, wells, strength, rank, and great connections in the state you understand the sort of. Things these also have a corrupting and distracting effect. I understand. I should like to know more precisely what you mean. About them. I said, and in the

right way. Have no difficulty in apprehending the preceding remarks, and they will no longer appear strange to you. When am I to do so? He asked. I said, we know that all germs or seeds,

whether vegetable or animal, when they to climate or soil, thought is a greater enemy to what is not very true. There is reason in supposing that the finest natures, when under alien conditions, receive more injury than the inferior, because the contrast is greater. Certainly. And may we not say, at Daymanteus, that the most gifted minds, when they are ill-educated, become pre-eminently bad. Do not great crimes and spirit of pure evil spring out of a foulness

of nature ruined by education rather than from any inferiority, whereas weak natures are Be capable of any very great good or very great evil Though I think that you are right And our philosopher follows the same analogy He is like a plant witch Having proper nurture, must necessarily grow and mature into all virtue But, if soren and planted in an alien soil Becomes the most noxious of All weeds, unless he be preserved by some divine power Do you really Think, as people so often say That our youth are corrupted by sophists Or the private teachers We are to corrupt them in any degree worth Speaking of are not the public who say these things the greatest of all sophists and do they not educate a perfection young and old men and women alike and fashion them after their own hearts they do when is this accomplished he said when they meet together and the world sits down at an assembly or in a court of law or a theater or a camp or in any other popular resort and there is a great uproar and they praise some things which are being said or done and blame other things equally exaggerated both Shouting and clapping their hands And the echo of the rocks in the Place in which they are assembled Reduples the sound of the praise Blame at such a time Will not a young man's heart As they say Leap Within him Will any private training Enable him to stand firm against The overwhelming flood of popular opinion From gods Carried away By the stream Will he not have notions of good and evil Which the Public in general Will do as they do And as they are Such Will he be Yes And what will a man such as he is be likely to do under such Circumstances, especially if he be a citizen of the great city, rich And noble, and at all proper youth Will he not be full of boundless Aspirations, and fancy himself able to manage the affairs of Hellenes And of barbarians, and having got such notions into his head will he Not dilate and elevate himself in the fullness of vain pomp and senseless Pride? To be sure he will Now, when he is in this state of mind, if someone gently comes to him Someone gently comes to him, and tells him that he is a fool and must get an understanding, which can only be caught by slaving for it. Do you think that, under such adverse circumstances, he will be easily induced to listen?

Let's read the moon. At Daymanteus, I said, the worthy disciples of philosophy will be but a small remnant, urgent, some noble and well-educated person, detained by exile in her service, who in the absence of corrupting influences, remains devoted to her. or some lofty soul born in a mean city, the politics of which he contemps and neglects. And there may be a gifted few who leave the arts, which they justly despise, and come to her.

Or, peradventure there are some who are restrained by a friend Thayage's bridal. For everything in the life of Thayage's conspired to divert him from philosophy, but ill health kept him away from politics. My own case of the internal sign is hardly worth mentioning. Pirelli, if ever, has such a monitor been given to any other man?

Those who belong to this small class have tasted to how sweet and blessed a possession philosophy is, and have also seen enough of the madness of the multitude. And they know that no politician is honest, nor is there any champion of justice. At whose sight they may fight and be saved, such in one may be compared to a man who has fallen among wild beasts he will not join in the wickedness of his fellows, but neither is he able singly to resist all their fierce natures, and therefore seeing that he would be of no use to the state or to his friends. And reflecting that he would have to throw away his life without doing any good either to himself or others He holds his peace and goes his own way He is like one who, in the storm of dust and sleet which the driving wind hurries along Retires under the shelter of a wall And seeing the rest of mankind full of wickedness He is content, if only he can live his own life and be pure From evil or unrighteousness and depart in peace and goodwill with bright hopes Yes, yes, he said, and he will have done a great work before he departs.

A great work, yes, but not the greatest, unless he find a state suitable to him. For in a state which is suitable to him, he will have a larger growth and be the savior of his country, as well as of himself. The causes why philosophy isn't such an evil name have now been sufficiently explained, the injustice of the charges against her has been shown. Is there anything more which you wish to say?

Nothing, but I should like to know. Which of the governments now existing is in your opinion the one adapted to her? Not any of them, I said. That is precisely the accusation which I bring against and not one of the amaze worthy of the philosophic nature.

And hence that nature is warped and estranged. As the exotic seed, which is soren in the foreign land becomes planetarized, and is wont to be overpowered and to lose itself in the new soil, even so this growth of philosophy, instead of persisting, degenerates and receives another character. But if philosophy ever finds in the state that perfection, the state that perfection, which she herself is, then will be seen as she is in truth divine, and that all other things, whether natures of men or institutions, are but human. And now, I know, that you are going to ask, what that state is, boldly and unhesitatingly I declare, that states should pursue philosophy, not as they do now, but in a different spirit.

It's just the opposite. In childhood and youth their study, and what philosophy they learn, should be suited to their tender years, during this period while they are growing up towards manhood, the chief and special care should be given to their bodies that they may have them to be used in the service of philosophy. As life advances in the intellect, begins to mature, let them increase the gymnastics of the soul. But when the strength of our citizens fails and is passed civil and military, two tears, then let the ranger fall and engage in no serious labor.

As we intend to live happily here, and to crown this life with a similar happiness in another, thing of a time which is not very near. Rather, I replied, of a time which is as nothing in comparison with eternity. Nevertheless, I do not wonder that the many refuse to believe, for they have never seen that of which we are now speaking realized. They have seen only a conventional imitation of philosophy, consisting of words artificially brought together, not like these of us having.

A natural unity, a human being who in word and word is perfectly, The proportion and likeness Choose such a man ruling in a city which bears the same I've never yet seen Neither one nor many of them do you think that Are strangers, he said To the words of which you speak Was what we foresaw And this was the reason why truth forced Us to admit, not without fear and hesitation That neither cities nor States nor individuals will ever attain perfection Until the small Class of philosophers whom we termed useless but not corrupt Are providentially compelled Whether they were or not To take care of the State And until like necessity be laid on the state to obey them Or, until kings, or if not kings, the sons of kings or princes, are divinely inspired with a true love of true philosophy, that either or both of, these alternatives are impossible, I see no reason to affirm, if they were so, we might indeed be just ridiculed as dreamers and visionaries. Am I not right? when moon reader first came out i contacted them and requested them to fix the delay between each line and let's do it a third time final time it's divine tragedy if then in the countless ages of the past or at the present hour in some foreign climb which is far away and beyond dark and the philosopher is or has been or hereafter shall be compelled by a superior power to have the charge of the state, we are ready to assert to the death that this our constitution has been and is yay and will be whenever the muse of philosophy is queen. There is no impossibility in all this that there is a difficulty we acknowledge ourselves.

And here is how I fix it for both of us, Ivory. But attack the multitude, they will change their minds, if in an aggressive spirit, put gently in with the view of soothing the humans removing their dislike of over education, you show. The mythosophers as they really aren't described as you were just. Now doing their character and profession, and then mankind will see that. He of whom you are speaking is not such

as they supposed to favor you. Him in this new light, they will surely change their notion of him, and answer in another strain. Who can be at enmity with one who loves them? Who that is himself gentle and free from him? And they will be jealous of one. And they will be jealous of one, in whom

there is no jealousy. Let me answer for you, that an harsh temper may be found but not in the majority of mankind. I quite agree with you. He said, do you not also think, as I do, that the harsh feeling which they are? Many entertain towards philosophy originates in the pretenders,

who rush, and uninvited, and are always abusing them, and finding fault with them. We make persons instead of things the theme of their conversation. Nothing can be more unbecoming in philosophers than this. It is most unbecoming. A day man twos, whose mind is fixed upon true

being, has surely no time to look down upon the affairs of earth, or to fault with malice, ending against men. His eyes ever directed towards things fixed and immutable, which he sees neither injuring nor injured by one another, but all in order moving according to reason. These he, to these he will, as far as he can, conform himself. Can a man help imitating that with which he holds reverential converse?

Impossible. And the philosopher holding converse with the divine order becomes orderly and divine, as far as the nature of man allows. Like every, he will suffer from detraction.

He said. But how will they? Are the plan of which you are speaking? They will begin by taking the state and the manners of men, from which, as from a tablet, they will rub out the picture, and leave a clean service.

This is no easy task. But whether easy or not, hear the difference between the other legislator, they will have to do either with individual or state, and will inscribe no laws, until they have either found, or themselves made, a clean service. They will be very right, he said. Having effected this, they will proceed to trace an outline of the Constitution.

And when they are filling in the work, as I conceive, they will often turn their eyes upwards and downwards. I mean that they will first look at absolute justice and beauty and temperance, and again at the human. Copy. And will menore and temper the various elements of life into the image of a man.

And this they will conceive according to that other which, when existing among men, Homer calls the form and likeness of God. One feature they will erase, and another they will put in, until they have made the ways of men, as far as possible, agreeable to the ways of God. Will they still be angry at our saying, that, until philosophers bare rule, states and individuals will have no rest from evil, nor will this our imaginary state ever be realized? I think that they will be less angry.

Shall we assume that they are not only less angry, but quite gentle? And that they have been converted and for their shame, if for no other reason, cannot refuse to come to terms.

And when they've come into being will anyone say that they must of necessity be destroyed? That they can hardly be saved is not denied even by us. But that in the whole course of ages no single one of them can escape who will venture to affirm this? Who indeed?

But, said I, what is enough? Let there be one man who has a city obedient to his will, and he might bring into existence the ideal polity about which the world is so incredulous. Yet, I may impose the laws in the institutions which we have been describing, and the citizens may possibly be willing to obey them. Certainly.

He died. There's one more thing I gotta say. Stood in those labors and dangers, and pleasures which we mentioned before, but there is another kind of probation which we did not mention. He must be exercised also in many kinds of knowledge, to see whether the soul will be able to endure the highest of all, or will faint under them, as in any other studies and exercises.

Must be required to take the longer circuit, learning as well as the gymnastics, or he will never reach. The highest knowledge of all which, as we were just now saying, is ace. Proper calling.

Where's your home? Where's your home? Nineteen. Sixteen.

We'll find it. Come on. It's okay. It's dying.

Can't even see it. You're just holding it hooked up. Seeing their angles, but you gotta move around the camera a lot. Tala Paula still didn't get the quote we wanted but everything in good time let's untangle our cross you always have to re-thread our bow I think I lost my shower scene I've been using a 2 gig but this is the new one this should be good consolidating yeah maybe it's on this SD card but my phone's not powerful enough.

I'll wait for it to finish, and then I'll see, so I'll move on to the next one. This is our flag, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo. This is what you should do with the businesses you use. Doo, doo, doo, doo.

But don't worry, because some businesses are worth it. Yay, got more space, high five. You have to be able to pull on my heartstrings the way that I pull on them. That's what I need.

Next pay, next pay. You can see how long it takes one individual to do massive amounts of work. You can also see how long it takes our businesses to do one simple request. Dreaming in digital, thinking in binary.

It's official. It's too slow for my phone. Should've never been released. Wee.

What do I wanna zoom in on? Let me zoom in on him. I found it, I'm good. I hate losing data.

Especially, like, cause this thing sometimes does weird, especially when you pop up that keyboard, I'll show you in a sec, bad interfacing. I'll copy those. I'll figure out where they belong. But, okay, so you see I select this, right?

Let's say I want to pop up that. See, it just unselects it. And then sometimes it'll select two or three, and then that's how I get these. See, I don't know what happened there.

And then also I go to the end here, and you see, I think, I don't think this is all of them. So I think I might have to track back, which I saved most of them here, some of them i haven't so i might have to track back and do some of them again like that's really hard i mean it's it's not all that hard um and and i'm good for the next few days i just got to think of a name for the next productions as they come uh yeah but but it's not good for that to happen so like every time you click that keyboard this reposition see i can never it doesn't matter where i keep my icons because i never know where they are because every time i i do this

you know they reposition and this and with the keyboard as well so you know let's see where let's see where all these ends up let's just play around okay so i got like along there and then then okay so now look where they are and then look oh so they did go back then okay so now we're going here and we're going here and they're back they're back to where they were but then like they're gonna okay so now they all changed to there so that's microsoft it's funny how these things work because i was just concerned about that footage now but if you look here that the date that was the date right there and then we go to 15 just gonna add two videos it will be okay we'll be okay we'll be okay she's gonna work it she's gonna work it I'm showing you how let's work it we'll be fine we'll be fine this is why life is worth living our digital world dreaming in binary I don't really have any drugs left I just have leftovers of drugs which I'm mixing with tobacco and then I'm going to buy alcohol when I get paid when I would much prefer my drugs and this is what our government does because you know stuff like this like the good herb you know that's uh it's not allowed and why was alcohol allowed alcohol is terrible like i'm not saying alcohol shouldn't be allowed like it all depends on the user why are we punishing everybody for the the end user who doesn't know how to use the equipment i'm showing you how to use the equipment and don't punish brilliant people for shit like this otherwise you're gonna burn in hell you're all burning hell anyway I don't give a shit anymore why does the government control substances that help people and force ones that do not upon them okay I want to show you something articles you see this I'm gonna need a way to be more precise you can see how many times I'm clicking things like it is this something I'm doing wrong there we go okay So, then, archive, I see it's not loading, that's my website, well, okay, let's go to articles, archive, okay, so we got articles, I gotta re-release all this stuff because my new website only has the main content. um so we got the march heart of ballarat the march of ignorance yeah the heart of ballarat see this ballarat that i need to so i think it i should have just written it so the march i'll put a space there i can't do spaces of ig march of ignorance here we go read this I'm trying to figure out different ways to hold this camera you can hold your cameras in many many different ways like it's gymnastics of the camera that's what you're doing so this is like a poem type thing I wrote but from running from walking from marching good really marching there you go we're repeating this why why do we never learn we don't we don't have that we don't know what that is we don't know what the words that we use are time to learn some history it's about to repeat in Australia is too stupid to see it they were too stupid the first time and they're gonna be too stupid the second time because this is where we live and let's read Where do you think I was before, at the beginning, where do you think I traveled to at this homeless thing? The beginning of being homeless.

When I walked, I just walked and walked and ended up in Ballarat. Yeah, I just ended up there. I wasn't trying to get here. And of course, you know, this is what happens to prophets.

I knew where I was going. I just didn't know where it was. Let's read, let's figure out how to look at the screen as another set of eyes, let's be able to use all of our senses and be able to control all the devices that we work with at the same time while perceiving them and reading off all of them, let's read off everything, so all the sounds around, you hear all these sounds around that we have, so in the background all the cars, all the people talking, like when I'm on a train and there's black footage and you probably wonder why, like we got to start listening to our environment in every single way possible and carry out a complex conversation while doing all of this too. Right now I'm showing you character and I dare any of your politicians to be able to do this sort of stuff and if they can then i don't know i'll respect i'll respect that i will respect that and and i will and if they can do it then i am happy to defeat them and in a battle that you guys can't even see like if you think i'm trying to get into politics in australia uh you're mistaken there's bigger pictures over your head here that that you're not picking up on um but it doesn't matter because it doesn't require you to pick up on it uh in order for it to work let's look at this you see what i mean okay so here we go being able to keep track of it you guys used to try to talk over my head i mean you all talked over my head and thought it was funny because i didn't understand what you're doing but like you know when you pick up on patterns and you're just a bit slow eventually become really fast so be careful about the people that you bully because they will come back on you and unfortunately Australia didn't check its references they didn't check my references when I was applying for over 11,000 jobs now America did America every single job I've ever applied for in America I got easy because of this brilliant guy like he's gonna pay he's gonna pay throughout my life in australia i have spent countless days just walking around from business to business introducing myself and handing a resume here is my resume fear it i am not asking for a job I am stating the job that I have of ruling over you.

I am only preparing you for what my queen is about to do to you.

It is finished.

Time to charge.

Just as he reached the portals of Hades, in the daylight he turned around to gaze on her face. And because Eurydice had not crossed the threshold, she vanished back into the underworld. When Orpheus later was killed by the Maenads at the orders of Dionysus, his soul ended up in the underworld where he was reunited with Eurydice. Don't look back. She'll be there. Don't look back.

I did not get any birthday presents, so I am going to give myself one, a late one.

I just need to learn the lessons, and I can play any story that I want.

This is how you learn.

When developing user interfaces, the instruction manual should be the product itself.

Do you like my action figures? It's so funny, I was waiting for 6ix9ine for ages and it didn't even do it, it didn't even do it, but it did, it did, if you look at it, it did, but I didn't, I was waiting for it and it went to, because it only updates every so often, and usually it goes through every number, but it didn't go through 6ix9ine, but it did, I didn't realize that. I'll keep all those cuts in so you can see that process, but that's what I do, click click click click and you'll be able to hear the sound being different since we're in a loud place

yeah so so check that out but that's how you how it's so easy because just do it on your camera um so we're making it so you don't need any device except like a phone or something like that so if you just do make sure you if you get a video then you got to put it in but click click on the button and you make a new video so if you're not sure if you want it you don't want to bore people is something that you know isn't going to happen yet then just click click and and you might like there's a small chance that you might miss it but then you can just put the two together and if it's loud people be able to notice um but that doesn't matter it's saving you a lot of time in the long run and saving a lot of people a lot of wasted time too and usually you get it right um but it's funny because i didn't and the thing is i didn't have it clicked it was in the middle of a click when when it went over to 70 so I wouldn't even got that I didn't even get the changeover look at it look at you'll see you'll see but that was interesting do two little things like that like you're cool you can entertain the world do it just remember the numbers so here's the kicker with all of mine and your work is that we're working off two stories so we are uploading this and this is not uploading properly as you can see it's being restarted and I reboot my phone to try to fix it because it kept on restarting at that same point or behind I mean if you look at the footage I think there's something not working right there so so I see like I'm seeing these and going you know I want them to finish but they're not finishing these aren't finishing so that's my immediate world things in my immediate world aren't finishing but then I have to produce my work and what see the tune the tune the tune that I'm trying to show you is that when I try to finish so so then I'm working off the story that I've created for me trying to to crunch these numbers all together and I see these numbers again and again and I'm telling myself so I can remember stuff in the future so i don't have to deal with those problems anymore um but the thing is is that that that by doing this um i then learn deeper meaning behind these numbers um so these numbers keep on popping up in certain areas especially in my life and there's there's so much meaning behind them and i'm just following a trail i'm just following a trail and and it's a divine trail it's an amazing trail and as he says these numbers are important to me right now because I want it to finish and these numbers become important to me later because I say something in a way that I can take in different ways so I'm just saying what's happening but you can take but but then but then you can take those the what what I'm saying can be reflected onto everything so you gotta pick up on this tune and you got to do the same thing so you're working off the story of your life is you know your immediate number one trying to you know we got to work off batteries are our basic necessities which is this is my basic necessities um to exist uh comfortably as comfortably as possible in current society um to so i this is my basic necessities and and outside of that i got this whole online world that i built myself from scratch education from from uh from the republic for i mean from these foundations of the open source like from open source i wanted free software and And then I figured out that I could modify this free software if I understood how the other person did it. And I don't necessarily code a lot myself, but I read code and I go through code all the time and I'm changing code all the time. So I mean, I know how to code, I can code whatever. And I usually just get people, if I've got a project, I'm getting people to do it for me and then I, but the thing is they give me that code and then I look at what they've done and then I learn what they've done and then I can use what they've done and I can fix what they've done and then I learn how to do it just like I did HTML. So it's constant learning

and learning and learning and these numbers become important to me later because I see patterns because I'm documenting these numbers because I want them to finish and I want to learn the lessons that the reasons why they didn't finish so how I can fix it. Like once I get a dedicated server I'll fix it all because I'll just be on the cloud entirely once they fix my issue. uh so that's that's how that's the tune that's the tune that's the body that's the the rotation of of the universe which like get get get these programs get get the sky maps as well like like this is what you need this is how you need to think you need to think in this in this tune and once you sync it right then uh then everything in your life will come together perfectly i love Thank you so much. I'll find you, I'm gonna find you girl, I'm gonna find you girl.

Barbed wire fences. It's called society. In particular, Australian society. You see what I did with the fuzz though?

Who shall we choose? I should know the names of these guys, I should learn the names. I'm weird, I don't even know the Beatles that well. I'll see like a second, you know, if I just have a full time, it's alright, you know, we're sitting there.

I'll make sure she gets through. Let's go charge for real this time. I'm telling you lessons that I learn, which then reinforces my own character because I have to then produce those lessons, and then I look at those lessons in different ways. I just figured out that I'm really awesome with this camera.

It's time. It's for you, girl. So sometimes you get that twist because I didn't think about it when I did that. I'll get better at it, but I gotta be alone to do this.

I know it's coming. Okay. Okay, so they asked for it. Alright.

Alright. Hey, I'm looking into this vision, which is looking into this vision. um just get the picture so that's the sort of things we can do because I'm trying to shine the light on this. See the shadow? I don't want to close my eyes on it, looking down.

It's a real reason. I want it here. We'll find the best one and send it. That one. Which one is it?

I'll just email it to myself. I'll be the easiest way to get it. oh yeah say my badge yeah it's there yeah do you like our action figures okay so it's saying this need to be able to receive HTML formatted emails from eBay this can be changed in the communication preferences in the account settings in my eBay okay so my eBay and we go to account and it's communication settings all right so then we zoom in and see communication preferences this is only like this isn't telling me anything so I'm in the account communication preferences how I want to notify by delivery I don't know that's not it member communication when to be notified see these are all when to be notified buyer and it's a notifications of buyers say so these are all notifications here notifications notifications it's not that I just want to be able to do HTML general preferences how receive account notifications notifications edit my notifications of feedback notification preferences like no like what is this I understand I just want to be able to read attach a photo because this person's saying they need a photo I don't know where to go that's eBay learn your ABCs because businesses always have to go between the buyer and the seller to make a profit there's no way that I can just send them an email I will have to deal with this later because i have to watch this rank you gotta riot here's the point where they noticed me let's get everybody away i just wanted to make something clear here here i say oh you know that homeless guy and i was talking about pedophilia i wasn't saying that homeless guy was a pedophile or anything like that i was saying that he was a witness to some of the stuff that uh that i've The thing is, it's all disconnected, it's all disconnected, but that's the only way... It will all be connected.

It does that, and then look, see? So I gotta go back, and then, like, it's, see, it's really bad. I don't want that. I want 20, 30, 31, yeah, so let's go there.

And then, then that thing won't come, like, see, why is it paused? Is it, is it lighting? We'll find out. Should I pause it?

I don't know. What am I doing? I'll go there and then go back. Get this.

To the side. It's not. It's confused. There we go.

Now we got 26, 36. Then we go back to the beginning. Then we come back to 26, 36. We didn't want to be there.

Let's see if we can get back to where you were, man, that'll work, and that'll load, if it was going to load, just keep it loads, and did. That is, it's a bit odd, I'm out here on the streets, and I'm, I'm a child, I mean, living, I mean, look at everything, I'm such a child, I am the biggest child in the world, um, but I'm not getting looked at, because my age doesn't reflect the number system, it's all numbers came you know do you even think they really know who i am they're not concerned they didn't they didn't care they didn't care about anything they weren't thinking um they don't think they're working on off a system and and uh interested parties tuned in with episode three

one more take at this but at the end of the day we will stop crying and start fighting I love you most that have been rejected, that have been abandoned, that have no one, so it will be you that I give what life I have left, everything, I love you, battery's about production after production after production 33 seconds later number two is your future number two is your life on the internet do your worst to him babe he will require to grow accustomed to the sight of the other world and first he will see the shadows best next the reflections of men and other objects in the water and then the objects themselves then he will gaze upon the light of the moon and the stars in the Spangled and he will see the sky and the stars by night better than the sun or the light of the sun by day? Certainly. For all he will be able to see the sun, and not mere reflections of him in the water, but he will see him in his own proper place, and not in another. He will contemplate him as he is. Certainly. He will

argue that this is who gives the season and the years, and his thought that is in the visible world, and in a certain way the cause of all things which he and his fellows have.

I can read really, really, really, really fast now due to this open source method of education save the world the persons seeing that as no consent to be her protectors enter in and dishonor her as you say hire a brother's utter who affirm of her votaries that some are good persons who are unworthy of education approach philosophy and in the rank above them what sort of ideas and opinions are likely to be generated will they not be sophisms evading to the ear having nothing in them genuine or some noble and well edge of service who in sense of corrupting If then, in the countless ages of the past, or at the present hour, in some foreign clime, which is far away and beyond our kin, the perfected philosopher is or has been, or hereafter shall be, compelled by a superior power to have charge of the state, we are ready to assert to the death that this our constitution has been and is yay and will be whenever the muse of philosophy is queen there is no impossibility in all this that there is a difficulty we acknowledge ourselves if i am elected prime minister i will shut down all of education facilities by that being the first order of business this will give us a lot of money to spend on everything else the stuff we need school is not daycare I will shut down the sky fire which will free a lot of money to help homelessness I will legalize assisted suicide I will abolish involuntary Voluntary treatment for those who are not a threat to others. I will legalize marijuana and conduct a full-scale investigation into the benefits of legal synthetic drugs. I will try my best to remove all corrupt politicians Which is all of them. I will put a lot of funding into into encouraging sole traders to replace our businesses i will also spend a lot of funding to enable sole traders small businesses and medium businesses to replace all of the structures in which the government erects over time your taxes will go down as we learn to ethically do business together and all benefit from it and over more time you will have no taxes, or government. We will regulate each other because we will become ethical beings.

I am unable to find the quote that I wanted to share with you, so I will make my own. The real philosopher will gain their power by showing people who he or she is. The real Because the real philosopher will not compromise.

Put it back on auto.

I wish I had a camera that this was easier. This is all I could afford. Because you guys don't give me employment.

Number two is me and you.

And we're about to take over the world.

I'm closing before it goes fuzzy. Oh, not failed.

See, it's really easy. you can just tell see we passed out from all the work we did and then and then bang so just go to shift just hold shift and then pass out time is there see right there you can even click you know hold shift there you go to the top one which you got from the last episode hold shift click on to there and take shift off if you're using a software keyboard to copy it and then go here and just paste that in most people are uncomfortable talking to me because nothing that I do is about money that's called alienation check out how many tails that's the head I'm just going to explain this scene from this video so you see there's no taskbar or anything there this is uh vnc attempted to be used on on this tablet so i'm trying to access this tablet from the phone like ultimately uh thinking about battery life and if i could somehow turn off the screen then that would be very beneficial to me weaving divine manifestations Foundations. Command it. It's a divine tragedy.

Sacred Fire Dojo has that now. So you're welcome to look them up. But I made that for them. It's cool. I like it.

Look up that. You'll learn meaning. So I put paint around the edges of a glass. And then I stomped it.

And then I carefully twisted it around. much more carefully than I am doing now then I drew dots everywhere very carefully no no no I painted black black black black all is black black that took ages that was the bulk of the job is to to color that in black in painting and I had to get the edges and stuff like that to make it look nice and and then it's kind of portable it was only like this big huh all right which is kind of the sizes that I like because I'm a traveler and that's you know good artwork for me I like that's that's like real size that's that is this real size really like it coming tomorrow let's watch it doesn't matter what I'm saying sorry these things are everywhere open your eyes world be something good do you see this is how we educate people it's the liar it's how every single application should be made because when the applications allow the people to make the application itself intuitively within the application then then we free society. Oh, always the time. And it's free downloads.

Don't even have to worry about pirating. You see how skilled I am at this? I'm quick drawing. This is really cool.

Living like this allows me to, over time, tell all of my secrets. I don't have secrets like this. Okay, so, okay. and not only secrets like things that that are complicated structures within the backgrounds of these productions you're getting so things that you might not know um about my past because i've lived a very very crazy life um but here here's okay let's look at the cross um and if you can see so this was done by angel angel was her name and she's a beautiful artist but she she tattooed too deep and it scarred it i mean it worked out awesome how how it happened but what happened the first the first thing is she put it on backwards so she made it and everything um and she like she drew this and she's really good she drew it really good and um and then she put it on but when she put it on it went backwards and she said she didn't even know how that happened like she thought about it later and she just didn't know how it happened but okay let's find it there's a heart in here i'll find it later through this footage but if you look at it very carefully there's a heart that was on backwards um uh because i gotta remember it all uh because there's meaning there's meaning behind this contemplate that meaning and and so what happened is now now it's all black because it didn't turn out well um so i got it all black but what happened is where all that was done is all the skin's raised all of it's raised all it's raised so you can feel it it's kind of cool i mean i wasn't happy with that first but i think you know what happened that's that's really awesome like every single tattoo is all perfect everything's always perfect everything that happens happens for a reason before I took a philosophy test and passed with a really controversial essay just passed hey it was about love and and how they weren't doing it and stuff and and how they were kind of robots but it was on the fly like if you can think like all All my essays are so awesome because they're very, very deep, very, very, very deep, and I always did this, but they didn't like what I was saying, and they tell me that straight.

But that was a very good essay, and now that I have this, I'll remember that essay, and I'll continue to include those in my thoughts because things like that you forget. forget what you said and there's a lot of meaning behind that because they're all I got to do is download the previous exam see all of these units all of these exams that I put I made really awesome essays for in the exam you know that's on the fly that that I didn't get good grades for but they were still really awesome you know I can go back to those just by downloading the old exams and and because they're all very similar questions very very similar questions that's how they get you to study at university because they give you an exam they give you all the past exams and and then the exam you're gonna take is just slightly different from that it's a stupid method of education like all our education I don't even really like Limp Bizkit nor did I ever but I thought it was a cool shirt I like the colors it was cool this kind of learning is extremely extremely effective okay so here's another trick we add these to our video converter and then we just look here we just make sure there's no like 26-hour things going on because that's what stuffs us up so we're just looking looking like we don't see anything and plus if you miss it you can go like so if you go like that if you expand it a little bit or something you can then look back at the footage if you really want is if you if the touch thing's not working right but we need to get the pointer fixed on this like the pointer it's just really stupid you see it you see it you see all the problems that i Okay, so we just got to merge it into one file. We know our settings are saved as that, so we're good.

I want you to realize that I have many thoughts on these numbers, but this production is leading me in a very specific direction.

We can talk in great detail in the future about what these numbers might mean, but as for now number two is the life that you are about to live it is the life that you are working on right now to achieve it is the life that will kick in as soon as the complexities of your current actions unfold it is the life of your dreams Thank you.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-23-American-Spirit

Telling you I don't plan this my body's tuned in with these things Just wake up Everything is working out perfectly Yeah

Buy in time Okay, so see I got episode You'll see Okay, so We got one two three um 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 then we got this one uh so 12 and 13 they're gone they're gone uh and these these aren't them this that's that's why i just copied because i need i need to figure out what that is okay so 12 and 13 are gone but you see i kept 12 there and 13 there um the reason that happened was because you click it you know so you click it like you click something like that and it's selected and i don't see it well what happens see i click that and then it keeps one selected and i don't see it and i do like that and it takes both like i don't know how it works like and then I delete one and it deletes all of them and and it doesn't even didn't even ask me like if it's a certain size I don't know it just doesn't even ask me if it's in like if I if I want to permanently delete it so I got to redo those two so we'll start with 12 in low disk space if you haven't noticed so I need to go here and see I got all got all these I hate I hate deleting so I'll do it I shouldn't do this on camera I really shouldn't delete on camera but you see look this bad but but see this This is where everything is. And one, two, three, four. So let's get rid of one, two, three, four. Four, and I'm gonna have one there.

Okay, so, and that might be one. I gotta check that to make sure. Okay, so, one, two, two, three, four. Okay, delete that.

I see I deleted it, and I've checked all these. These aren't the 803. 1-8-0-3, let me, oh yeah, that's corrupt, that's what I did, that didn't work, I don't know why that didn't work, see, see, not working, don't know why, I gotta fix it, but we'll get rid, rid of that, so now we got space, um, and we can do this, make sure the settings the right yeah yeah merge it do do do play with your heart play with your heart bling you see it does that stupid thing like at least i can do it and then we have this one make sure that okay so this one right here it's 488 1150 which one's 1150 make sure it's not what we just did one no it's not so it's 13 i think is it one one five zero yeah so we got episode 13 it's just 12 that went missing so and we got to do the one we just did so um yeah see i'm paranoid see like i copied it but one one five zero like i had to check things again and again oh i just deleted See how it selects that, like, I don't know, this is the way I should have done it, 1-1-5-0, that's 13, 14, 13, 1-1-5-0, that's 13, 1-1-5-0, there we go. Alright, so we'll get that copied across, but I gotta watch that one.

Everything repeats.

I'm not going to change it there because it'll not sync up properly, but I'll change it later. After it finishes thinking I'm gonna show you something else too. She is coming in the clouds and

every eye shall see Even the ones who pierce through and they will bow You see I made a mistake That's episode six So I'm glad I caught that so rename

Rename. I just renamed it episode six. I gotta do that later um but so stupid so stupid doing things like the slow way ooh see messing up messing up what I do then rename ctrl c and then see I messed it up I'm not sure how I did that but uh

we gotta work hard for this you know what I mean episode 5 and these look similar like they look the same screenshot what's up with that yeah that's it that's it this one's not i wonder why they use the same screenshot yeah that's good so that's that's why i got confused on the two because it wasn't doing the right screenshot okay so come back over here and we got right there so let's do it yeah boom boom wait for it wait for it we're ready okay so we're almost done with this guy right here uh we'll just put him in our bag afterwards but you see um this is significant because he finished at 315 and that was the end of that usb drive because it was that's it um So we still have this one to do now, so that would be our next step. We had a few files on there that we needed to get off for the other ones, but we haven't used that one much except for copying the stuff that we've done since this day right here. So, I'll only have one of those soon, which will be good, like, get the data off you, get it on the cloud, get it on the cloud, you'll be fine. Okay, so from the second one, we go from here, which you can see, that's where we left off, and then, going down, going down, going down, we're always going down, and then right there we see the, from one, two, three, we got it, control C, and we're here, that's not where Alright, here it is. C17. That's what we just pasted.

Now, paste that. There we go. Alright, so we got it. And then we just got it because there's frames and us messing up.

We should always check it anyway. But this doesn't work very good. The server's not very good. But it'll tell us.

be able to find out very very soon yeah there we go that's it okay so we got that 3413 and see it doesn't respond very well so you gotta use shortcuts learn learn the keyboard

see there we go shortcut used and it worked but it wouldn't work from clicking oh oh did it again

okay you see what you see what i'm doing and it just like does other things see look did it again tab why is it doing that here let's close that w okay there we go okay so episode five there you go scroll up here get the keyboard out again come up here expand it Let's pull down just a little bit, it'll let us, dun dun, dun, dun, space, good. All this is done, and we gotta check this episode out that just finished, it's 12, you see 12, it was 1052, 1052, right here, and just make sure it got off. still didn't get it all so I got to work it out but that's cool maybe it did it might might be good yeah it's a vine I don't know we'll find out we're good it was just a short production actors in LA you're embarrassing yourselves yeah I guess we go here change it so you can't even see see how stupid was that like does it not know that I'm trying to rename it so it's like putting that in front like look that's so stupid let's do that okay so it's episode 1 it was 10 because that's why I had that copy but let's put it uh 2 and let's uh cut that and then let's close this close that and then put it end to end actually we won't put it in we'll put it into not here but we can close that take this out because we copied what we needed that's now that's our one that we've got to keep keep keeping good condition too and then we got this one right here so that's that's the SD card and that's copying now so we got on On there we got 14, 13, so 14, 15, 15. We got 14 items, we got one copying.

So, we're good. Yay. Now let's finish this one right now. Not sure what happened to the one we did last night.

It's gone. So, gotta do that again. Gotta do a lot of stuff again. But keep the files, like if you don't have the production at then keep these files because those are all good the ones on here aren't necessarily good because there's some crap files on there but ultimately you just want to do everything on your camera and I'm behind and that's the only reason I'm not doing it but and this should be done on the cloud so so you can sync your SD card that's straight from your camera with this media sync application or a type of application like that because there's going to be soon there's going to be a lot of types of applications like that so do that do that and then and then all these files will be on your Dropbox account and then you'll get this little drop box and don't necessarily it's not necessarily Dropbox that you have to do I don't know where it is I closed it and it's installed no no I just removed it on this because I don't need it on this right now um but but that will be synced with the server um it's it's installed on the server so it'll be synced with the server and then and then uh you'll get all those files and then see this this right here will be all be on the server so you'll be working on the server so then you can just you know do that and uh to be honest here this is a lesson that I learned see it's doing like like there's no dot zeros or whatever i'm not sure where the other file went but here is the lesson that i learned is that you should name them like i would save so much time like i wouldn't have these problems if i named them and moved them right after i did them but i just got so overloaded with work and you shouldn't have that problem is what i'm giving you now you you should know how to do it all. Life. Life. Love. Okay, so then take it out. You know, like I always do

the wrong thing first. I always do that. I have to do the wrong thing. Like that's just, I don't know.

Put it in. Help my friend. Help my friend. I don't know what it is. It's all right. I'm going to show you the

entire thing so you won't have any excuse if you don't know how to deal with it. Alright, uh, uh, I had to wait for it to turn off if it vibrates when it turns off. You just gotta make sure that you have a smart device, uh, you have a smart device and you're all good. Um, it shouldn't matter what smart device.

I don't think a Blackberry, I don't know, I don't like Blackberries, they're not very good. Oh, I gotta charge this camera, five minutes left on camera. And don't be afraid to get good hardware too, like if you can get hardware that makes it easier than this cloud thing that I'm showing and it works fine for you, then do that. Just make sure your data gets on the cloud because that's the thing, you know, and you gotta keep running, keep running because there's a lot of footage that you're gonna have that people are gonna want to kill you or like there is there is it's the same with me okay it's there right there i'm right here you know you don't have to load it it'll load up itself um let's say stuff like that because we're not logged in properly or not known yet yeah because the internet wasn't working yet that's okay um you see it's doing it now like i don't even have to load that like it'll just take a little bit more time but eventually this thing will pop out this thing right here but see it popped up before anyway we need a scanning so it's looking for all those new files that I have in there and and then after does that this thing is gonna be scanning which is doing and then there we go so easy even a child can do it so easy even you can do it three minutes left on camera but those photos aren't anywhere here so that feature doesn't work right and it never did never did I couldn't find out how to get the direct image file from Picasso so I'm going to do it from there so just copy that to the clipboard copy and then go over to my eBay here and then come over here and and i'll just paste it paste it and let's make this that's where let's go here let's make sure that's working so control oops it doesn't matter if you control c on nothing because it won't do anything um yeah so make sure that loads and it does that's good so then we just uh send that it takes ages to get the things you need but once you get the things you need you sort it out Because you've got special needs, you've just got to find the things you need.

You'll be good.

Is there a picture?

It's always a question.

Is there a picture?

Same.

Don't advertise during the upload stages. Be happy if hardly anyone or no one watches your videos during this stage. Because you've got to get all your material online. Because you've taken risks.

And you're going to be scared if it's not in the clouds. so you got to appreciate that people aren't really watching your stuff because we already know the long-term results of our work. Don't worry about the short term. How many people does flying a helicopter over a city or town affect? How ethical is flying a helicopter

like this like shouldn't we use these things for like emergency situations it's dead gotta go charge why are there so many emergency situations within our society why does our government force these interruptions upon its people on a day-to-day basis why does our government it not leave its people in peace. This method is much better than video editing. You don't ever have to worry about video editing. The core was tricky, but now let us run home. But

remember that you have the entire day to get it right. I'll switch on. Are you starting to get the picture. Apollo's coming out. Crossing the T's and dotting the I's. You can divide

a video and then delete the last part and that won't mess up the ordering. So if you go on too long then you just got to make sure you pause and then you got to wait for after the pause. See like there I paused and then you got to wait a significant like you know second after you pause before you divide it otherwise it'll it'll cut the it'll cut you off when you're speaking it's it's not good like when you pause if you pause it right after you speak you gotta wait like a second afterwards so then wait and then and then that way that that way if you do that if you do that then you can delete like in footage that you don't want but but you can't keep that in footage because it'll mess up the ordering so just remember that and if that footage is very important to you and you really want to divide it up as many times as you want be careful when you do it because this you gotta you gotta do it in a pause but you can do that the only thing that you have to consider is that you're gonna have to come back to those file names and then rename them so they stay in order because otherwise they won't it just takes more time because in order to gain everything one must first lose everything and we must find closure within our past from those who have hurt us whether or not they be family in the third time we will get it right

uh-huh number three is your past work which will teach you the lessons for both one and two unravel it carefully this is what will guide your actions businesses that connect the buyer with the seller should provide their contact information not through their web page real contact but our businesses do this so then they can censor you and then take away your account and then remove all the records that incriminate them when individuals no longer have control or access to their own interactions then this is what we call oppression this is This is how we should clean it, this is where we should put it. When businesses make a profit off of their customers, then they should appreciate those customers. When the point of sale is the only interest of the business, that business should be shut down. When businesses only care about the dollar in the customer's pocket, they will be shed.

When customers get used to that and don't do anything about it, they too will be shed. Because every day is a new adventure. Do you understand? I will now show you the world that we live in.

It'll go on forever and ever. Most of it's scams. Very urgent. It's urgent.

It's really urgent. This show will remain without a dedication until your name can go on it. Number three enables us to speak not through our words but through our actions. I try to make all businesses look good but they don't make themselves look good.

I just want everything to work and if that happened and if our businesses cared they would look good. Number three is responsible for your brilliance. Respect it. It is the arrow that shoots from your past into your present.

And as it flies, it will one day strike your future. And depending on the bow, ammunition, and skills acquired will determine whether or not you hit your target 25 frames per second baby give me five do you use 29 because here in Australia we do not reward people through merit but social order this is your heart and when you are unable to perform a nine-to-five job because of your sleep problems we will force you into homelessness because when When people are mentally ill-equipped to do what we say, we will oppress them. We will encourage them to commit suicide. The ripple has started, hold your breath, and swim to the other side.

Prometheus has risen. Get off your rock. Because you have just earned Zeus's favor, and the vultures now obey you. Tick, tick, tick, tick, tick.

Asylum seekers or refugees resettled in Papua New Guinea as well, so not only processed, but resettled. So we're still waiting on confirmation of that. One of the other things we've had confirmed overnight from Indonesia, Kim, is that the there is going to close down visas on arrival for Iranian asylum seekers of course to Indonesia is the transit country people flying from the Middle East have a visa and then get on boats to Australia so that is that is going to be closed down by the Indonesian government and the government here is hoping that that will help stem the the influx of refugees or asylum seekers from the Middle East, or at least, at the moment. Here in Australia, we put geniuses on disability and then spit on the ground they walk.

We reject their brilliant business ideas that will help all of the world.

We lock them up in psychiatric wards and force medications upon them that make them feel horrible.

When they try to fix the problems that they experience, we will laugh at them.

But before we again get started, I will show you who I am. I also want to be frank with everybody by saying the implementation of this arrangement will not be inexpensive. Acting on such a sustained challenge to border security does cost. There will be those both in PNG in Australia who will seek to attack this arrangement through the courts.

to why we have been as careful as we can in constructing an arrangement which is mindful that the earlier conditions are not the course. 6, 6, 6, in fact, it is more probable people smugglers will try and test our resolve for the period ahead. It's important, however, to look at this. It's important.

How many that will need to be taken for the future? This is not a three-word slogan. This is a piece of hard-holding policy, which we are working through cooperatively within our region, and which must now be informed, and we must do so calmly, rationally, and with a result. By worshipping the devil.

I am the devil's worst human enemy. It can be played like any other liar.

It lost its tune.

See my mouth? Eh, eh. Let us feast off the rewards that we have built for ourselves in heaven, in this life. Let's do it.

It goes so fast, so fast. But you got a camera that only needs light, so you can easily catch it. Close it, always. See, that's all you have to do.

All of the applications that I taught in the past, even though I found better methods to do it, It's still very relevant because it teaches you how audio and video work on the first cut I do not worry so much about the details that I left myself because I will study them flip it What day were you born? What day was I born?

I already did it See girl character it repeats it repeats character in Australia we let the people who are alone in this life starve we spend a lot of money but never implement change that will benefit the populace we just kind of dilly-dally our feet we might talk big but that's only around election time to get your votes to see which elites will run our country personalize everything and sure make it here we are proud to be multicultural but none of us can get along in Australia in order to be employed you must feel that they are doing you a favor just use the camera it's your friend they increased the temperature over time until we were boiling but we don't realize just frogs we have it in our hands but just do not know how to use it and have a vegetarian option don't force people to eat meat is it getting clear I found out that the day after he tried to throw her off the bridge of trash always got to go back to the beginning until we get it right catch it always gotta wait for it to happen three takes time to work let's work it this is bad interfacing like it changes where you are when you pop the keyboard up that's Microsoft do you understand your ivory number three is the chalkboard of the internet in which you can manipulate in any way that you want But be careful how you manipulate it, because it will end up manipulating you. Tools such as cameras are the chalk, and tools such as Tony Abbott and Kevin Rudd are its wrapping. Do you realize that we're almost done here, my love? And we must always go back to our origin.

The Absurd is your friend, because it gives you an unlimited amount of content. When people are cruel to you, you know that you're doing the right thing.

Twist, push down. You are a passionate philosopher searching for meaning and greater understanding in a world where these topics are overlooked.

Only ever finding the absurd.

16 and 17 went walkabout, so I'm going to look for them for a little bit longer, but i'm gonna have to uh just redo them but i have them because i haven't deleted the ones that i wasn't sure of but i have them right there and right there so we're good i select to delete something and other things are selected and i'm unaware of that and then i delete it it doesn't ask me or anything it just does it so this is my complaint dear ivory special people like you and I sometimes don't get the opportunity to sleep you need to be okay with this train your body train your mind train your spirit I would just like to mention that my phone charger you know that one that plugs into here that was stolen which means that i only have one port to plug into and this just died because of that which is bad because i'm uploading oh that wasn't even plugged in a hell right on with our and that phone charger had my original battery those batteries are crap it was right here think it probably would have been okay if it wasn't the original battery that was in there it said Samsung so a lot of it's a lot of Samsungs because when Australians see something that could be beneficial to them they then look around to see whether anybody will notice them taking it whether or not they can get away with it and it's not at all the money but trying to find an address that I could get it sent to and then waiting the three to four weeks sometimes up to six weeks for it to come these are wet and that means this inverter is useless to me but that is okay because eventually I will get something to replace it until that gets stolen but that's the circle of life in Australian society because the badges that we earn will always stay with us see also find the tune girl that's all you gotta do just sink sink up sink I never have problems again. You just gotta sync. I'm not doing it. You won't be doing it. This

doesn't. We just gotta be good warriors of it. This is how you add a user, Dear Ivory. You right-click on my computer and then you're gonna manage and then you go to local users and groups there and then you go you can double click it or you You can go to users, it doesn't matter, you can just go to users there.

And then you just right click there, and you're going to go to user, then I'm going to put my username in, it's best to put lowercase, really with windows you can put uppercase as your first, but I don't know, I like to stick to the linux standards, and you don't do uppercase, so don't do uppercase for the username, but I don't want to put anything there and I'll just put my password there and take that off because you're the administrator and then put that on. Password never expires. You can change it whenever you want because you know you need to change it. It's really depending on your productions. But see I was

holding it. It kind of falls down. But you can change it. You change it depending on on what you're doing and what you release because when you release something that has information in it then uh then you gotta change it afterwards so just add that and i'll come back showing you more so now you have your beautiful name there that i can't wait to learn i wonder what it means you gotta tell me what it means you gotta tell me what it means not like i probably know what it means but you gotta tell me what it means you just go on properties there. Plus your definition will be much more advanced than any other definitions of your

name. We go there and we go to member of, member of, just add only member of the users.

First we want to make you an administrator, admin, administrator, mentor. You're going to check names. That's how you do it because it'll correct you. It'll say it's not there but it's not there but like like that administrator isn't because i think i need administrators see i mean check name administrators now it looks like it's working so we got it and we go okay so now you are the admin of the world but you also need to remotely work on the world because the world won't accept you face to face so then you got to go remote see if we can get it remote you're gonna do it found remote I think it's remote desktops I'll show you another way so if you don't know the name of it just cancelled so so we're in an administrator right now like if you remember the name of the remote desktop group then you can put it there but so it's okay okay groups here this time see how we were in users before now we'll go to groups the reason why this is slow is because it's something easy we'll sort that out soon with some better remote software so you see these are all the groups so what we want to do see the administrators group is what we just added to but you see this remote desktop users I don't remember the exact name of it but but that'd be kind of annoying to put in anyway we got it here and all we got to do is add so we'll just then you put in ivory your check name it said not found w-e-n-d-e-l-l cannot be found

you can do it it'll it'll work if you just play this is your playground this is number three and I've done it the other way before like so I know it works I don't know why it didn't pick my name up though didn't pick my name up because I put three L's in my name let me fix that I gotta delete this user but I can just show you how to delete a user too like seriously I can show you everything I do it's like tutorials it's really really good information I'm teaching you way better way more than any school that I've ever ever been to I'm giving it all to you for free as a result it gives it to the entire world for free but most people won't realize most people won't realize it's alright it's alright eventually they will so this time let's not put three else the three window window why is it said like window window window okay gotta put password answer goodbye okay so I thought I would show you where it didn't work before because I didn't put three L's just show you that it works and I'll show you more on this you should know this computer management screen it's good the stuff that windows 2012 has in it isn't good and it slows down everything just computer management things what you need just use windows for you know its operating system all the built-in server stuff is scrap like all the all the Active Directory it's not good it's not good so you know you got your disk management that's something you need to know I mean that's just storage like the more you play the more you'll learn but you see so we got a hundred fifty gigabyte hard drive which is you know a lot which is good these are your services running you like I'll probably go through here and secure turn off what I don't need a lot of stuff you pretty much if you have problems and you google something you know it'll tell you go in here and start and stop the service and and this is where you do it to see it you can like right-click on it yes you stop and start and restart and stuff like that that's how that works but the device manager is here too which you can get there a few other ways but That has all the drivers, so we can see this PCI device. I don't know what that is. It's not installing. But we got sound controllers, which is awesome.

But that's that. The event viewer will tell you, like, if your server crashes or something, and you're not sure why, and you want to fix it, and not just wipe it like I do. That will tell you what happened to cause that. especially it shouldn't have been having like the 2012 server was crap and to be honest i don't think it was these burst guys i think i was just being mean but we'll find out because i had a 2003 server before you saw it so we got chrome here but i'll show you one other thing that's important before we go on to crazy stuff and start right click on my computer again except we're not going manage we're going properties this time so we have properties okay you see that tells you what it is

and you can see there yay now let's make it work for us so at this point you could always go to remote desktop connection right there and then you could log in to the server that way but if you did that you wouldn't be getting all the benefits of this right here that we're about to use because this is really fast and works really cool so we'll do the automatic setup for that we'll get it that's what we want is remote desktop because of this audio streaming and then we get next yeah it does it done and then we just enter our Google credentials and then we can log in with this guy so we're done we're done with this so we gotta do is log off let's log off because this is you can see like we just started we just uh we just this is a new computer and if you look see administrator and you don't want to log on you don't want to log on with administrator you want to uh log on with your user account because there's security issues um if you log on with administrator so that's what we do and i'll show you we'll go to my phone now so it's now time to jump now we can see that we don't have it there well there it is see it just popped up so we just go bang choo choo choo choo then we go to the clouds bang and see how it's administrator there we just got to put our username and password so now we're in our comfort zone and we can download virtual box from the oracle let me just save and we can close it we don't need that page open anymore then we go debian getting debian because we want to get it get and we want a small installation image because we have the aptitude to install just the things we need so we'll just do a small cd for see we can we can get precision here you know with that little dot thing so small cds is right here and i guess we'll do i386 because that's all we need i'm gonna save it

because there's 32-bit and 64-bit and see these are all different cpus um yeah and the 64-bit it's that one right there, the AMB64, so we're getting, see we're downloading it right there, and we're downloading it right there, burst isn't as fast as direct space, but it doesn't matter, it's still fast, it still works, so we got virtual box now, see what I mean, see what I mean, you see you saw how fast direct space could upload a YouTube video it's mainly the uploading I guess or it's probably just to YouTube I don't know it's like bang we want to run you know we don't need this page anymore we don't really need this browser And we wait for Oracle, and it'll pop up. And we just install that, and I guess I'll show you a screenshot. So, it's going. It's just a net.

I won't even show you. Maybe I'll show you a little bit. But it's just, you know, it's just like next, next, next there. See, that's what I'll show you.

I'll just show you. It's really, it's really fast. I'll show you. okay so it's just yeah whatever it doesn't matter here here see see that e right click on that e and then go delete right click on the e yeah you do do that see with the installation now let's go defaults are good usually see now we don't have the e and see that over there you want to double click that double clicks a bit funny with this thing i don't know what's up with it but just install that yeah that's gone oh yeah so that's that's installing updates now and uh yeah that'll pop up a few times um because it's installing all the drivers that it needs so that's that step done i gotta charge this camera so now we go to new and we got to name it so we will name it venus because we worked out something else and i this is all going to venus we no longer need a windows vps because we're not doing what we used to be doing but let's make that linux and let's change that to debbie okay and we gotta going back here so that's what we want oh we gotta don't want to use capitals this is lowercase the other way okay so go next and see it says that mount but we got a lot of RAM so we'll give it we'll give it 1024 come on and get this keyboard going out yeah yeah okay so go back yeah there we go 1024 that's what we got 1024 megabytes of ram create yeah we do want to create a hard drive because it wouldn't work without a hard drive we recommend it's 8 gig but we're going to do something a bit special and that's fine that's fine we will want it dynamically allocated that means that it starts off small like how much ever you use and the because it's going to be one file it's going to be one file which is what why we're doing this we're saying eight gigs so we're going to change that to one zero zero so we're now using 100 gigabytes and we want to create that that leaves us 50 gigabytes for this machine which this machine is going to be the the converter and see this machine nothing it doesn't matter what happens to it because it's only for working it's only for working it's it's this venus machine that's going to be important and that's why we put it in this thing because we can just if you look let's see I right click on it and I can't do it now cuz it's it's loading they see I can just clone you see the sheep I just clone it and then upload it somewhere and then move it I mean you can just move it around let's just go okay yeah and we got now that Debian thing we downloaded yes this is how we do it okay so it was in the downloads if we can find it let's see it's right there see sometimes I mean there's this is the only problem see I can't double click it it'll do that but the fixes see down here you gotta enter but this they'll be fixed I bet eventually oh it's not even in that downloads is it let's try this we'll go here and we gotta go to okay this is good that you're gonna see this because this is where all your stuff is kept so you did that again you got to use enter enter and you go into okay so that didn't work so we got to do it again it's not coming up I'll show you how we can do that finger there and you gotta go to downloads here which is right here and you see it failed unknown reason let's try again it's only small shouldn't take too long save and we'll cross our fingers so putty is the application that will connect to our server and uh there's a few see the binaries binaries means it's compiled source means you have to compile it so we want the binaries because we don't want to compile um binaries are a good much of the time and let it like source is good if you want to edit it the binary should be good like it's a good company it's a good product it should do it but you see there's a few different ones let's find it see there's a zip file and you can get just the normal putty putty.exe but we don't want that i'll show you what see the windows installer is what we want because it installs it system wide that's good look at that now come down that's already down So let me just install that.

Get it. Next. And here it comes. A readme.

Yes. Close. And that's the image we're waiting on. So we're doing good.

Then we'll get pzips so we can work with files that are compressed. It'll start. And then we got to get clam antivirus. We need antivirus software.

Uh, so we gotta make sure we're protected all the time. Protected all the time. This is how you protect yourself. And then it freezes up and doesn't do anything.

Even when you disconnect and connect again. If the mouse pointer annoys you, you can turn it off like I just did. It's still not working. Uh, it's because I'm charging.

It's gonna work now. But that's screwed up because now I can't charge, let me download it. It's dying. See?

And it's charged. We'll get it. It'll come. Remember, you can work on a device in any direction.

It doesn't matter. Can we get crap? Like, this isn't what we wanted. We didn't ask for this.

What website is this? It's not even the same website, so that's not what we asked for. It's probably an ad that tricked us. They do that, be careful for that.

But we gotta go down, see if we can go down with this thing. Down, down, down, down. Down, down, down, down, down. See how it's going down.

That's what we clicked, download. Let's keep going down and see if there isn't anything else. So that was powered by ClamAV, that's not what we want, new features, we just want ClamAV to find it, download, there we go, we don't want that, see how tricky that was, so it goes new, windows anti-virus, download it now, and that's something else, don't want that, but then here it is, for ClamAV, here you go, okay okay maybe this is a new thing so power they looks like they got something new let's see if we could it might be good because i think with clam av is it doesn't do real-time scanning uh so that's really annoying maybe this one does it'd be cool if it does and it appears that it does do real-time scanning which is awesome which you can see that is it means that you know open source software is is developing like because ClamAV wasn't a good solution because it didn't do real-time scanning but I mean that's that's really new that's like really really new so we're getting everything solved okay so that's done now so we can go here go back to what we were doing you gotta do that a lot of stop and start stuff and start creating process okay Venus that's why okay so this right here is where we need to go and we yeah it's there now so boom boom and now we got it start so now we're gonna install it this is fun starting a virtual machine I like working on this much better than something like that you know like I can be on my phone and people just think I'm addicted to my phone and not realize that I got computers everywhere blah blah I don't care don't show me stuff like that okay I don't want a graphic installer that's terrible okay make sure you do stuff properly learn Linux I'm to teach you Linux like it's easy it's easy you just gotta it wasn't easy if you don't have a teacher it's hard like I had to learn on my own because I've never had a teacher never had anyone care never had anyone who would teach me so to learn everything when that mouse pointer thing that option didn't work very well but we got here and and come on come on okay I'll come back to it you'll see like two seconds okay so we got English and enter there and we go I don't know where you are I really want to know where you are all right girl I'm here right now but I don't think I'll be here for long I gotta get my passport so I burn them alright so enter yeah there it is enter this is the install for Debian yeah let's do america there's no australian i do australian english because i was educated here um so yeah plus i really i really grew up here i really did you know as a kid in america and i am australian i'm a world citizen and so it's scanning it scanning it okay so at apt there's a program called aptitude too but that's what it stands for aptitude and and that's the package management system apt is the package management management system and what that does is track dependency so if you download a program and it depends on like other programs or other libraries or something like that then it will get those libraries that it requires I like the Debian APT system I also like the slackware targz tgz system as well because that's really simple but I don't like the RPMs not not a fan of the RPMs but the RPMs look neat you know you've seen it you've seen it the RPMs look really neat but uh it doesn't really matter it's all the same all of it all Linux is the same and and the only people who think it's different is people that don't understand it yeah so yeah it's it's using those those are from the CD and and you're about to see more so we'll just let that go okay so here we got the host name which that's going to be Venus it wasn't going to be Venus but but now that we don't need to make a Windows server into a VPS we'll just make it Venus because we gave it all to her Zeus is just getting getting us to her Venus I just enter zoom out of there we're gonna look at more so domain name don't worry about it zoom out some more so this is where you do the root password don't don't do the user password you need two passwords full name of the user don't worry about it just enter that oh that's the user name all right why does it say full name that's stupid I just want to put good unplug that window make sure that's right yeah see Wendell username for your account huh what why did it do that it doesn't matter that's That's fine, press enter and then do a password, this is the second one. This is your one that you're going to use a lot, the root one you don't use much.

So now we got to do the time zone and thank god we're not there anymore, so let's do that. I'm just going to let it do its thing. So now partition tables, I got to teach you that, aww, okay so we go here and I guess Let's go guide it, see what it has for guided, see what it recommends, because most things are good. I mean it's not like we need much, it'll work, is it going to work, oh, no it's because we're plugged in, no we're not plugged in, why is it doing that then, okay, so that's what we got is 170, select partition, okay, so this is what you can do, and this is what we'll do this is good okay so you can have all files in one partition don't do that don't do that like yeah I wouldn't really recommend if you're gonna have data on this is gonna be a file server too so see that's actually the third one's actually good the third one's actually good but but to be honest I'm I'm going to do the second one because it's easier to manage, because usr var temp, yeah we just want to have a separate home partition, that's all we want.

I used to do all those other ones, but the better Linux got, the less I really needed it because there's problems if you didn't do that, but they're not really there anymore, but we do want a separate home partition. So the way partitions work is you got like a full drive and you can like here, here, that's exactly what you need. Okay, so the primary partition is 10 gigs. That's good. So that's like, you know, what it needs to run. You know, all the stuff. We can have as many apps. That's a lot for apps and stuff.

Alright, so then I'll take this light off. Okay, so you've got to make one primary and then you have logical ones to add on to it. So 2.1 is swap. You've got to remember that.

You need a swap partition. And what swap does is you double your RAM. It did that automatically because it's smart. But that's how you figure out the swap partition size. Because that's what it can use

If you double, so it can use double, and it swaps basically just like random access memory, so it's like temp space for carrying out processes. So you have to have that. And then we got the next one, which is the 95.2 gig, so that's our home, and that's going to be our data directory, so that's awesome. And it guided it.

See, Linux used to be quite hard, but it's really easy now, and maybe it's just, I understand it really well now too, so that's the good part about it, oh, ooh, we enter, and then we... I'm not going to tell you how career-related sports function, but just think about it, and then question whether it's ethical or not. Think about the gambling side of it. That's most of it.

That's why it exists. okay we put some charge into it so now it's time to do it and we already talked about the partitions so let's move to yeah we want to write those see it's on no now we're gonna click that one not working yeah that wasn't selected okay that's fine it'll be selected now yeah there we go so I just enter there and it's four main partitions. It's now installing the base system and that's pretty much just all the main libraries and applications that one needs to use the system. But you see we get the base system and then all the things that we need after that we install and that's the way we like it because we don't want to install crap oh nice I'm good I'm so good I rock okay so this guy just died so he's charging now but we've got this I thought it already asked me this and I think it was documented that it asked me this but that was probably the keyboard okay let's see what this is different this is package manager so it's a different package we gotta tell it okay so these are the mirrors this this is important so we want Australian mirrors because we're in Australia so we'll enter and just fine top one's usually fine blank yeah just enter a lot of stuff you just enter enter enter enter but it's good to know what you're doing configuring your aptitude let's see if we can do it that That was the first episode without any deleted scenes.

And that was because I used my new method. Soon I got some that have scenes that I needed to delete because I played around with a lot of different shots over the past few days. So I'll get to those soon, but I'm so close to being in there. it was really funny because I was at the last when it died I was at the very very I think it was the very if it wasn't the very last it was very close to it because I went to bed and then kissed and then right after like right at the end of the kiss the whole thing went look black and I'm gonna charge this is this is terrible now I don't have that that charger I gotta keep doing this and it's not doing good it's hard but I'll get through it like after I do this after I do this production like it's it's easy yeah I like it this is all I need this guy's all I need and I'll see what I can do about selling this guy get it right play play play see my finger my finger can be in it I feel like I feel like doing that I feel like not turning off right now I feel like going like this, like this, like going like this. Number three is your playground that

you can build in any way that you like. No, don't worry about doing the survey. Enter all. Enter all. There's enter. There's enter. All right, so that's just going to prepare

all the packages then. Okay.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-24-Matriarchy-of-Juno

The updates have installed and it wants to restart but we want to start later because we're doing something So see all this crap this craps crap like that I called it crap for a reason. So let's just go space don't want that Don't want that. I just take it all the standard system utilities. Yeah, we'll get that. That's fine

But we don't need oh SSH server we want an SSH server

boom Okay So I want a file server

Maybe we will do a mail. Let's get rid of Google. Let's do a mail server a DNS server we don't really we we do need a web server a web server There should be honest take all this off. This is crap because Because it's gonna install a lot of crap that we don't want and I know I know what but I do want an SSH server there and and and standard system utilities that's all we need that's just all the basics and we'll get the rest later actually do web there we go web so that's all we got and then we'll do the rest later I'm such a dork because Samba Samba 2 so that's good I'll do a mail server later no I can't make up my I can't make up mine. Maybe like this? I don't know. The desktop environment I'll do myself because that'll

install like a whole bunch of crap. Because there's only a few good lightweight browsers and I like lightweight browsers. I like XFCE4 and I like Enlightenment and I like Fluxbox. Those are the Fluxboxes based off Blackbox. Those are the ones that I like. But those

are just some basics that are there that we'll do. So they just changed the focus so I can going in. It's all fixed. I get paid weekly now. Here's what we do, dear Ivory, and do not forget

this. The finer things in life that treat us well, we will support. And whether they cost or are donation-based, we will always eventually get around to doing the right thing. It's for you so grub is what boots the system um there was another one called lilo but grub is better than lilo um but it just basically just boots the kernel the way the kernel works is there's lots of modules in there and they load the hardware settings so yeah but it's saying do want to do it to the master boot record but i don't know because this is a virtual machine

so i'm just gonna do the default which i'm just gonna press enter and cross my fingers

see i think i should have it like this and it's just sitting there just here

voila halfway there can't even close it properly okay girl you gotta learn how to look at things from all angles so this is good for you just take it and eventually you'll be able to read everything anyway you'll be able to see everything okay so installation is complete which is awesome awesome yay we can zoom in on it yay we did it good job we're doing ivory kicking butt in a tree let me get the keyboard out so you can press enter yeah it's kind of in my way a little bit actually but you see it I just got to make sure it stays in frame that's all good job it's just gonna reboot and then Windows keeps on annoying us to install updates like come on do it please please it's like but I'm installing this and Windows is like, but I don't want to update it. Is it done? No, it'll probably pop out. It always pops up.

Okay, it's restarting. I can just look on the screen. That's a lot easier. Okay, so I'm not going to look at my phone.

I'm just going to look at the screen and then I can control it. Yeah, let's see. Okay, we got Debian. I don't know how typing would be.

I really don't. It's still going. That's why. Go Venus, go Venus, go Venus. Go Venus. We're going to do something funny because we'll do it cool. We'll make it cool. But first we've got to reboot because Windows keeps annoying us. I'll show you how to do that. I'm starting. Okay, so these are all the processes. They're called damas. These are us. I wonder if people realize the things they say. It says here they're all starting out.

good okay like eventually you'll know these things because they just keep repeating I mean you just keep starting it up they just keep starting up so so eventually you under and then you run into problems that require them but yeah so the kernel is is like what loads all the hardware and you can recompile the kernel to like different types of hardware we got here warning okay we creating compatible assembly okay it's just okay I should be look I think I need to figure out a different way because I like this is really hard on my eyes and I don't think you're getting the best shots either but that's that's our registration code likely or saying something was wrong because I used an American server I hate that that's so stupid when you use an American server or a server from a different country, and then you make an order, and they're like, no, you can't do that, but, but, like, because I need, like, this browser is what I need, I need, I need this environment, I need this workstation, and Australia doesn't give it good anything, so, so I have to go other places, ooh, what's that, found, file not found, well, it doesn't matter, it's working, okay, so then we got login, and, gonna log in as window but I can't show you that password and to be honest I'm going to delete the window account okay so automatic updates won't shut up okay so what you need to do then I want to reboot but I want to do a few things first I'd logged in as root first and you can see that kind of screwed up first like I didn't put the right password in okay but what I need to do is go user del which is user delete I think it's minus r I think dash r which was like recursive which means you'll delete the user directories and then Wendell

yeah yeah not found all right that's cool that did it minus r did it all right so Wendell's gone so then we go add user oh why is it doing this, why is it doing this A-G-D-U-S-E-R and there we go add user and let's go keep it keep it so it's add into groups and the same password So I'll make it a password, change it, password, again, it's just what's cool about Linux, you can put crap passwords in, you can't do that in Windows, so you just enter, enter, yeah that's correct, so like, you gotta start thinking like this, look at, here's your work station, and there's your workspace, it's a cartoon, it's a cartoon, and, here we go, So we got the new user, and you can always change password through like passwd, if you do that, and it'll change your password, and let me just use my hand, oh sorry, I didn't do it better that way, okay, so passwd, that changes your password, and you can do passwd space username, and that'll change like a username and password, so if you like root, but that's what we're going to do is we're going to I think it's sudo is it vi sudo tab where's tab tab vi sudo it's not there so what we need I think we need to get sudo so apt-get install why do I keep doing that I think I need a reboot ah dash yes sudo sudo so sudo makes it where I can be a user and still do administrator tasks so like change files and stuff like that but I have to use the sudo program which is good which means that by default I can't change anything so which means that there are viruses and stuff it's not a problem okay so it's getting it see it's good it's good I'm gonna have like what's the size that you can read best I don't know your eyes girl it's only these are this is for your eyes you should learn how to read like from far away to like memory from far away you'd be very good very good okay so then what we go is by Viseudo, Viseudo, tab, auto-completes, you see that? You see how I just typed in V-I-S and did that, okay. So this is Vise, and I know you're gonna not like this because it's annoying, but it's not annoying. It's really awesome.

You just gotta learn how to use it. Okay, so what you gotta do is see J goes down. You see, oops, oh, it's using Crap Peacoat. I can't do this this okay. I'm not going to

to show you this because you'll probably want to use it and and Turn it off. Okay This is bad. This is like it's bad because you should be learning The good stuff not not how to be cheap. How do I get an exit is is control X No, you see the bottom, but it doesn't matter. You shouldn't find that okay, so let's go a P

t get and see now we're gonna remove let's zoom in every move here we got pico pico don't want that crap why did it why is he using it um let's go if i pseudo again see what i don't want to use this nano nano oops okay so we gotta do the same thing oh wow okay so this is important to so you can just like go up you see what it and then up again and you see remove pico it's nano and a and get rid of the crap yeah it's just a editing program to edit text files but they try to make the console version easy but you shouldn't learn that way you should learn by because vise are really powerful so by sudo which makes no sense what like by like it's supposed to be like stupid okay so this is by this is what you should be using this is awesome so see J is down you see where the cursor is and I press J and it goes down j j j j j j see K I'll go J and then see K K is up K CC K and L I gotta go down first okay okay see L L L L you see how that look what it's doing okay but but then H H H H H H H H it's going back okay but you can't edit straight in like I couldn't just type in here and get in there which is good it protects it um so that means like we gotta do commands so I'll show you what we need to do okay so So see where it says brute there? Like that's the user privileges. That's what. All right, so we just need to get our cursor to there.

Where did our cursor go? We'll zoom in a bit. Oh, there we are. Okay, so we just gotta, oh here we are.

It's down. JJ, JJ, JJ. JJ, JJ. JJ.

See, look how easy this is. I'm just gonna go DD, which deletes the line, right? The DD, whoop. But I didn't want to do that, right?

That was cool. But I just go you hit you you which is undo so so but but then I can do this pay P Right and P that paste right and I do like C W which replaces the whole word? and then I just type in

Cupid so I he will be there. Oh

Don't those screw up things It's likely you'll be there So then you got to press escape because you were in editing mode, and then you just get control control and

Don't do control This button this thing yeah This thing right here you see you see and then just go X which is right and exit Not not capital X lowercase x If you just do W, it's just write, so you stay in the document, but you can do X, and Q is quit, and Q exclamation mark is quit without saving changes, so that's it, and it's done, so we've done what we want, so we've just got to, see this thing's coming up, but this time we actually want it, so what we're going to do is go HALT, H-A-L-T. Let me start it, let me start it, let's do it soon, soon, okay, halt, boom, system's gonna shut down, it's doing it, it's doing it, you see what it's doing, see it's stopping all the daemons so they don't get corrupt or anything, so everything's good, and it'll stay good, things get corrupt if it gets shut down improperly, you'll just look at these why they're doing it and eventually you'll learn them like i know all this crap is really confusing to you right now but it doesn't matter um because eventually uh you'll learn it all so it's halted that's good we've done good what's this that's that's just the oracle which we will close down we're good here it's the stupid thing there we gotta start that's why it wasn't working shut down yeah install update see that yeah that's good other planned i hate this like i don't want to tell it yeah i just want to do it okay let's just say update there we go so shut down uh whatever i hope it doesn't shut it down it'll probably boot it back up i can still get to it i don't know i'm just gonna wait for the next thing to pop up because it just like I said install updates and shut down I don't want to do that with the VPS you know it's up it needs to be up I can't press a button on it there's the interface but this thing that thing is dead and it requires to get to that interface

to get to where I need to be if anything messes up it's not worth it so I'm just going to go and restart I'll wait for that little pop-up to come up again that's what I was trying to do that before but but it wouldn't let me get to the text it wouldn't let me put that behind the text I couldn't write you saw it and even though it will be quite some time before I get around to playing this it's been something that I've been wanting to play for a long time I don't know if it's any good Vice City was good but I'll get it then one day it's on the cloud that's the whole cool thing you know and one day i'll come back to it okay so they said 75 off at 1249 which is what i wanted to pay um but then i even logged in to try to get to work like i made sure you know that it wasn't there yeah like and i know it's behind i know australia's ahead i just wanted to see what time it was there and uh and then here it's only 50% and i don't know what to do it's 50% off all these but i only wanted 34% i wanted this one so like it's on my wish list because i kind of wanted it especially i kind of wanted it like i only wanted it at like this price which is why i got them to send me emails about it um i'm gonna get it once i see if i just double click this here you come right click nothing oh here we go let's see she's just done that yeah so just restart here do it boom with this guy i can keep this guy pretty much running forever let's jump so in our badge uh-huh so control C stops what it's doing control C huh stopped it oh and it wouldn't enjoy it but it would have stopped it ah oh back there I'm sure that look up Okay, so this is good, so now I'm going to show you sudo. So sudo, like that, but it's sudo. Not sudo face, like that. See?

See? My favorite tower comes right in front of the L.A.C. Remember that? Password.

Password. Uh huh? It's doing it. Oh.

Why? It's really small. But we gotta get that for the backup. We gotta copy to it.

I'm a bit tired of doing this so I'm gonna get this started on a whole bunch of stuff. So we're gonna just let it do a whole bunch of stuff in a sec. I was gonna do this first, so I had it, but I can't be bothered. I'll do it later. You'll see.

Alright, I'm dropping. Come on, it's just links. It's like small. Processing, processing, and links.

It's a browser. It's a text browser. It's not very good, but I need it because I used it for my script. So Ice Weasel is the Debian version of Firefox.

InMap is NetworkMap and what it does is scan ports so it makes sure that you are secure. And XFCE4 is the window manager that I think I like best but Enlightenment, especially E17, is pretty good too. And yeah, I told you Flex 5 already, but yeah. There's more, but the thing is we'll come across them when we need them.

So what you do is just enter here. Oh, look. See? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.

I'm a big man. Oh, yeah, here we go. Here we go, yeah. See? Here we go.

Install? Sudo with two views. Sudo. I don't know why it does that.

Wait, let's enter. There you go. See? It's gonna do it.

Now I'll show you. Look. Oh, oh. Alright, so that's what it needs, it needs 266 newly installed, it's gonna remove one because it's probably not compatible with it and we got 420 megabytes of space that will be used and it needs to download 135 megabytes worth, it's cool, it's gonna get them, it'll take a while there and then it'll sell them, it'll be cool.

I'm just going to download it from here, and then I'll worry about transferring it to the Linux box and transferring it to Venus. Give it over to Venus.

I'm going to be honest, I don't need, I don't think, the only thing I need from it is the webpages, and I think everything else. So it's just sorted out, so it's good. It's all good.

Play. Don't worry about getting 100% right. You're human.

See, they think it's funny.

That's your audience. Capture some pretty beautiful sounds done I'm very aware of the sounds like capture So you can work like I can work back this far the only reason I'm zooming up is to show you like I got really good eyes And I can just sort of know but it does go crappy Like that that's really kind of how it looks, but you know like you consistently expose yourself to that then You'll be able to read it like you'll be able to know what it says Upside down. Let's see what Venus is doing. Is she doing anything? She's being black.

Why are you black? See, the kooka bear is laughing at you when I was doing something. There's a lot to install but I don't, we shouldn't be black. This is going to be fun. I'll teach you everything. It won't take me long either.

you're smart just listen up and I'll teach it all put it together pretty easy I'll try to explain it really easy like it's all really easy but I'm the only one it seems that I'm the only one in this world that considers it easy because but the thing is every time I teach someone they go wow that's so easy but it's so hard when people are stupid I'm an awesome teacher and and and it's really easy and i'll make it really easy for you to even learn it it was really really hard for me to learn it because i had to do it all by myself i had to do it all alone um but but i'll make it really easy for you so be fun that's terrible i just had to press something to get the screen back but i just pressed any button and i pressed that terrible here you go babe i need you to understand like me preach st paul 13 if i speak in the tongues of men or angels but do not have love i am only resounding a gong or a clanging cymbal if i have the gift of prophecy and can fathom all mysteries and all knowledge and if i have faith that i can move mountains but do not have love I am nothing. If I give all I possess to the poor and give over my body to hardship, that I might boast, but do not have love, I gain nothing. Love is patient. Love is kind. It does not envy. It does not boast. It is not proud. It does not dishonor others. It is not self-seeking. It is not easily angered.

it keeps no record of wrongs love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth it always protects always trusts always hopes always perseveres listen but where there are prophecies important they will cease where there are tongues they will be stilled where there is knowledge it will pass away for we know in part and we prophesy in part but when completeness comes what is in part disappears when i was a child i talked like a child i thought like a child i reasoned like a child but when i became a man i put the ways of childhood behind me For now we see only a reflection, as in a mirror, then we shall see face to face. Now I know in part, then I shall know fully, even as I am fully known.

And now these three remain, faith, the greatest of these is love. Do you understand? if not I'm about to show you you ready for the cloud babe you're coming an icon it's new

that's why cuz it was the first time around block it we don't have to block it anymore because we pay for it I just gotta put the registration code yeah do you see babe so you just sync your SD card and then it'll be on the server and we'll sort that out later to be able to to do that and then you use this like we like we always do so this time it's just like straight to it yeah I used to use this to merge the video files and then edit it after but this is good This is great, it's wonderful. This badge of honor will protect you as long as you do not fly too close to the sun. One, two, three, run it home.

We'll get there.

Tightly pack the three. Leave your story the way you want it to be, not the way it is. One, two, three. Not the way the instruction manual tells you.

Your daughters check me out all the time.

So do you, but your soul is nasty.

Hera, Juno, Queen of the Gods.

You have given me such trials in my life.

But I have come to love you, no matter what happens. I finished everything on time.

I shouldn't have donated my clips.

You must run away from the places that you filmed. because you will get stalkers dear jesus please give them one more chance to change and if they refuse you know what to do amen it's time to shine baby we're ready for the ghost busters 10 13 i think that was the one but i was told 11 like that they're like parked there and And then they rev me. We will fly our flag. We're good.

You can crap all over my channel. It happens.

it's six five sheets of high-powered bottle, a salt shaker half full of cocaine, raw ether, two dozen units, you can do a serious drug collection, the tendency is to push it as far as you can. Is that right? The American dream. Dear girl, the grass is always greener. If you

can't think of the war five minutes, take five minutes, a little bit of an intro. Anybody done this trip to the australians here that's me you probably noticed this rock formation has been quite amazing day really it looks like a set that are out of lord of the rings or something today clouds are really hanging low in the valley a lot of the scenery here though is blocked today because of all the low hanging clouds it's not looking as good as it usually does but these rocks here are a bit of a landmark for the nimbin area matter of fact they are known as the nimbin rocks um they do have an original name which is about this long i can't remember

um they've been given individual names in years this big rock in the front is known as a cathedral and the other two was the thimble and the needle well use your imagination there you have to stretch it a bit i think but uh significant landmark for the area this sort of three rock hatton is in um a lot of the uh craft work you know that comes out of them

okay um just briefly a bit of modern history about niman itself which uh actually goes right back to 1973 and it's getting there a long time ago now but that was a year that the Australian Union of Students put on a festival here in Nimmin calling it the Aquarius Festival or Festival of the New Age and this was happening to sleep on Nimmin back then all these people came to the festival from everywhere a lot of them liked what they saw here a lot of them wanted to stay and they did just that. And a few of them are even still here. So I guess they made their life decision. But from those early days, they were sort of the people that laid the foundations, really, for supposedly what Neman is today, the alternative lifestyle capital of Australia.

And I guess you'll all have an opinion on that in a while. We'll see how you run with that one. but from those early days of resettlement see back in those days too it was pretty poor economic times here the recession going on a lot of farmers leaving the area land was almost being given away and now they're all rich resettlement of area we can call it resettlement because the sort of the whole sort of mood of the place gradually changed as the old farmers went down and not all of them a lot of people with a different mindset moved right on in and it caused a lot of social angst for quite a while but anyway it's all accepted and worked out right now so it should be 40 years down the track so uh but those early days of Nimmin resettlement late 70s early 80s became known as the days of peace love and brown rice

a lot of passion a lot of enthusiasm for what they were doing very few resources

anyway that was the name that was coined i don't know who did it but a long time ago now

okay Nimmin village now though requires a lot of voluntary energy or runs on a lot of to sort of keep everything coming along. We've got our own monthly newspaper here and a quarterly magazine, even got our own radio station here 102.3 NMFN, radio, that's um, um, it doesn't beam with a very strong signal but uh it streams to the web 24-7 so if you can find it there you can Now, Nimbin's, this whole 40 year gap that's happened between 73 and 13 was celebrated in the month of May, a couple of months back, and they just had a lot of get-togethers, movies, films, movies, I think there's a book, photographic book, or a picture book that's printed,

and this whole festivities went on for about a month, as well as the first weekend in May every year in this town, I have the Mardi Gras festival, and about, I don't know, six to ten thousand stars in town, and yeah, along with, you know, 50 odd police too, so it makes for an interesting weekend but yeah that's all part of the part of what happens here so all that was went on in the month of may and then we're still recovering from all that

all right uh we'll move on to the last point which is um yeah this one i guess a bit of main street etiquette here in this town there's one main street this little village Most of you, I'm sure, are aware that Nimbin and Marijuana got a pretty close thing going on. My job to tell you though, it is illegal here by state and federal law. It's a zero tolerance policy. Even still, there's a police presence in town, a police station and surveillance cameras down the main street.

So I think they're trying to sort of let you know something here. but um this whole cat and mouse game has been going on for 30 something years in this town and i can't see it changing anytime soon it's a situation where everybody officially knows nothing

so that's that's how the game's played maybe some of you might have read some backpacker literature which sort of skews the truth a little bit so uh yeah armed with that uh sort of uh knowledge it's not a police state in there but uh yeah let's just pick the status quo and people don't do anything If you see somebody in town calling out for a taxi, making it look pretty obvious, no Hatches in this little village, just a bit of community code for you, it's not like that.

Sometimes it works quicker than your mobile phone. I know, the police know. Any questions at all?

No? Okay, well, anybody want to get any photos of the rocks here? I got them, for you. he missed something about this right here that hole right there this was a meeting place for men not women and that hole was to initiate boys into manhood and what they had to do was climb up those rocks and then and then go through the hole You're about to see a lot of beauty.

We have till 3 o'clock without any bags there and there. Before I open source Nimbin, I have to show you something. Because we must always go back to our origins. Because our nature is to take the alternative path.

This is how we earn our badge. Because we do what we got to do to complete our calling, and if society forces us into homelessness because of our calling, then that's what we got to do. And then we'll destroy them. Last time I was in Nimbin, this is where I stayed for three months, didn't make any friends in Nimbin.

I do like Nimbin now. Correction, I met someone online, I stayed with them too for like a month. So I stayed with him in like four months. It's all muddy.

This is what happens, it's all right. This is the life you live. You see when you're a kid you don't worry so much, but then when you get over this is like, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh. And see like, people don't go through here.

This is animals, and this is tracks, and cars. Okay, so then we gotta go here. It's not easy to get a place to live. Even if you have the money, it's not easy.

And you really need quite a bit of money. I explained to you how that works. It's changed, it's different. In the right place, over here, yes we are.

This is my castle and that is where my tent went. Enjoy the results of a genius that you oppressed but still he gave you everything despite your ignorance and arrogance. Now wait for my queen. It's quite a lovely place, actually.

It wasn't like this when I came here. I made all this, you see? Made that area, made it, made it, made it just half. And then you see, you can't even tell.

You made this, this is all, it was nicer. And then, and then see all this is overgrown, So all you gotta do is make sure you don't screw it up. Be careful for snakes and stuff like that because they do come. We're about to see a lot of wildlife.

Now let's open source our mother. Here's to you, Gaia.

The first night that I found this place, I had no shelter. I had no tent. Had nothing like that. Where the tent was, clear to spot, laid down.

Of course I don't sleep much, but when I woke up I had a tick on my chin, but I had no money. I was overgrown, so I had no money to get razors to shave so that I could find the tick. It was all bush, so my best friend Simon loaned me 30 bucks. He's done that twice, loving me money.

That's what a friend is. They help you when you're in need.

So then I was able to shave and then pull the tick out, shave around the tick, find the tick.

Listen, it's okay to be wet when it's not freezing. Just keep your stuff dry.

Use all of your eyes. There's a lot of them that you can use.

Use other people's eyes too. It'd be funny. But after I awoke, with the tick on my chin, God told me what to do.

And then you get the meaning of life that started all this. You know what? I've completed my task. I've completed a life mission that is more significant than many, many, many people combined.

And I won't say it. You know it. but unfortunately when you leave this street it goes back to normal just more colors that's it and even though it's pretty cheap I never stayed here you see on student allowance you get hardly anything and I needed $50 a fortnight that's every two weeks for my drugs so I could cope with my head but that made it where I couldn't afford anything so fancy as you know camping in a location that I'm allowed to these were not colored but here's the beauty I used to swim in this every day in order to keep clean and then you can take a quick shower afterwards and this is the only reason that you got the meaning of life now learn or pay how can the government ban such a beautiful medicine this is how I washed my clothes three let's skate it let's run it let's smoke it let's smoke it. Let's let Zeus take care of it. With W E N D E L. Let's do it backwards. L. Smoke

society. I got ya. Now don't let the serpent eat the three eggs of wisdom. I slept in here one night it was cold and started to rain so i slept both there and there this way we go where we're led i don't know how slippery it is so we've got to be careful now let's skate it these shoes are awesome they cost like 75 bucks on ebay let's go here and there's loot shot and we will climb up the ladder and we will then learn a lesson for all of humanity but we won't stop there we'll escape the whole park and our pants fall down it's okay because we're really athletic really awesome our buddy just does whatever we tell it to this is for me for later i've never been able to go there can never afford it i can now because you call me disabled we're almost done and that's what we have left to do we can't see it it's really slippery right here it's not gonna do it because yeah it's too slippery and I'm a little bit smarter than that are you here's the line obey it of course that is how we create sustainability it has nothing to do with the people just respecting their environment. I did a spell here once. I just did another one. It's always three

parts.

I was waiting in line for like probably 20 minutes and there was a whole bunch of girls behind me and the guy that was serving told me to go to the back of the line so we could serve the girls.

Yay! Yay! Beautiful tree.

Why can't I just like put a tent up there or something? It's all thin stuff. You can't get up there.

Let's try this one. Almost everything I do is first try now. Everything I do is first try now. How's that for character?

Ha! Am I teaching you the tune?

You'll get it soon. He he, you just walked in my frame. You'll get it soon.

See if you can see the mask. Do it or you're gonna burn. Look at that. Keep doing that, he he.

It takes three times to learn. time I don't do it. I'll figure out what it says. Well we can't forget this one.

Sly. There was a guy with the turning text that hangs out there all the time that thought I was tripping out because I was trying to read it and he was there for it. I mean I remember him from meeting last year and he's been here for ages apparently but he says he's never even read it and he's like he never thought about reading it but he's seeing it every day and like it's subliminal messages every day these words whether you can read them or not is irrelevant chain up all of this is open source and every single shot that I have is really really meaningful and they're really cool transitional scenes and they can be used for a lot of things come on people we the people we got to take over it's time to do it here's some footage for you to do it Put Apollo in with the shot. We got it all. We're awesome. High five.

How can an entire human civilization not see what is in front of them? It's time to turn off the static. This is how we do it. You must look at its reflection.

I'm not asking. It's gonna happen. You're gonna pay. It's not just my girl.

it's all her friends and all their friends know their friends and all their friends and all their friends and all their friends be careful I've tripped down here hurt myself before not bad still got ages there's more but for today that will be it here You're boring. Beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep. So now you're taking pictures. Well, it's taking 25 frames per second.

So it is pictures. Yeah, and then see, then I get towered. Like I just did a scene like that, but I didn't get the rubbish because I didn't notice it until later. That's what I do. I just kind of hang out.

I'll talk about this later.

Final warning, final warning, final warning, final warning, final warning, final warning. why did the chicken cross the road to get to the other side scanning for intelligent life beep beep beep beep beep beep I'm getting the signal I just don't know how to interpret it kind of do I just don't know what to do later we'll pay to capture that there's some stuff I'm gonna think how we're gonna do the the maze we're gonna do the library how are we gonna walk it you gotta reprint do it before it fades away I'm lifting up all my stuff I've risen my flag now it's time for you to raise yours it's time to walk the three the path is never fit for humans these guys did not care about what I was doing but they were nice to me so I cannot complain let's continue this is the age that we should start educating our children in this manner I fell to my knees in front of God at this church three times from the heart of Wendell and out to the entire internet enabled world this is the walking path for the people so they don't have to walk on that I slipped right there but I didn't fall I never fall anymore that was before before martial arts that was heavy everything I show you question how long it's been there blocked off to everybody except these guys steadier target even with bags in hand bang even with all my bags like really awkward and difficult how much better is this and the bus. Let's keep moving our bodies around until we get the right shot. Let's turn it on scenery. We'll get as fast as we want. It's on scenery. Follow it up. We won't stop there. Why don't we use these guys? Australia doesn't have much land at all. They don't have any land for like someone to like put a tent anywhere. You know that's not accessible to the people who choose to live that lifestyle. Who need to live that lifestyle.

We have to live that lifestyle. There you go. You have it.

Because in Australia, we use homelessness as a tool for oppression. We will detest them and as a result, we will detest them. We will force them into miserable lives and then loathe them for it. and this will cause most of us to stay away from homelessness and in order to do that we have to work and we have to work the way they want us to hail Apollo hail Diana hail Venus how is this for a long stretch photograph Apollo has my back are you ready you should get ready for this purple one you can do it three minutes left on camera this thing falls out power and this happens to you see no land for someone like me not even little like a patch right there something just a tiny patch how come these guys get land look how much they get how come they get land oh yeah it's because we exploit them the same thing we do with humans these are our warriors they take a lot of shit from humans a lot here is your prophecy Zeus said it. Check out the phoenix. You see? It's coming to get you. Shall we get

another shot? Shall we get more detail? Olive has your heart. Use his medicine.

That's the good medicine. I need some water, girl. Why did we kill you? Why did we eat you?

But all formations turn to something different. Just give it time. Why can't I I just have a tent, like, right there, up there, somewhere around there, and watch after all of you. It wouldn't hurt anything.

I'd be good to the environment, make it better, make it comfortable for me, leave trash around like you do everywhere, and just want a place that, you know, I can put stuff and feel that it's going to be safe and then walk away from and still know it's going to be safe, and I would know it's safe up there and to be honest I would really love it you know like look at what I do how much footage would I get you know movies can't get footage like this television shows like any of your media can't get footage like this because they have to plan their takes and what you get is fake what you get like if they want to do stuff like this it's fake at least 99.9% of the time let's make some real footage let's give world something way better than they've ever gotten before i can make a really cool hut with materials like this be careful there's snakes all around even like really really huge pythons able to catch some i got this awesome music in the background

no no that's funny i like when i do stuff like that on camera too or kind of okay it's not going down oh here it goes see there we go so get it right and i'll do another take i'm gonna burn my hair again because i'm trying to get the right shot i do crap like that and then i look back on it it's so funny here we go drop drop see it's stopping that's what it does it stops dripping and then i move my hair and this is i'm recording talking about myself like trying not to burn my hair by doing the shot and I'm gonna go back on it and I'm gonna laugh oh it's not even doing oh there it goes here we go let's get this close and personal we did it for ages this is terrible one drop I'll stop it and then go back in see I'll probably there we Wow she's so beautiful focus is because she's being covered let's turn the focus right you need a really nice shot I will get ready for it



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-25-Harvest-of-Ceres

13 minutes left on camera. Hail Apollo. It gets low, and then you're on that problem of low battery again. But when you've got sun, so that's why the thing is for a system like mine, it just needs heaps.

Heaps of um... Mizuna. I grew some and collected the seeds and then threw them out. So, it's sort of growing alright though.

It looks good. It's yummy. You can eat it. And when it gets bigger, it gets much bigger.

edible taro taro taro barnagrass which you can make huts out of lemon-scented gums

where's another one blue or purple top devil's fig

Mount Lindsay. Sphinx rock. Sphinx rock where? From that other spot she could see it. We'll find it.

Nimbin rocks.

Oh the battery's about to die. Nice. Yeah and this one I should move that one back. I'm going to get get another one and put it back. Mistweed, a type of Crofton weed.

All that other stuff is Crofton up there. It's a nice one with flowers, isn't it? Crofton. Can you guess what these are?

Batwing flower. Camera's about to die. Three minutes of time count. Oh, this is about dead. Oh, it's a trilogy. You crashed.

I have received the signal, and it is only a matter of time until it is delivered in the next episode. I misplaced my phone, two gigs more to work with. It was just in the camera pocket, oh, just in the camera pocket, about to eat. Thank you.

Thank you Demeter. I see the devil right there, he has horns, he has eyes, see there's his horn, it could be a bunny. It's a bunny now. It's a bunny. It's an alien now. It's a smiley face kicking. I don't know. Gooseberry.

Where's the baby going? It gets a berry inside. That gets bigger and then gets a berry inside it. Okay. Beautiful.

Sorrel. Here's another one. This could be a helmet or a woman. Look at the face.

Oh, yeah. Or one of the Easter islands. Uh, E. Look at the face.

Look, there's two. One here, and one here. Katrina, what is that?

Oh, I made a mistake. I made a mistake. I accidentally uploaded it as that. You see, I was there.

And then I uploaded that as that. It's a divine tragedy. Oh, it's a divine tragedy. Let's continue.

I haven't even watched it to check. What about this pattern?

So many patterns. You're going to record it? It is.

Because mistakes get made, and they turn out not to be mistakes. It's the tune.

I'm the tune. Beep, beep, beep, beep, beep. It's a signal. It corrects actions.

Resonate your body, mind, and spirit with that vibration don't know what's gonna happen oh now it's time to put that philosophy into action and then shoot our arrow it's the tree of life just what are we giving the world their ABCs beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep I'm I'm picking up on your signal very well. What are you? You helped me. Can I help you in any way?

Are you okay? This is our world. I have filmed it for you. We are but a peaceful people.

We have select individuals who see beyond society and what it makes them. They then create artwork in the image of God for the people and are persecuted during their lifetime for it but afterwards their words are revered and then they corrupt their teachings. We oppress our people through the distribution of the wealth that the gods have bestowed upon us. We exploit them. We create barbed

wire fences to force people to live on the streets. We create machines that make our life go faster which causes us to miss the details. We are war directed people that still land and then sell it. We partake in drugs that we ourselves are unable to handle and this causes us to eventually treat our environment very poorly to get to the other side.

We collectively make really stupid decisions that have a big impact on the lives of the minorities of the population because the gate is locked to those who are unable to conform to their oppression. Everything we get our hands on. But this is how I get my hands on the things in this world that I like or hate. Being able to scan through such a massive amount of work and interpret means that you must be a technological society that is at least a little bit further than us but we're about to get there.

We're learning that right now, scanning through video. I am a philosophy teacher who is alone in this life, and I tell myself stories, and then reenact them again and again and again, and those stories then become a reality

through the example of my life. So this is non-fiction that you're getting, but I've played with it to make it appear like it's not kind of at least naming conventions I'm playing with it we are a people who are confined by the dollar in which we use I've never met one person who lived without money but I have met people who live with very little money but we all need the dollar because we need the government to print it so we can need the government to control us so we can then live prosperous lives because of this oppression because of prosperous lives of one making a lot of money. I don't even need to close it. Let a pot Venus do it.

So these old stories that taught very significant lessons I then repeat again and again in many different ways because I didn't have to produce it. So that's what I'm doing with my psychology because I think these stories are really awesome I really respect the lessons that they teach me because it's not just like who cares if like these these things exist as you know what we consider God figures or whatever. I'm showing appreciation for the manifestations of not only the 12 Olympians but but all of the different mythology gods that that could have a divine interpretation. and through this method I find the tune or should I say the tune finds me and as a result every position out there I become overqualified for if I didn't capture that text it said smoke alarm sounds remember it from here on out let's start taking responsibility for our own trash or learning we are a group of hard-working people exploited in thought by our government we create clubs and fight for power and the ones that fought the best fight end up on top and then they control the trickles the ripple we ignore the voice of our people but we make it feel like the government is their own fault because we give them one vote which is usually rigged we actively consume products that hurt our environment and then pass that buck onto other people we create vehicles to get us from one place to another very quickly and when we get to that other place we do exactly what we do when we weren't there when we were at home or somewhere else which is nothing we do nothing but that nothing produces a lot of something and then when we get to the point where it is no longer useful to us because it broke down wasn't made to last then we employ methods for other people to remove it from our site and the ones in charge of those garbage trucks then find methods to dispose of that waste and then they get rich by doing it the cheapest way possible welcome to our digital world this is where our technology took us how far will it take us our modern society excludes older men from pursuing younger females as their life partner I am rebelling against that with these films that you have signaled into. Ultimately I

need a girl that can think like me and I don't see that in our society and because of this I chase after the ones who have a greater potential to see that. Our society is structured to desecrate the divine. All of our lives begin and end in the same way but we don't usually see it and as a result create diversity we fail to take the lesson that karate kid showed us we failed to practically apply anything we failed to reach these heights we ignore proof because that would require us to face the facts. We base our art off man and not God's. We attempt to medicate our own shortcomings by and from fallible

sources. How's that for love? We eat and we eat and when we're not eating we're thinking about eating we overlook our environment and detain people who do not they're not profitable we have representations of the cross everywhere but we don't notice my recording and I'm in love with moon and I teach about the moon and how the moon should love and try to romance a girl through my work This is a beautiful one, this would be nice with a candle. The candle says superior light.

Turn all the lights on. I like to have a nice home. It's nice to have a nice home, you know. Just be.

Sorrel. And we will face fears. The timing will click in when it needs to. It'll all happen.

This is the current limits of human technology to take a picture.

I can't see anything.

I can see her. I can always see her.

Let's continue.

There comes a point in time when everything you have stated will be questioned.

And the equipment utilized will be challenged.

And then now something that you won't be able to see. You can see that one. Is it that one? You won't be able to see this one.

I'm trying to let you, but you might be able to hear. See? Can't see anything. You're showing a light?

Show a light. Maybe we're right here. So here's what it's doing. I don't know how to try logging into the server and do a reboot or something.

I thought I was in the middle of something too. I was trying. I'm trying to do it. See then just cuts right back to there.

So, try to do a reboot. alright so it's saying it's online but I can't connect to it so let's reboot it it's my new ashtray so now so I can just close it instead of knocking it over all the time I keep knocking it over when I rename them it wants to upload them again so I got to work that out and it all takes time click click click click click click but even though the click will be late we will have to watch what we have done before and press the button



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-26-Phone-Home

All in good time. Okay, how about that? Did I? Yeah, I did.

It's good. Let's do the rest of them. We're good. Okay, we'll see if we can do it right this time.

How are you? There we go. So see, this is kind of the same as what we were doing before. Local users and groups.

And so users. This is the first thing we gotta do. I'll show you the Internet Explorer thing. The Internet Explorer thing is annoying, we gotta get Chrome on there before we can really use the computer.

See, you mess around with it until it works, because you tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap Oh, oh, this is what we do, we just keep wasting people's time who want to learn stuff. oh it'll be one day sorry so we just get tired of it and use the keyboard so over see over does that and then we go users it's better it's kind of better use the keyboard anyway and then new users see if we can go down we'll just use the keyboard enter okay so now username put Wendell and then the rest is the same as 2003 so So I'll come back with Internet Explorer. You can just hear it. Alright, there you come closer.

Whip. What do whip birds go? Whip. What do cows go?

Whip. What do roosters go? Whip. Whip.

Whip. Whip. This is the wrong task manager. How do I get this thing to reboot?

Whip. I like Windows 2000. That's why Windows XP and that sort of stuff better. I don't like server. I just need a workstation.

See I'll show you see these things don't work and they took away the taskbar So I gotta figure out how to do all this and show you how to do it without a taskbar Windows it might that's Microsoft because it uses this stupid Technology that does this see this technology and when I'm remotely doing it like you know it's no good because it will be good it takes time it's called charm not very charming for administrators this is how we do it so this is my last message about the body bag something big around here I'm doing this I'll get it by the way. It helps if we use the right ear. I can't even get the charm. There's no way to get to it. Okay, so this method I can't use because I can't use the Windows button

in the VNC session. I can't use that because I can't use the Windows button. I can't use that because I can't get the charm, but control panel, and then I can't even get to the control panel i have to type in control panel no i can't get the charm i can't do that no no okay here we go we gotta get the power shell out are you ready get ready for this agent ivory this is how old i am in body but you're about to see how old i am in mind and in spirit you're about to see the dll's in action let's continue because we learned to work around everything see then we just change the settings back so we have to do it we'll just go right to regular now and then save see there we go we got it whenever we want it we can just turn it to that native mode and do the charm crap so we just we just i don't know you tell me did i just gain my charm i don't know stupid i'm being retarded that's that's fine i'll tell you why that's so important because now I can do a search and for Internet Explorer so I can get there we go all that to get Internet Explorer loaded so I can then play around with it so it will load Google Chrome I should just I should just download Google Chrome but I still have to play with Internet Explorer to get it done to work okay see this is really really irritating this never use recommended settings the recommended settings are stupid all we want to do is download Chrome and it's going to be difficult for us to do that and you'll see but I'll try to make it as painless as possible just by showing you the bare minimum that you have to do to get it but you go here and your settings settings and then we go here to internet options, you know what, I didn't put myself in as administrator I just put myself as a remote desktop user, so I gotta go back, I just gotta log in as administrator, I think I can do it on this thing, it'll be alright. So in order to log out, you gotta go whoop, there, okay, I guess there, there, just log in as administrator.

Okay, everybody. Zeus commands it. Regular. Save. It's that one. You see, we can go back now. We can go back to regular. And save. And we'll restart it. We need to restart it. Yeah, that's fine. Sorry, anyway.

I'm not connecting as many times as it takes until I do it right, do it every day. It's the same process, it's just this page refreshed on a reinstall page and reinstall it with 2003. See, ads, ads, subliminal, subliminal, then we get to a whirlpool. We're about to end with a bang.

We don't need audio anymore because we're only converting. Our device will do the video watching. Okay, you see slicehost.com is now Rackspace and I don't trust that, like if I hear, hey this place is good and then someone else files them over, I don't trust it. This is the first VPS provider that I've ever had.

it with dot nine and going back with them do you see they have a number but they changed since then but maybe they're good if i had a debian we'd choose that but that's okay it's out of our price range it's okay find something out of our price range so what you do is you just keep wiggling until you find something that works for you or everybody always check to make sure you're paying to the right side it's done uh flappers there's heaps of them lots they're all over in that tree now look at that look at that all right let's do the linux let's do the pinion because when we know what we're doing is right and we give our all to it scanning for intelligent life check something my app. I figured it out. It's live. I don't know what it was, but it's out now. I think.

Is it out? This is what came out. Because we can use anything. Get ready for it. It's

Skype. Skype doesn't work properly on this phone anymore. I don't know what I'm going to do. Look, it cuts off right when it answers. It does that all the time on this phone. It's

Just Skype, I'll try it when it answers, and it cuts off, bang.

Because when you fully put your trust in God and work off his timing,

then one day everything will click in perfectly. But you have to first accept your own psychology for who you are and fight against the oppression that tells you not to be that. You can try to change IPs by turning it off and then turning it back on again. This phone isn't doing well.

The formatting doesn't work, it doesn't do calls, it doesn't do well. It doesn't have very much internal memory so I'm constantly removing programs to try to get it to work. So I can install another program, so I can install another program. and then uninstalling that so I can install another one and keep on doing that let's watch the Sparrow I didn't mean to do that so I selected the other dinner we'll find out yeah it's cool so if we want to reboot it how do you reboot it reboot so I can't watch my videos on this thing because it's not working because there's something wrong with the phone um it's not doing a lot of different tasks that it should um but that's okay because we'll sort it out one day and and allows you to do another command so you can do two commands there oh it's not uh it's not remember to change your dns records get in the zone remember to do all of them prepare for past present and future do you see what i mean yay remember this this is good because we get to install the vps ourselves it's not automatic let's do this thing once and for all once enter and when you do it for real put your full name in so people will know who you are when you work on your computer and show them how to do it. Thank God. We want a separate home. We're using ext4

formatting file system. Basically that's just the way that all the data is allocated on the drive. Old Windows use FAT32. NTFS is better because there's bigger file sizes supported, EXT4 is good. There's also other ones like JFS,

Journalizing, EXT3, EXT2, there's just PlainFat, FAT32, there's a lot of different types, like Swap, they offer different things, like a Swap, you know, which we showed before, which is recreated, but now we're doing it, let's do it. it it's installing now so we did good we just have to set that back which we did so now we're gonna continue so now we got it over here so we can move back to here you must acquire the power that you use let's configure our aptitude let's install just a bare-bones system you don't want these things. This is for you, Venus. Through Zeus, he proved it. Good to know.

Views know a lot. Information age. Bang. But after three tries, we will log in. Can't

see what we're typing. Then let's update and upgrade the packages. Just the core ones. We will need to update the package manager with the official source. There's

new ones we just gotta fix it then we must update and upgrade the packages we must then remove the crap then we must choose who will give administrator access to the kingdom then we must reboot it then we must decide how we will manage our affairs then we must decide how to surf it then we will reboot it then we will reboot it with authority but then we must decide how to remotely access it the gods are playing me like a fiddle three times I don't know where the taskbars are at least it's fast now here we go let's see what speeds the server gets add the Oracle in there hit the target you gotta press escape first otherwise you won't hit it so you gotta send keys send it and we gotta delete what we just did there which is just this I know it's done it so you just gotta now hit the target now we must update ourselves with the guidance of the Oracle then we must take the Oracle's advice another one I gotta watch out for these. Come out! Damn you. I gotta grow my nails. I bite them.

We will have to learn how to archive and unarchive our history. And sometimes we will be required to allow parasites on us until we obtain the equipment to remove them. In your name. From the Oracle.

Half of the resources. I told you, faith. This is gonna take as many traps as you like. Doesn't matter.

Maybe zoom in on it. Boom. Zoom out. Install the devices.

Oh, oops. Maybe they'll teach me how to do it later so I can do that if I want. We must learn how to serve. Let's do this thing.

I'm going to go to the next video. delete the crap users and then we are ready to parachute. Got some XP there. Focus. Got the focus in. Woof. We own it. Yay.

It was to you. For some change. Yeah, I'm just suggesting that maybe you should do that right there, man. Thank you, Venus, for this food. I know it will be delicious.

See, this is what happens when you ask for eggs the way the cook likes them.

You gotta try everything, girl. I hope you know what's happening, girl. I know you feel it right now. It's about to come.

Come fly with me.

That was in my neck.

I see it. I gotta get tweezers. Evil. Fine, but this time we're not doing unnecessary work, if you can see.

You know, I've really thought about it. I'd like to know. You know, you're going to stay awake, aren't you? Yeah.

Maybe, maybe, maybe I can come up. Being people BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP Because your children will stop providing this for you, because I tell them to. BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP. But at the end of the day, humanity is the most dangerous animal in our human existence.

We destroy our environment and put up barbed wire fences where none should be. We think the habitat belongs entirely to us. We perform atrocities and then write fictional tales over them and present them as history to our people.

This is non-fiction, no matter how much I make it look like fiction.

I hope you have enjoyed the tour of humanity that I have given you. It was intended to find my girl, but it seems that it has found you. if you were of a weaker nature and we found you we would probably eat you or somehow exploit you possibly use your bones as fossil fuels if you were intelligent but cannot communicate in the same manner as us then we would find a way to destroy you you would scare us prophets throughout the ages have visited us but we have never had the ears to listen after they are dead we will revere their teachings but corrupt them to make them profitable we need the dollar to live and by doing this we destroy the habitat for both the creatures around us and ourselves a few times a century someone worthy of living is born but their society oppresses them pushing them into lives of suffering and when they die they leave so much to everybody and everybody appreciates them after they're dead we take comfort in excess and develop it into capital and we will even kill our own to raise those numbers since childhood I have openly admitted that I was a spy on society and I am and that's why I developed into sociology so I could do it better and I do it very very well and this production is a very good bar to judge us humans on because it is the current state of our world and it's all of us it's not just australia it's everybody the technology in which we have just discovered will make us very powerful people our new gods will soon be the elites who put countless amounts of material in front of us without us realizing they pay dot connectors who can give them advice so they will realize and they have realized and they are already starting the process but they will understand what this means and how much it can develop one single human character there's going to be a lot of characters developing soon but they're not going to be for the divine we will gain power over many planets and overlook life when it does not resemble our own. We will mine every planet's resources to make a profit. We are weak creatures who are bullied by lesser animals of all

kinds. We ignore those who suffer no matter how hard they scream. That suffering is created for and by humans. We scare our people into living isolated lives so they are profitable. We waste our resources because it's profitable and we can use

much better methods. Our news rarely has anything newsworthy on it. I am tired of saying these things as they can all be linked together especially with even a simple analysis of the facts this is about to be over so now i will greet you and leave the filth of humanity behind us

welcome to our world it is gorgeous in every single way possible that's the cancer type yep yeah it reminds me of yin and yang somehow as well it does it is it's that same same type thing And the two fishes, the Pisces are one of those two, so I really like some food. I have a popcorn snack. Oh, that sounds good, popcorn. I don't know, it's a bit cool, I'm feeling a little bit today.

Maybe I'm not dressed so warmly, but it's almost like fire. Like, I've got this little saw, and I've got this jewel. It's a bit exciting, it makes me want to make things. but here is my plea to you we are creatures motivated by money we are a slave race we will very willingly enslave ourselves if we feel that we are benefiting from that equation you can use us you can give us retarded things and we will think they are awesome and ultimately work for you to get them.

But if you reward us for the labors that we provide for you with technology that's really cool, but also help us become better people,

then eventually us humans will become noble creatures. If you could only provide us with the technology that could instill good moral values within each individual using it, then we will reach the stars and we will rule them with justice and heart. We could be friends if we only learned to understand each other. But how do we get an entire world of people who don't want to understand anything outside of their own lives to understand this.

Barry's about to die.

I don't know who you are, but after an entire life of broadcasting, you are the first to respond. I want you to know that I appreciate that because I have an entire lifetime that humans refuse to do so. But at the end of the day, Even though we have a buttload of warmth, Diana's music will put us to sleep once and for all. I've got these all over me.

I'll be there soon babe. You give me light, but hide yourself from me. Wendell, listen to this noise later and see if you can hear anything interesting. Brum brum brum brum brum brum you know that is a koala actually.

Brum brum brum brum brum brum brum brum Very high pitch. Not the mosquitoes. Not the insects. Brum brum brum brum brum brum brum It's turning a lot. I wonder what that noise is.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-27-Trial-of-Orestes

i love you artemis to put themselves in awkward places i should have got a natural remedy

look at it this guy was in my ear still called to do this stuff alone thumbnails

you see it works we just got to get it running a little bit faster that's all we need

poo it's still in there please help us to learn from our mistakes if we humans are provided in abundance then we can get over money but the abundance is limited to the elites and then use that abundance to exploit us they played a big poker game on all of us and they ended up with the end of the pot so now they enslave us but we don't realize we're just all about money because we don't have abundance they're not giving us abundance we just need abundance we need to figure out a way to individually each person create an abundance of the really the basic necessities in life and if we can do that on an individual level then eventually our society will be free but But what we need is a method to create wealth individually independent of businesses, government, and education. We need a method to reconstruct the particles within our environment to create other formations like food and shelter and things like that. If we could create minerals in this manner, then we would no longer kill for those minerals. If we discovered an alternative fuel solution that was green, cheap, and producible on an individual level, over time the majority of our corruptions within our government and businesses would be resolved.

Our fuel industry is responsible for a lot of how we are. If we were to discover a method to break down rubbish into soil, then soon after that we would be nicer to our mother. If we were to actually educate our children, then soon after that we could fix all these problems by ourselves. But that won't happen.

If we were not so driven by the dollar, then we would have more time to think about these subjects. But here on earth, us humans live to work, so we can then get more things. It's a cycle. We got bad collective psychology.

If we replaced our television structures with shows that placed us in the shoes of very different individuals then over time we would begin to understand each other and the oppression would loosen its grips and then we could pry the hand open if we only listen to people before we cast judgment then we would begin to learn I'm the tree of life let's chase her when she is no longer full we will be finished filming for this production but i have finished saying everything that i need to say to our society and my girl so i will finish by telling you what could help us so if you decide not to kill us then i hope you consider one two and three i see it what is it okay where are you

you're walking where are you walking dude you're cute what are you oh a little bilby or something i hope you saw that come here that's cool he's back and close all right all right refining our aptitude if we collectively learned how to interpret the manifestations of our environment that assist us as gods then over time we would learn to respect what we have I'll see you soon always waiting at the window the productive results of respecting what we interact with will induce a new golden age upon humanity. But first we must learn from our past. Oh, is that right there? That's when I realized what I'm about to watch. Here goes nothing.

Wanting to make a movie about the beauty of innocence and getting kicked out of the film world for doing it. The ivory heart made us stand up to who we are as people, not to shoot us. So Venus sends us out on a journey to fetch water. We are a ninja.

Cheers. I understand. Who do you want as your gardener? Humanity?

I gotta study. I have to install this stupid cleaner app because my phone doesn't have enough internal storage. to have the applications that I need to receive this information but I'm doing the best that I can so in order to fit Dropbox I have to lose my SSH capabilities try again so this phone has an FM radio built in that I don't need to use this email program I don't use the swirly I don't need to use What else we got here, I don't want to use this social hub, nor do I use this search thing here, this local, I don't need to use that, navigation I don't need to use, news and weather I don't need to use, voice search I don't need to use, the music hub I don't need to use, Samsung apps I don't need to use, navigation again, Polaris viewer I don't need to use um so that's that's what i don't need to use and that right there that's not even that's on the external hard drive or that's on the sd card so there's all those things built into the phone that i can't touch because it's samsung um and i could hack it and put another rom on it but then that's a lot of work and and not just that it usually doesn't turn out well anyway like it's a it's an old like if because I can't be down I can't be down for too long and sometimes that stuff puts you down for a long time I'm gonna figure out something else to lose let's lose this gotta go off quick squashed think I got one of my back and now we get to watch ahead of time the future you know it's going to be funny because whether I'm crazy or not is irrelevant because no matter what happens this is going to be the first footage that any technological life will receive because baby I'm broadcasting I'm broadcasting it as of this date in this time this is the current limits of our human technology unless you do a nine-to-five job and then you can live a little bit better and get a little bit better equipment but it's still the same story just faster ways to waste time this was the equipment supplied to me to give you this research project let's test it just a rope boat is it gonna go to the device and then out cloud cloud there's animals that walk all up there I hope I saw the dummy on camera that'd be cool if I got it there's koalas here too I don't know I don't trust it still on two of ten and that's there but I don't understand. I don't like Google Docs. What is it? Let's look at it. I don't think this is doing it. I think it's copying it to the device and then out. That's not good. But let's see. Did it leave a file in there? It's all I'm ever looking at. It did. How big is it? It doesn't tell me. I don't want to download. That's the properties. Okay. It's zero bytes.

that makes sense we're in for a rough road we'll make this one capable we must use the biggest satellite that our environment has to offer us that's you girl. If we can connect moons, maybe one day we can connect hearts and sun. The bees. Artemis base to Uranus base, I read you loud and clear. My name is Wendell Charles NeSmith and I am the

diplomat for this civilization. I give you warning of our kind for we are hateful people. I recommend you conduct your affairs through me because they will disappoint but you are welcome to test the waters you will not find one good person among us nor will you any longer find a person in me today i will feast in preparation for our future human fast nothing's charging her anymore

i've tried other power outlets around too nothing works thank you dick smith It'd be so cool to have one of these or something like that. Stuff like that is unavailable to people like me, and society. This is all a load of bull crap, all of it. Really bull crap.

This tablet. I just wasted half a day. Time to go back without the ability to the what I need to do. These kind of snacks are the ones I should be eating.

Stuff like this. That sort of stuff. This is what you should be eating. Not the other crap.

I've got lots of selection. You can mix it. This signal will complete transmission one way or another. And all of the difficulties that I have had doing something so simple will reflect accurately as to the current state of our technology I'm through talking let me show you the rest I'm through talking you know what to do now watch its practical application I have reconsidered you are watching the last episode right now I hope you enjoyed independence year for kids that's 2013 remember that that's your independence year now fight just remember girl run from what you've done and you will be safe good luck I keep on asking about them taking me off this spam list but they never do no just crap I'll show you what it does the video is not on the audio is on see how slow it's going and And then the audio lags, you see how slow?

Like it does that on any video player. I've tried lots, so it's fine, new phone or something.

But I've tweaked it so I can hear the audio, so. But I can watch the video on YouTube when it's up on YouTube, so that's the way I'm doing it. Oof, so. You know how to do it.

Just start off with better equipment than me. status bar is now putting me to sleep again I am finished an audience of two I love you both the remainder of this journey is my own but you can put its pieces together through the titles of the following episodes eat your heart out world. Be careful. The middle bit's tricky.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-28-Sight-at-Lemnos

Let's do it. Let's prepare to leave this place. Poisonous taro. The bees.

Sleeping giant. Hit your eye like a big pizza pie. That's an audience of three. Look at it.

Screwed up. Dot nine is raising its flag. Loose ends. But this time I was clean of the blood.

So here's what happens on every single video no matter what player I use.

The sound in the video don't end up and it lags. See, it'll lag and every single video player does that so I think it's something hardware-wise. There's a few problems with this phone that I think are hardware. But I'll show you how I fix it so I just go into settings.

I don't really fix it. I go to general, I think. Player. so what I have to do is I have to this thing thing in here it's this thing right here so if I had like 40, I don't know, there's a way to do it so I can exit it because that's what I have to do, I can't watch the video at the same time it's not working so I'm just gonna do this, no that's gonna help today's the day, it's the same problem right after restore so I'm not sure what the problem is not sure why used to work that's it right there so now I can't watch the videos but I'll be able to let's see first let's do this show here so it'll still do the lag see the video is lagging and then it'll stop the audio but it won't see now that the video is not playing the audio will continue but it's okay because I can watch YouTube on this after it goes on YouTube I can put it up and I could also put it up on YouTube as private and then watch it from earth's biggest satellite and out into the entire universe last one ride in the calvary good night dear girl gotta stop gotta stop completely



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-29-Counsel-of-Themis

Since it's only small and SSD, we'll partition it in one partition.

Plus, we're not going to have many files, so it's not really a problem.

It's a swap.

Will standardized examinations allow me to bring my own work in with me? Who is the dead skin?

You're going down, education system.

Configuring our aptitude with a fresh install. always cleaning the slate until we get it right the third time leaving our options open the third lie turn with your mouth because I'm not even accepted into alternative communities even when they don't know my secret get rid of the filth in territory choosing our prime minister very carefully this is round two fight yay fight fatality you see I closed at that time with the screen facing the other way we must reboot everything establish how we will connect to it decide how we will manage it we will have to fix dependencies fight uh you're already dead you're probably on me fatality i can never stay in my environment long enough to get tuned to it nobody wants me but this makes it easy to film and then run only youtube works on it Just one minor alteration.

It has to be perfect.

Sink.

Feel the love, baby.

This is BS.

Twelve.

This will make tab work in X.

This will make you administrator.

This will paste the selected text.

That doesn't work a lot of times.

We'll try again.

There we go.

Then we have to press escape. let's do it and then we have to write and then exit see and then we have to update our sources and then we have to search when we find what we were looking for we line the names up and then and then and it's from the original source so we know it's good gotta move it doing that every once in a while will help it get better charge the solar panels get dirty and you obstruct light you obstruct the panel from working as well as it could it's all cloudy how's this and after two more failed downloads we will once and for all get rid of the rubbish and end up with everything we could have ever wanted it's a big file and remember that we can easily get to the console just by going to a new connection and then waking it up always finding better solutions don't forget that Google paid these guys to be white listed this is life and don't do wait for it one last time in your name one gig of RAM can you hear the tune It's right there, right in front of me. There it is. This is what always happens.

I don't know where to put what I have. Very talented. Everywhere I go, I get moved along. Where do you want me, world?

Everywhere I go, I get lectures about how bad I am for society. I do not criticize any individual, but only listen to them. But that makes me appear stupid, because I rarely make judgments.

People who do not even know me will criticize my character, and I will sit there and take it, and contemplate their points very carefully.

It's all good footage, baby. People will time and time make false assumptions about me, but defending yourself short term will make you look like a fool who actually cares about what they think. The problem is, is that everybody else likes to do nothing, and I can't mentally handle that. But in order to break away from being a human isolate, occasionally I will sit with them.

And as they talk, I identify many holes in their life philosophy, but I keep them to myself.

And because my opinion is malleable, people try to oppress me. I am only trying to comport myself in a manner that would obtain me a peaceful lifestyle.

What have I done wrong? Why are all of you so mean to someone so caring?

Why can't I just exist in a place without it being yours or mine? why do you all treat me as if I am helpless when the message was turned to you why am I not respected for what I was built to do which has helped a lot of people most of you think that I am sad but it is you who are sad I have I have given you all my entire lifetime to speak, but it is now my turn. Our kind is currently in a really bad state of affairs, and we will be judged for it shortly. Time to prepare.

Our technological creations no longer possess a divine origin. So we expose ourselves to things again and again, and through this process we stop to understand what's in front of us. From childhood we grow into monsters. Justification of immoral action becomes our primary mode of existence, and what was once beautiful, what was once forever changing, what was once dynamic in approach, becomes static as we taint our hearts. And we make a mockery of the category called life. Because

technology created merely to make a profit will never be beneficial to humanity. I'm dizzy. So here I stand at the exact spot where I began this mission, but the pool was full.

But what you have neglected to consider is that I am broadcasting. My message is to any technological life out there who has the ears to hear. You have misjudged if you think I'm working for this world and my message is freedom or destruction I'm not sure if you realize but I am finished mercury will back up Zeus and be ready to be deployed at a moment's notice if anything should go wrong Venus will be our workstation and Zeus will carry us into the clouds. Vesta will provide for the needs of our mission and until you get here Neptune will provide us with the water of life with his waves. Vulcan will provide us with a broken hammer in

which we must repair. Demeter will provide us with the nutrition necessary in order to sustain life. Smoke that. Here's the key. Why do people use this

as leverage? Because those that experience the problems are the best people to help because oppression is a ticking time bomb oh dizzy thank you me thank you mom awesome I think we'll skate everywhere and we'll lose everything doing behind it the one who loses everything will gain because Mars will train the wick 13 minutes left on camera getting fuzzy let some light clear that up it's time to retire from this I hope you all hear my stomach it's not scary girl it's beautiful use your peripheral vision people with houses what the camera can't see what the camera can see that's what you follow the window at every window venus welcome to the promised land dear girl both me and the gods promise it to you we leave here tomorrow almost done just one more thing



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-30-The-Riviera-Proposal

From our mother's biggest satellite dish, and out to the entire internet enabled from Zeus's head. From the heart of the world, our mother, and out into the entire internet enabled universe.

We love you, Diana. Here's some different types of file systems. Are you ready? We trademark it.

Working off the universal. I win world. You lose. Lost my go-to cable.

the usb cable that plugs this into that but it does not matter because i no longer need it i am done no taking it back now just more junk to get rid of

because we are destined to make the same mistakes again and again until we fix them but this time we won't look back wallaby let's go because as soon as we get any smart device in our hands we can continue where we left off i hope you enjoyed my life's work it is finished but this time at the end of the street we will turn left instead of right we have to face our fears though. It's now in your hands, Hera. You know where I'm going. I'll leave it to you. Is anybody out there? Dizzy. See through the mask of the rainbow region.

Hello Apollo. You sit down there, Johnny. I'm coming home. But it's not with you people.

You disgust me.

We started counting, he's coming.

Green pastures.

My cup runneth over.

The camera's about to die.

He built it.

It doesn't matter where we look, it's always there.

One last time. Because at the end of the day, it is you who are stuck in my world and not I, yours. One or the other. One or the other is the point.

One more percent. Because, dear Ivory, this is my proposal. Will you marry me? I didn't realize what I was doing until I was in the position.

I love you, Ivory. I regret nothing. That's enough. I love you. No, it's a god.

Take you on a trip of a lifetime or the rest of it. We'll meet you up later. Be safe. For people like us.

Enjoy the government. Claim back. Just don't have the resources, the money. But the true crown just allocated properties.

Does not receive its authority. The monetary gems. This is what humans do with land. How they distribute it.

I can keep that. Thank you. If anything goes wrong with that case...

There's a lot going. 13, wait for it.

I hate people.

It's so ridiculous.

I wasn't supposed to leave Nimbin that quickly. but people don't appreciate the way I comport myself we're about to set sail through this guy we're gonna bounce off this guy through the heart of this guy zoom over my enemies one last time people in groups can't love I will always march in the infantry ride in the cavalry shoot the artillery I will always zoom over the enemy because I'm in the Lord's Army yes sir I'm in the Lord's Army yes ma'am I'm in the Lord's Army yes sir yes one flip it do you ever Ever wonder how long trash has been there? I am sorry, but I'm going to keep this going for just a little bit longer. This wasn't my choice.

It's the best choice it was. Thank you. Do you understand? Because now, most of this stuff is useless, and I just have to find a home for it.

Oh, it's been so long. I miss you, love you. If you love me as much as I love you, and as I love me, then we will be eternally happy. Both this life and the next, and the past ones.

You just have to look at it right. Power, equipment to carry around, we can do all legally, all legally, except for XP maybe. I've purchased XP many, many times in my life, so if you have a problem with that Microsoft, I've been a loyal customer, and I've sold Windows XP to lots and lots and lots and lots of people, so I'm completely legal except Windows XP, but the XP version that I have is better than anything that you could make, Microsoft, so fuck you if you have a problem. Otherwise, share the love with the pirated version of Windows XP.

Let's unlock our potential. If you have any logical reasons why everything that I'm saying about our education system isn't bull crap, then please do tell me. Because right now, it's only a daycare. Even in university.

Kevin Rudd wants to spend 31 million dollars in putting computers in schools. I will do as you say, Hera, and not finish this production until I have finished producing it.

But after that, please give me my reward. I've been waiting so long. I have to do this once, this fast, without touch.

Let me show you how to cartoon your world, Dear Ivory. This is my final time packing. because after this I am free and soon so will you let me show you how to fold a cable this is a useless product created for people who do not know how to live healthy lifestyles. As far as where cables go you shouldn't take any of my advice in that field. The moment of truth just so you realize that was using

Dropbox and that was the speed so that wasn't even local that was on the cloud which is awesome so all you have to do is upload your SD card to these to something like this you know yeah so that's all you have to do you can just watch them if you just upload your whole SD card like overnight to a service like Dropbox and I'm not going to say use Dropbox I like Dropbox a lot they're really good I'm gonna support them but we should be looking at services like the services that accomplish a similar task and there's a lot of them out there and we shouldn't be putting all of our eggs into one basket. Eat dick Google. I am extremely exhausted and I hope you understand why. You just open your eyes and see the kind of stuff I do you wish. But at 7 33 p.m.

am. I must depart to my dreams. But I'll see you there. Goodnight my love. No child left

behind. No child without a capable phone. No child without a VPS. No child without a handy cam. The answer is not these schools. Why are they doing this? Why are they doing this?

They know what they're doing. They know what they're doing. It's a method. It's a method of mind control. You know it. They know it. Everybody knows it. No one does anything. Daycare. Daycare.

But these things, they're not the government's responsibility. No. It's the parents. fuck you parents you know you're doing the wrong thing money money money money why why it's all about money stop the money stop the money can't sleep nightmares let's resolve them Zeus you who put it in there you I'm so American I just don't like any of them this production was supposed to start out as only one and then to three and then it just went crazy and and now I just got to finish it and the reason I got finishes is because I have to show you the practical application of everything that I'm saying and sorry I can't finish it until I do that you gotta put your password in babe yeah make it at least eight characters maybe nine and then you have to put some numbers in it and make sure there's letters in there and make sure there's a capital but the best way do this is just pick some words that you like and then cut them up and then add numbers that are meaningful to you in between different areas that other people aren't aware of so that's how you make your passwords and then once you got those those handful a few handfuls of different words you like then you can also cut those up and put other passwords in so I have maybe maybe a dozen or two passwords that I used me I started out with only one one and I just wasn't told stuff like this I had to learn all this stuff myself so I could teach you i guess so this is your cartoon drawing pad or your chalkboard or however you want to look at it um but you can fit a lot on here and uh and you can you got a lot of screen time to work with so we got you know a lot we're doing here um with it and we can you know move it around as much as we want it feels comfortable it's fast responsive and we can go to any section that we need to so we just open that up but we can just go back there even though that delays a little bit it won't soon I've been preparing for the internet not to do that and it won't so we got to do things like that and I get back here we only put a gig of ram in our but we'll put more because mercury was going to be the primary uh web server but then zeus should be it i realized come on internet explorer mercury is just our backup so if anything goes wrong it's there to sing out everything that we're doing still and we can restore that very very easily uh and we'll make it where it can be publicly restored to so that's gonna be open source too so anything happens to it is coming back and ultimately people are gonna like it because I'm broadcasting out for aliens to destroy us oh I'm awesome so are you do you want to know why most females don't get along with me because they want a romantic relationship with me but I only have eyes for you and when they accept the fact that they are not the one that I am searching for then usually they become hostile against me towards character traits that I am very proud of of. What do you think it was that was in that forest? It circled me three times every night

for all three days of Diana's full reign. Good night, algae. Sleep well in the forest of life and do your best not to wake up with blood on you.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-31-Angels-of-Death

This is how we charge it. This is how we charge it.

We're almost finished buying, so we're good.

And the battery that you use must obtain all of your equipment, multiple charges.

But you need to learn how to protect yourself against all the evil out there. let me show you how regardless of where you are regardless of what lifestyle that you live nor the signs to control you regardless of how you use your equipment this is how you rename that ends up looking like this still hasn't replied. I'll contact him one more time. Terrible. That's all I want. This thing is too big to carry

around. It's the poles. Yay. That was a really quick reply. I hope I get it soon. Let's configure

our mass before we set south. Get ready for this. This is where we left off. Let's continue.

you're not getting any more money from me seriously why you ask nothing let's do this thing i taught you the numbers one through three now let's learn how to multiply splendor in the grass just finished i'm not going to even bother showing you all the rubbish everybody who has hurt me intentionally because of the arrogance and ignorance in their hearts will severely pay for it both in this life and the next same for you girl they have also paid for it in past lives because time is flat humans are just too stupid to realize it they already made their choices before they were born let's play it room I was just walking in this hippie stop me on the streets we're like flower necklaces and he points at me he stops he points at me he goes strong beautiful man yeah okay thank you oh so odd weird idiots the shuttle to a trashy world Okay, look I canceled that a long time ago. So this is my services.

I'm really thirsty and I only had $2.20 and it cost $1.50. Gave it to me. From the bottom up, we will fight the ride. Without power.

Solid state disk. Some server. In America. Put it until you like it.

Download or paint. Finish what we're doing. A lot of times we just have to manually enter data until you get copy and paste between different servers. Yeah, yeah, go ahead.

Yeah, man. Hi, what's up? I could help you out with that, mate. That would be cool.

Yeah, you just have to bear with me a couple of minutes, take, and then I'll be on over and walk. Hey, you changed the whole picture, right? Yeah. That was fun.

To be honest, when I was in Sydney, I was there for doing training sessions. I was waiting for 10 hours a day.

We're almost there. I didn't know anything else to do, but definitely walk around Darling Harvest. We're done here. Yeah, I know.

Wonderful. I'm showing you how for free. I've built it for you.

for free let's take the boat we're about to do it it's almost impossible to get great jelly, jam, whatever in Australia ok, finish April 9th? when were you born? it's gonna taunt me 10 bucks on a ticket

tick tick tick tick tick tick if i was prime minister the police would be the first department to be shed just takes time

why does an unthinking collective have the right to tell you how to live your life

fuck you australia the same sentiments as last time

fuck you australia did you know nothing that the government does actually helps anything it's the appearance of things that they appear to be doing something then some reason will follow them unthinking masses limbings going to our death in the house of hades look up free man on the land ignore the tall tales and then become it every single one of you not just my ivory she's just the first I did not make an inaccurate statement she me we are the first oh you really told him off there ooh did some damage I'll let you in on a secret which I've told you already in many different ways that's not the cops agenda the cops agenda is to hassle people like me to look for people who are socially awkward and then hound them like the dogs that they are if you have ever been treated with respect by a copper then it is likely that you are brainwashed and existing in the exact manner that our government wants us to A-C-T. A-C-T. Where is it coming from? It's coming from the heart. Let the blood flow.

The blood flows. Dead blood. Black blood. Filth. Sludge.

We're probably in the best spot in all of Australia right now. And you have seen what happens in this spot. Put one and one together. Make your mind up about Australia yourself.

I'm showing you it all. if you think oh my environment right now is not that bad you need to learn how to watch episodes consecutively if that's the case you got a problem and you need to learn to count i'm teaching you so it's all right why do the police focus so much time and energy on subjects like underage drinking when there are subjects that are extremely important to us right now affecting our mother. Let's cross the bridge. It's like that no matter what side you go on all around Australia. No matter what side of the road you are on

some places are worse but it's all the same shit. You can't ask people if they want to lift back the barn. Say you can take people with birth. That was him. I saw him do it.

And then that girl.

There it is.

A sacrifice to the queen of the gods.

Aries.

Sacrifice isn't a flower.

It's me. Pale Juno. But I am not a janitor. And I can't spend my life picking up other people's rubbish.

how do you remove the police take the law into your own hands you have the license number people like that don't stop doing that you got to figure out how to teach them and you will collect many license plates from those who disturb the gods and then you will make them public that is how we enforce law amongst our people not these guys with badges fuck them when you can consistently and accurately judge groups of people then God will give you the ability to judge individual people but be careful damming one soul for eternity is not reversible give them chances if you want you can multiply it by three and it will make you sad because they will think you are full of bullcrap but we know because we see because we have the sight and maybe it's a little bit funny because we know what's going to happen to them they just don't think so they think we're crazy and what do you do with crazy people you have seen they are digging their grave all the way down to the house of Hades without a coin but just remember their souls were damned before they came along you they just know it now because this is what we are hope you're okay with that girl X marks the spot why Corinthians and you will damn many souls in your lifetime because the harvest has never been so abundant we can exploit them we can drink off of their labors we can eat them but whoa you can't live with them nor can you eat the divine fungus that grows in their feces you're going down government if I had a cow I would treat it right I would not overwork it I would eventually learn or be able to connect with the people that could produce the goods that I like from Calus, the beautiful creatures. It would be my friend and not my slave and just as it gave to me I would also give to it. But But I am only dreaming, because society nails profits to the street. And so does their family, fuck you family.

Many you will want to condemn, but not have it in you to do it. But do not worry, because their soul is destined for another angel. You are very emotional but will not be allowed to make judgements like these under their influence. You are only allowed to speak out of the knowledge that you obtain from the universe, not your soul.

That's for me. But it is okay because I will listen to all of your worries. And then we will try to fix them, together. And as the people in your life, tear apart your heart, I will be there to help reshape and reform it, to resemble the gods, not them, not humans.

You're not one of them, you just gotta realize it. It's going, it's going, it's going, boom. This is what you are.

And as the events that we have prophesied begin to unfold,

many will come to you on their knees begging for redemption.

And even though you can give it, you must ignore them. Because we have just provided them sight. And if they choose to ignore it until after the fact, then they will pay severely for those decisions by the God that we serve.

Because people are geared to only listen when they need something.

And selfishness is not the way to the kingdom of heaven.

Your generation is. we just have to unbrainwash them give a man fish teach a man to fish force a man to have the fish that was caught and poisoned by society that's what we do 113 try the touch screen one never done that before we don't want anything standard oh maybe we're gonna click it a few times there we go what do we want let's make things small no let's keep it at default focus by yeah do a click because we don't have a mouse enable update checking sure that's okay yay not going back there but I've been working really hard so I'll do something different tonight Just a little that I can play around with. I love you, Venus. Oh, I knew something like that was going to happen.

It's worth it though. Just got to get off Google. It's a bad drug. I'm going to try and be social tonight.

It almost always fails though. Terrible people out there. I've got three hours and I'll tell you what happens. Beautiful, not scary.

scary beautiful everything of mine is yours ivory i made this playground be careful not to fall off the monkey bars splendor in the grass if you call that splendor a reflection as in a mirror remember that you will be judged by your own sword ran over if i speak in the tongues of men or of angels and do not have love i am only resounding a gong or a clanging cymbal if i have the gift of prophecy and can fathom all mysteries and all knowledge and if i have faith that i can move mountains but do not have love i am nothing this is something that people do it's pretty odd if i give all i possess to the poor and give over my body to hardship that I may boast but do not have love I gain nothing I tried when I asked to purchase it they looked me up and down really suspiciously and then asked for my ID and then treat me very nice that's the life that I live that's life that i've always lived i'm 29 years old fuck you guys where does someone who is alone in this life go to meet people good people people who will treat them with respect i don't know i've been looking my whole life because when you treat someone who has never done wrong like a juvenile delinquent their entire lives. They will eventually train your children to destroy you. When you isolate someone because they are different from you, and then you further isolate them because they are isolated people, you are swimming in sin. And I don't care what you do or who you are, it is you that will die by my sword or it's ripple the burrito is delicious i eat things over time as you probably know it's good really good though i'm going to tell you about my experience with that happened okay um i'm going to tell you about my experience with clubs and bars and stuff like that you know where does someone like me go to you know talk to people about anything you know just friendly conversation without any hostility but i get kicked out of places like that only because i'm socially awkward there because i can't act like everybody else i can't do that that's not me it doesn't work and uh and i'll get kicked out and that like that even happened there i got invited to do this love meeting in Canberra which was like it's a singles night about true love and I was like well you know that's all about me it's all about true love and I just wanted to go there to show my support then half an hour I got kicked out there's no no places out there for single people like me I can look beautiful and I can be very smooth with all of my actions and interactions and I can be very precise with my language and I can do everything better than everybody else except have friends. So standing around hoping that someone is interested in me and wants to

chat or sitting down you know having a beer alone hoping someone is interested in chatting and when they do usually they don't like the way that i behave and the american accent straight away bang people don't like americans here it's uh welcome to australia they they act like they do they use they use americans for protection and suck up to them officially um but no they don't like americans here they really hate them they think they call them septic tank yanks and i guess i'm not they don't call me that because i don't speak i speak on this camera not to them and i guess i'm an odd guy because i'm walking around here in the middle of the night with a camera but that's because all of you isolated me my whole life so this is the way that i learned how to be smarter than all of you because i talked to myself because none of you would talk to me and i get kicked out because you know i'm just standing there or something you know like i'm not the type of person that's gonna go out there and make a fool of myself like i don't do that i'm my behaviors right now is the same behaviors that you'll get no matter what substance i'm on and and no matter you know what position i'm in no matter what environment i'm in a very stable guy but we stick needles in people like me without their consent against their will when they tell you how horrible it feels so what does it take to be a friend of an australian should i dance around and disturb everybody or should i swear like every other word or should i throw trash on the ground like what is it that i need to do in order to you know have friends here you know i'm here because i love this environment um australia is a very beautiful country and it's my country because of that and it's more my country than your country because one thing look at the footage and uh another thing look what i do uh you don't even know your own country no one knows their own country i haven't met a single person that knows their own country so secluded so like am i the isolate like you might be i might be an isolate of humanity but you're an isolate of the universe the world everything around you you're an isolate in your own kind is it groups do i have to join lots and lots of groups that sit around and talk about subjects that they don't fully comprehend because they show no practical application of those words is it is it these interest groups that that only people have interest in they don't actually live of what the interest is, they just want to learn about it. So really just to talk crap with other people, it's an armchair philosophy group. That's what all groups are. Don't trust groups, groups are evil.

I have never made a friend from a group. The group, it's all about the group, the group this, the group that, the group's gonna go places, you know, it's such a group, you know, group, group. I don't care about that, I care about the individual. I don't want to talk to a group.

There's no such thing as a group. It's a conception that we have created to identify a collective that doesn't, there's individuals, the individuals, I don't care about that. I want interaction with individuals. And a group isn't gonna give that.

A group's never gonna help any of our problems. A group's never gonna solve any of our problems. What do you think the government is? Most evil group in the world.

I tend to just let people talk and listen to them very carefully. And eventually, they get around to condescending me and trying to tell me how terrible my life is when they don't even know who I am or what I do or anything like that. They're just telling me that I'm certain ways and I'm like, really, really, okay. Like, idiots.

When people query what I do, I explain to them a little bit about philosophy and mythology and how I go about tackling those subjects.

And they all act, you know, really interested. There's so many people that go, you know, that's what I'm right into, you know, my whole life I've been doing stuff like that. Like, wow, that's really cool, you know, we're like minds, we're like souls, we're like spirits. you know like and then you know like i give them the information to to see what i do but i never hear back from them like you don't hear back from people people just talk they're not doing they're they're just trying to give an appearance people don't know how to to have people don't have character anymore so that's all they can do is just give an appearance of of what they want other people to perceive them as and that will depend on the person that they're speaking to and of course speaking to me speaking about philosophy and mythology and really every other topic in our human existence uh yeah that's what they do what does it appear to be what do i appear to be look how many video views i get uh no one knows me but my content's way better than anything out there it's so funny do you know what happens when you create masterpieces of work that are built upon each other your entire lifetime yeah i didn't think so it's called a mountain leads to heaven dear ivory i tried my best to only speak to you but there's things that need to be said and you need to hear them too. There are two divisions obviously in

pretty much all my work and that's speaking to you and that's speaking to society. You know. You know what I'm talking to you. You know what I'm talking to society. Put one

on one together. It makes three. The only social places that I do not get kicked out of is quiet pubs where I can sit at the bar and enjoy a beer by myself I have been told many times throughout my life that I am NOT human this will cause one to eventually understand that they're nothing like any of you and then they will call home technology that broadcasts is an evolution in nature not humanity and you would be stupid to think that out of the countless stars in the sky that none of them would be able to create infrastructures similar out of all of Gaia's nature we are the only creatures that are evil and you would also be stupid to think that other creatures out there that could create such technology would be like us evolution baby Oh Mexican Mexican is my favorite food of all time it's really hot cuz I asked him to put lots of that sauce on heavenly habanara but the question is what do you think an alien species would think of us by coming across our airwaves? What do you think they would do to us by coming across my airwaves? None of you would listen and be

kind to each other, so I had to figure out a way to blackmail you. The universe We're just watching. Be careful how you act. Once they know we're here, there's many ways to watch.

I warned you all that I would do this for three years if you kept calling me crazy and ignoring my words. You asked for it. Save our ship. Beep, beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep SOS.

Beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep. Anybody out there? Anybody out there? Beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep.

We are humans. We are the stupidest creatures in existence. We do things for the sake of themselves. We have no heart.

Smells good. Sip up. Cheers world. Heavenly Habanaro in my heart.

Tasty.

Heavenly Habanaro. And that, they don't taste well together.

They gave me a lot. I love it when they do that. You know, the more I can taste it for like 10 minutes after. And then I can feel it in my eye for like 10 minutes after.

I kind of taste it in my eye too. So like, I ate the whole thing. Don't usually do that. But it was so hot and so good.

oh I love I love that experience I really don't know why I'm so obsessed with you girl I just really always have been by this I'm destined I'm destined for you you're gonna love me being obsessed with you love it now let's get this show on the road right activate I want to do it now oh it's all there always moves the first divine tragedy production that's all I'll say goes out I'm telling you when you make a web and build upon it the world is that your fingertips Now whatever you pronounce that, I don't really care, but that is my camera, and that is going to ride you with some really awesome shoes. Man, terrible. I've grown so much. ...and things you don't want to make, including, uh, playing with filters.

Filters suck. You know, I've been freaking homeless for the past three years And trying to make a living off my own talents And you don't want to make You don't want to enable me to make that living So I'm just going to keep doing what I do best And you have to assert to live And there are many different things So maybe you should try to live the life that you preach and then maybe we can all get along. I have to say it again. Do you know who I am?

I love you Ivory. I can't wait to learn your name. My mission in life isn't to become the most famous person in the world, because you know what? No reviews, but it's cheap.

Does more than what we want, but we could use all those features later. No reviews, but all the features sounds cool, so if it works, then it's gonna be really awesome. Haven't got this one before. All in good time.

All in good time. Refused? Really? I think it's limitations of the iPhone.

Open source is the answer, open source iPhone. So I just turned it off and then back on. Not gonna resume? Not gonna resume.

I'm supposed to. I'll see what it's doing over here. Back to zero, that's right. See what happens.

numbers. I never know what to interpret with them. I'm struggling to drink this and I'm really tired, dizzy. I don't mean like just sleepy right now, which I am, but I mean I'm tired. The brightest candle burns out the quickest. I'm burning out. But my rewards will be in

the heavens. And to be honest, I do not think I will find her in this life. But if I do,

I will get to watch a mirror image of myself do it all again. I hope I do. Maybe I should learn to spend my money a little bit better. But all I care about, Ivory, is finding you.

So I push my psychology past its limits In attempts to impress you That's all I'm doing I want you to be obsessed with me I'm already obsessed with you I need the same I need my mirror image Dear aliens If you want to judge humanity Then judge it from the best of them Judge it from me. I'm not happy saying that. We will all be judged by the best of our swords. And society will continue to crucify its saviors. But its saviors will continue to sacrifice their lives for them.

This is the cycle that our kind is stuck in. We have pinnacles of human existence who demonstrate what we are capable of. The rest of us become greedy and money takes over our lives. To whatever species might be receiving this.

People like me, few and far between, the pinnacles, the few, the prophets.

Our mission isn't to destroy ourselves, it's to help. We possess great amounts of empathy, and it makes us really, really sad about the state of affairs around us. and as a result we dedicate our lives in attempts to fix our problems even though we are crucified for it and we know very well we are doing we try to help we are very few and far between throughout time and you'll be able to see this if you just look at some of our classic books but we want to help so if you are to judge humanity by my sword and you are to save it but i cannot tell a lie we are very dangerous creatures And if you make your own existence known to us, it is only a matter of time before we try to destroy you.

You should kill us. You should wipe the planet of human civilization.

That is what is best for everything. But I am biologically one of them, so I am biased. There you have it, the truth, but I ask that you consider otherwise, and if you use technology that reflect the gods, the environment, nature, and you use that to teach us, then maybe we'll get better.

I don't know what it did.

Am I human? I don't know. I'm not sure.

I think I am. I think my body is.

I don't know about my spirit.

I'm not sure about a lot of things.

I intuitively know some things. I see it. I really see it. I see energy.

I see how the energy forms. I see how it's created or recycled, really. I see it. I don't know about me.

There's so many things I don't know about me. I always learn that I don't know who my family is. what I've been provided with is in a family.

I don't really know what a family is because I've never seen one worth anything.

I've always wanted to create one that was awesome. I hear about families that are good. I don't believe. How much can I believe?

I see a lot of things. I see a lot of things that make people think I'm crazy. A lot of things I don't know.

I'm really stupid in some areas. People talk over me a lot Because I can't converse like they do. Just listen to the background noise of my productions, like, you know, in order to understand what people are actually talking about. I have to listen to these things again, and again, and again, and again.

I don't know who I am. I see things entirely different.

My eyes are not like everybody else's.

Where did I get that?

Where's home? Home is where the heart is What a stupid social axiom My heart's everywhere Does that mean my home is everywhere? If that's the case Why do you people keep moving me on?

Then why is land not distributed with love?

Love is patient Love is kind It does not envy does not boast it is not proud it does not dishonor others it is not self-seeking it is not easily angered it keeps no record of wrongs love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth it always protects always trusts always hopes most difficult of all always perseveres i don't like saint paul but this passage always gets to me passage love never fails. But where there are prophecies, they will cease. Where there are tongues, they will be stilled. Where there is knowledge, it will pass away. For we know in part, and we prophesy in part.

But when completeness comes, what is in part disappears.

When I was a child, I talked like a child.

I thought like a child.

I reasoned like a child.

But when I became a man, I put the ways of childhood behind me. for now we see only a reflection as in a mirror then we shall see face to face now I know in part then I shall know fully even as I am fully known camera crying is like sex only better and we always become a better person for it it helps us learn it helps us know we're rocking out through our tears if you are to judge humanity judge it on the worst person in the world's tears then you will understand what you are dealing with with humans 49% I still can't remember that seven and seven equals 49 something about heaven but let's try again it's not gonna work for that started you can do it it's like the connection drops out because I didn't touch it for long enough or something starting to work okay I don't know if it's gonna work but I think it will so So let's just turn it off. Let's turn it back on. It worked last time.

See if it works. There's one file there, connecting, good. No route to host, no route to host. Oh, that's why it dropped out.

So, go back to here, see why it dropped out. Let's see, this is still broadcasting. Turn that off, let's turn it back on. Okay, active, okay we got it there now.

Okay, so then here, and let's disconnect, and then connect again, there should be one file there, it's connecting, why is it not there, doo doo doo, let's try this, and it's not on device, no, it's there, why is it, it's only 8.59, okay let's go device, let's Neo 16

Yes, it's supposed to resume, but it's not going to yeah, see there it's on now just dropped out So we can't just use a browser. We have to actually put it in the library. I really like Apple But I don't like how it's so locked Okay, so see what's with this like some letters don't work at all all all all all all all all so crap so crap so crap boom delete seeya i really didn't want to get this right now but it's the best but it doesn't support sound but that's what we're going to use splash top for so let's be poor let's be nightcrawler after i finish this production dear ivory i'm just going to teach technology online divine tragedy is yours but for nesmith.net i'm just gonna teach technology and it's not gonna necessarily be to you although it will help you in all of your adventures if i'm gonna be able to do i'm just gonna show what i'm doing but first before we do that i gotta finish this production i'll show you everything you can okay so what we're gonna do then is actually use this other phone not this one it's disconnected i'm just being stupid but we're gonna use this i mean i got it so you know at first i was like you know let's get rid of it but it's only this tiny phone and you know put it in my bag isn't gonna take much at all and it's a computer still and even Even though the battery doesn't last very long, it doesn't take very long to charge, and it doesn't take much of my power. So this is gonna be our uploading machine.

There you go, babe. That's how you do it. Just a note to all developers, you know, having something like this, like a tutorial, where you have to, you know, go through it and press start or whatever, like, I don't wanna read that. Your application should be intuitive for me learn how to use it by using it and if you can't do that then you're not making a good app and it's not reflecting the divine nature of our environment and I don't want to bother with it so make good applications mean this looks like it might be a good application but it should be intuitive make application make it where you learn how to use things by using them not providing an instruction manual. Checking emails, strong, bad, checking emails, checking emails, checking

emails, bad, strong, bad, checking emails, depleted. Be sure to do one at a time because it does stupid stuff like, hey, let's do 16 before we do 15 because dodgy programmers are retarded. Even Even though together we can build extremely complex structures, please do not expect us to be smart. You can relate us with every other animal on this planet if you desire.

That is about the level of our intellect, but we like to label something called an IQ and then that can make us feel smarter, or at least westerners. I'm not talking to two, I'm talking to three, building my audience. But dear Ivory, please realize that until this production finishes, even though it is under my reflected life, it is still yours, it's all about you. And all of Divine Tragedy and even the nesmith.net productions, which occurred after the sickle of Kronos, um, accidentally, uh, it's yours. It's yours.

So, please do understand this, really all of my words, yours, but, but it's not going to be, it's not, I've already done it, I've already done it, so, um, it's going to be for everybody else for technology, because if we can just learn how to use this technology appropriately, then we can do really awesome things. and my direction in life right now is about to go from you because I've already done everything that I need to do with you right now at this moment I'm going to be overloading you wait, I already overloaded you but that's the whole point but after this it's for everybody else it's really for whoever I decide at the time I love you every divine tragedy is what you need to watch everything that i do after this point watch it when you get around to it but divine tragedy is your that is your playground and then it will teach you to make your own and then we can combine i'll play in your monkey bars i'll happily fall off your monkey bars any day. If divine tragedy won't find you, then nothing will. Look into my eyes, girl. Who are you? This is who I am. I really love you with everything that

I have within me, and I will charge as many times as it takes until I find you. And when When I find you, the phoenix will be born. It took me a while to understand this. The phoenix is one.

Do you understand? Please understand. One. I'm done.

Can't do any more tonight. Couldn't even finish it. How unlike me is that if you know anything about me? I'm probably sick.

That's why I'm sick. good to go. I'm just tired right now. I'm ready. And now these three remain. Faith, hope. And the greatest of these is love. Good night my love. I love you.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-32-Warning-to-all-Humans

remember that your work is to save your own psychology remember that it is to save your soul today we will wash our burning beds while drowning our sorrows in the Holy Spirit maybe we'll never find enlightenment but if I don't die I I will find Eurydice, find my mousy, mousy, mousy girl, and administer the world.

I'll find you, Ivory, if I can make it out of this.

Let's reboot our lives one last time.

Why do people like me not go to hospitals when they should?

Dizzy.

Not because of that. it's because every time I go there I get stripped of my rights human rights we don't understand it and I would rather die than be a slave to your system Wow can't afford that I only got like $3.50 nightcrawler ooh mouse is an outfit this interface is a lot better you see see I'm I'm controlling it, the mouse there, I'm going like that, so there's a system, yeah, much faster too, much, much faster.

Crash, start Venus.

That fixed it.

The keys just didn't work properly using enlightenment. I think we have a fair way to go before we can do that.

But not me. I found it at the end of 1984.

Fatality.

like right there and right above me I don't like recording this stuff but like that's not cool like how many people are you disturbing seriously that was your problem you shouldn't have left it I've been following that thread for a very long time and a lot of that I put in my work and Google hasn't responded to any of the people haven't said anything at all so let me show you what Splashtop does beautiful I love it when these work like that all iPhone 5s are the same so there's not really a lot programming to change to make things work like if it doesn't work for me then it's not likely that it will work for anybody else with an iPhone 5 but it's okay because I paid money and all the businesses get the money but I teleport is amazingly fast and extremely easy to use too bad it doesn't have sound I can work really good on it it's uh it's worth it I could I'll try to get splashtop sorted out but I'm gonna use I teleport as my main remote server yeah I like it it's cool it's really cool let me show you the future. Anywhere in the world, baby. It'll go. It merely runs a Google page. How bad

is it for the chief minister, Katie Gallagher, to speak face to face with me when I am obviously declaring war on Australia and then ignoring me? Yay. This thing's gonna get me, you know, 24 to 48 hours each go pop pop pop okay so this app is really cool because it's very very precise and I can use you know the full screen and still be able to see like the iPhone 5 the text is really good resolution so I can still read it and still do everything that I need to do so you know I can work really fast on it and it's awesome it's awesome and it like I'm still getting used to like where's the control where's the control let's let's find the control here's the control so let's get rid of that one let's go control T yep see our new tab and then let's go to drop box calm and when I want you know I can still zoom of course but I don't need to hardly ever I'll do it for the camera so just look how easy it is so I got that now I got it anywhere you know just tap two fingers and that will bring up you know the right click button so I rename it and then I you know move it over here see it doesn't matter where I am on the screen I can move it around and yeah I can zoom if I want maybe it'll help me a little bit and then just bring the keyboard up and then you just right click again it's let's get it out of the keyboard I don't even oh wait wait I didn't have to right click well so I just gotta go here and then okay so I I screwed up because it's there, but it's okay. So I'm just going to go here, put it where it is there, and then space.

I mean, I could right-click there, but I want to get rid of the keyboard so I can have more room. So just paste. See, I did space in the wrong spot, so that's okay. I'll get used to it.

It's so easy. get rid of it actually enter see i gotta hit below like my fingers are hitting too high so yeah there we go so i just need to go here then go here and then download so no matter where i am i always continue where i left off and if i don't know what i'm doing you know it doesn't matter i just log in I go oh this is what I was doing that's how we build solid foundations if you spend 31 million dollars on computers for schools Australia I will make you look entirely stupid in front of the entire world I guess I've already done that but I can just keep doing this for the rest of my life look at all the footage I got haha idiots I know my material will be receptive to many Americans. I just haven't advertised there because I was trying to, you know, work on Australia. I also know that my stuff will be receptive to many people in the UK. So that's where we start. Let's expose Australia for what it is. And that

is only where we start. There are many, many countries in this world which my life will be invested into advertising my work thank you very much australia for being what you are so that i can capture it and expose you to the world i told you i was a spy all along didn't do anything what are you gonna do now like so now that you can understand that i'm a spy is that when I'm going to get punished for it like that doesn't work like if you're telling someone something and then they let you do that and then when all that kicks you in the ass then you can't punish them so you'll do whatever you do and it'll be funny just because someone is homeless doesn't mean that they spend their time doing nothing you assuming this has fucked you in the ass. Because after we learn how to parachute, the next step is teleportation. This is the last of what I've got. Let's get high. Let's fly. Let's teleport through the wormhole.

There are now countless subjects that are available to learn for free online because of me. And it would be pointless to reteach those subjects. Who's going down in history, my friends? And when those subjects get retaught in an inferior manner, they will get laughed at. At least by me and all the people that know me. And eventually that will be a lot

of people. Dates. Numbers. It's all there. And even though sometimes things restarted

on us and we have to do it all again it eventually gets there and so do we who I gotta set you a password psyche I'll just make one up and then we can change it when you get there it's not secure otherwise uh it won't even let you in without a password anyway so I'll change it on my account just in case but but it just does weird stuff. When you try to log in and see, we'll fix that. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom.

Easier way, go into Remoter, we paid for it.

Just connected.

Establish. we gotta hit something because we gotta wake it up and it's already there you see and I always try see the third incorrect password attempts I have so many passwords girl okay and I don't even think you know I'm just you see me like and eventually by doing that by messing up all the time I eventually get really really really really good really fast at it and know exactly what I'm doing um but passwords are it's 20 it's 20 like I bet you you know if like if I was in some other company I bet you I would get locked out of my account so many times okay so then we just go reboot I want to review the whole thing oh I got new mail see I'm not supposed to do that let's see what the mail is mail oops You gotta spell it right now. Let's check our mail Okay, here's my mail. I got one from Me well, I got one for me. I'll just go one

But it's flash See oh see I did. Oh, I did a that's I searched for that you see And I got a wrong password and see I was trying to be rude and it's telling me a notified route So I don't care. It's me See I told you I choose to I do stuff that doesn't work and I'm trying Okay, so then I just go sudo eBooch and then I put ePass Make sure you don't show your passwords to people Because you can always use you know mix up those passwords and make a lot of new passwords So make sure you don't because I really only have like three passwords and then all those three passwords get connected and interchanged ah noisy where is it it's raining too in my eyes can't see it I hate that all right so then we're back to logging in and then I'll show you I'll show you so from the beginning so log in as me and then you get to see some you know stuff and I go I have to think about what my password is you come back over here and then I just go this I gotta I will show you a startup script because this doesn't start up automatically so I'm going to make a startup script and I wasn't really gonna I'm gonna tell you this way, I was just gonna do it and show you it, but you go type B and C server, right there, so, and then enter. You press tab, and it'll complete it for you, but it only complete to what, I mean, there's other things, they're called type B and C, so if I did type B and C and press tab, then it would come up with all the other things as well.

But if I do type B and C S in tabs, I'll show you, I'll show you, like, see it started, but if I go like type B and C, and I go tab, tab, tab, see there's a few there's type type vnc connect type vnc pass wd and type vnc server um and to be honest you shouldn't really worry too much about those um you should know they're there but see type vnc server when you run it it will run these when it needs it but um but yeah so i just get out of here i'll get out of here so then i go into remote server pro make sure like if going to use a server consistently try not to give out the ip address but you know it doesn't matter because anybody can search for that but the more they know about your setup uh the less secure it is but it shouldn't matter because you're going to be cloning all this anyway and i'll show you how to do that later um all right let's let's go to i teleport connection error that's because we restarted it it's not I teleport we got disconnect you disconnect see I don't want to show you the IP but I think you've already have anyway but you go disconnect I guess I gotta make a new one so you gotta go make a new one and then select server select server type and then just VNC is fine and then the name see I don't mind you seeing this it doesn't matter none of it matters like as long as you keep your stuff backed up no matter what people do to it then you can always fix it so you go divinetragedy.tv put the port that you enter in your setup which is default ones but then you gotta put your username no no don't worry about username if you don't if unless you set it up with the username but you do have to put in the password there so we'll do that now okay so I haven't tested it but we're gonna try it it's trying boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom it's established and then we're there so you see you now we're here mousey mousey mousey mousey mousey see I gotta go lower cuz my fingers I don't know I gotta go lower so if I want that I gotta go lower but then I just go to system or virtual box let's visit your work this is how we do it this is how every child attains what they need to learn child child not adult seriously okay so now we're booted now we just gotta start Venus starter we'll work on mercury later there you pretty much done just got a few things to copy over but but then we're gonna do something interesting soon so we'll start it out with this one and then we'll do the other one and you'll see so I guess I just log in as me I don't even let me see if I can do it without logging in so I go back to let's teleport she up is she up is she up she up she coming up no so you just gotta log in there. So we just logged in. It only took a second like once we logged in. Boom!

So fast. We got 1.5 gigabytes to a Windows XP machine which is really good. They want to improve the experience by collecting data and I don't really like that. It doesn't really you know sit comfortably with me but it's okay um so now we're here and that means that this guy started you can see him right there let's get in night crawler mode and then you just leave it there i mean don't don't stop anything it's there it's good like unless you got like a crappy phone um that can't that that drains battery doing that but the thing is they time out after a while anyway and all you do is connect back to them so you you always continue where you left off all right so we got it there we got it we got it okay um that's how you start your your server and that's how you start your uh servers within the server and then you just leave them like that so you know i play around reboot and do all these things but you know once you get it running how you want um you know i'll do it right now i will show you exactly what i mean let's uh let's shut this guy down this guy let's shut venus down my beautiful mother let's shut her down it's funny this this version of xp there's one update that always happens okay so we're shutting her down okay so you see like this you know I'm seeing all these businesses evil capitalistic plans here I see the moon phase you know and see goog I see what it's doing and the thing is that like I hate stocks and I hate stock markets but you know being exposed to this every day again and again and again without I'm not trying to take notice of it but the thing is I I am, like, it's happening, like, so I'm going to learn the stock market really well just by leaving, I mean, that was default, and I was like, I'll leave it there because I'm not going to, I don't care about it, but over time, you know, I'm going to know, and I'm going to be able to predict everything, because these are evil companies, like, every one, every one of them, so, and it's really cool when I see the temperature, you know, I didn't even set that, I didn't even, it just did it itself, so when you're doing your productions and stuff you got that stuff stuff set and you're doing your own thing then you'll be able to track back the environment around you at the time that you were doing it and and you need to do that because you're a prophet and and these things are going to make a lot of sense later down the track because they're all everything's timed and what you do at that time there's a huge chain reaction um and if you capture it you know then then no one can try to disprove you um we go back to here so then then we're here so venus is shut down she's gone um powered off so now we just gotta right click that i don't know how to right click on this thing like i tried like it it never works for me but i think i can do it just by using these things like the right click works really well and teleport i teleport i do come on all right there we go clone you do most things without right click all right so now venus clone next cool clone yeah do a cool clone and she's doing it she she has like that much time left she's going up how long she's gonna Okay, alright, now she's going home.

That's about right. She'll just keep doing it there. Okay, so that's what you do, and I'll show you the uploading of that. I mean, it'll be quick because it's so easy.

But yeah, so then you upload that to the cloud, and then you don't ever have to do that again. You have this server permanently as long as you make a few backups within the cloud, you're not going to have any problems. And even, you know, have one on your person if you can do that. And if you can't, then over time, you know, make it where you will eventually.

Because you're going to take your life around with you. Anywhere you go, it's there. It's there. It's all there.

This is enlightenment. I'm teaching it to you. And I found it. But you can choose if you want it or not.

It's my gift that was given to me from divine manifestations. that really occurred as a result of oppression and being sad because of that and and not being treated emotionally well i don't know what your enlightenment is gonna do to you but mine made me feel not human and i'm looking for home see i'm gonna learn what all these flying things are in the air and then i'll know sort of what's happening and then i'll know where they're going and and i'll know it's kind of the time ranges that these things happen. It's how you become smart. Baa I am society. Baa. Let the rulers rule. Baa. Baa. There has been a few times where

government departments have said things like what could you do to us I could save you 31 million dollars as well as pass on enlightenment to you and maybe you want to reject that this good-for-nothing stargazer has nothing to offer you but I am NOT stupid even though I have to try a lot of things to getting anything to work because you guys can't make good things. What's wrong with it? L-O-V-E Love. Shut down. Your sessions. Bang. Try another one. Like I said, I know what I am. I'm not stupid.

Look at it. I like SFTP, so I think I want to do that one. I like that. This is the equipment that is provided to me to do these tasks i don't think it's working plus that's about to die

yeah what's with that failure must charge this other phone let's go okay so the clone's been created so now we got to go to here mouse and mouse and we gotta go to the system and then x term and then we got this and then we just gotta go cd v tab it tab tab tab oh the tab doesn't work on this for some reason so we just gotta go ls which is list so ls and it's there so it's virtual box vms take notice of this because this is good oh don't want to close that too much because it'll pop we clean up our tent a little bit get some dirt off okay so we got a CD it's a it's one right here you can type without looking at so I r t u a l b o x and don't do space see here's it's not that one but it's this one right here, and then you go back VMs, so that's like the space in Linux, so V-M-S. See it's not coming up, it's alright, we'll go return because we know we did it right. I think I do, I always think I do. Yeah, I did VM, see it's, until I get the other thing it's going to be a bit slow.

VMs is there, so I go LS, so I'm listing what's there, I'll fix the tab thing and show you and show you how i did that later um it's i think it's with debbie and wheezy it's only wheezy that's been doing it to me all all wheezy okay so ls already done okay venus clone so that means we go tar czf create zip file i don't know something like that and then we want to name it so we want want to name it venus.tar.gz and then we got to go to the directory so v-e-n-u-s space space and then space again and then capital c-l-o-n-e so we did it that's it so then we Yeah, boom. Let's see what's doing it. I'll come back. But it's doing it to Venus clone, so we can then just start up Venus.

Come on, Venus. Yeah, it's going. So Venus is coming up now. We'll do your password now.

That's how we remember. We just go to the screen, and the screen tells us what to do by us remembering what we need to do. Remember, you live a public life. whoo so now we have a clone that will help us always remember that we cloned it when we were in the middle of uploading video file including the video file so we're good we gotta do like this bring come on And then we gotta go, where is it?

I think it's at the bottom. See, this is stupid. Why am I doing all this? Do I really have to do all this?

Is it me that's stupid or is this just stupid? We'll find out. No, it's me. It's me.

I guess I had to delete it. Bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang. Oh, here it is. Action.

It's right there. Always in front of us. Highlighting it. Oh, wait, wait. Here we go.

So delete. Oops. make mistakes they're awesome they teach you so much can you just delete it do i need to double click on it for you to delete it no i don't know be patient i'm not very patient and that's what i screw up a lot i also do really awesome things really fast because of that and there we go it's gone so let's go here oh what's that doing i must have clicked on something what are you doing i just I just wanted to upload, like support, really. Is that where you're going to put me?

Like I just clicked the upload button. It's funny getting crap like this, but you should see what I did. And a lot of times I find out that I did something wrong and I'm like complaining about something like that. It's my fault, but I don't think this is my fault.

Like why the crap did I get here? It's not cool. What did I do wrong when I get here? I don't want to be here.

I want to be at YouTube. At the upload stage. Oh, here we go. Isn't that what I clicked?

upload is it still there it's still there oh really you gotta love how intuitive things are yes but already got that now give me upload bang bang see this is really good because I can tap anywhere on the screen I just kind of direct it where it goes and it does what I want to do loading it's like an upload button loading an upload button okay of course we clicked it like three times so it ignores the first one so we gotta do it again yeah you're capturing this is like this what you do you're testing out all the products you are the best critic in the world and if you think otherwise then you're not doing it right okay there we go here and do our normal thing zoom in a little bit let's get it there you're gonna go there yep one two three bang space and then scroll here and then again back up here what's happening and we wait for it, we wait for it, wait for it, wait for it, wait for it, wait for it.

Like we're gonna click around. I do that a lot. I click around and go, why isn't it working? Why isn't it working? Maybe I'll just click here. It'll work right here. Just click there.

Click here. Yeah, there. See? It's done. It's done.

Why will everything that I'm saying work? Because when you remove the device that requires constant power, you free yourself. You enable yourself to go anywhere.

Can't find my lighter. Where is it?

Eventually, all trails will be followed and all secrets will be revealed.

Eventually, all report cards will be generated over time. through character and then that will build a resume for the future employment of the child not your employment systems they'll create them you just destroy them there have been many times where people have misjudged my productions as being scripted you can't script this look at the times and fuck you i think it is you who are not reading into the words

i can tell you're just reading off a piece of paper in front of you i'm such an idiot my name's society or youtube just because i do not communicate in a manner that you think is normal doesn't mean i lack the ability to communicate the words i'm reading are ingrained in here and not only that i've told you how i produced every single production retard seriously and it's me that gets thrown into psychiatric wards idiots do you want to feel better than me is that your game i don't care you're better than me that's okay i don't care like what's your problem seriously there's this guy who's homeless i gotta figure out reasons why I am better than him, even though he shows talent in all the areas that I suck in. The constellations will come together and destroy not only your government, but your ignorant perspectives. You wanting to feel better than me has never been a problem. You hurting our environment, that's been the problem.

And even though I would be the most awesome prime minister in the world and eventually remove taxes because I would remove the government, I will not get elected. I will not even be on the electoral roll. I will be ignored and everybody will think I'm crazy, but I'm still running, so if you have a problem with that. You want to live a life of persecution and alienation.

All you gotta do is try to live a good life, we'll do the rest for you. YouTube might bitch at me for including things that are copyrighted in my productions, but seriously I'm promoting these guys, you know, and not only that, like, and when I get meaningful. whoever is watching this are you watching this are you watching this for this who owns the copyright you do who owns the law and i will get flagged in many instances as breaking copyright and maybe one day i will have to pay for it but everything i am doing is open source absolutely everything and one day have to pay for your actions it's not going anywhere so we will change the station a new open source world who open sources things that aren't even open source and eventually anything that's worth it will be advertised for what it is advertising no one pays me I advertise a lot. I also do the opposite.

Who knows? Just things people like us could tell. What does it mean to rock out? I'm showing you.

How do you rock? Let's rock the world, baby. You know I tried my best to contact the bands that I like the music of so I could include them in my productions. You know what they did?

They ignored me. I'll accept one, I'll accept the first, it's open source, and not because it's not a loud song, it's actually an open source song. Do you want to know what the one and only band out of many bands that I contacted that said I could use their material? Of course.

I was going to end it up to you, three minutes left on camera, two minutes left. Open source education is my future, that's all you gotta do. language in the world you should that's the heart the best that it can obtain and you can distribute easily it works one day you gotta do it first let's do it big strong beautiful man you're not afraid to cry for you open source everything even if it's not open source if you know my word I did a rendition of their song All The Right Moves over a period of three days, and I thought they would like to know about it, or I actually kind of wanted their permission for it. Stupid.

Don't do that. If the bands or companies or anything that you disrupt, if they have a problem with it, then you know what? You just go, hey, fuck you, and then you quiet it. because when they own the information they can mend it all they want so we're doing if you think that we're broadcasting only to humans and you are an idiot close-minded weekends watching bands at your local RSL club or checking out side shows come talk music with us just click the icons on your screen so So this is Pandora, this is the box that we open.

Lots of ads, all the time. And here is the song. This is it. This is the one I contacted them, I wanted to use it.

I wanted them to... You know I sing this like walking down the street and I'm kind of embarrassed. Everybody knows, everybody knows where we're going. Yeah, we're going down.

Everybody knows, everybody knows where we're going, yeah, we're going down. I think that's special. All the things that you like best in this world.

The shapes. Notice the shapes. Notice the numbers.

Everybody knows, everybody knows where we're going, yeah, we're going down. Everybody knows, everybody knows where we're going, yeah, we're going down. You can determine character by what they talk about. How they sound Everybody knows everybody knows where we're going. Yeah, we're going down

Want to show you what I do? I was about to die people think I'm really odd for doing this Here's your profile when people look at you funny You know you're doing the right thing

What moments do you want to capture? ivory

It'll all happen with every day

Every day to you open source the world whether they like it or not then say no no you're mine I'm yours let's combine spirits regardless of how many SD cards we use I want to hear your voice now not when you're older I will People get obsessed with your words, just as you are obsessed with mine. And the world will also get obsessed with your words. When you're running, stick your arms up, fly, you'll find freedom. And when you get sad about what tomorrow might bring, wait for tomorrow, and then it will bring your treasures, eventually.

um i'm australian saving 31 million dollars minimum over the next year uh that's not worth it because we got to follow what these government officials say and that's what we have to do isn't it uh 31 million dollars you know let's just kind of ignore what you know real government officials have to say about it because it's not like we want to actually flourish as a community you know a community called Australia it's not like we actually want good leaders or anything we just want leaders that don't lead leaders that lead us to the pit of Hades leaders that lead us off the cliff because we are lemons you will pay for the consequences of everything I am sang. You had your chance. Now it's time to shed. Let your children step in. Let them do what you

did not have the audacity to do. And then let me lead them to the promised land where you are not welcome. And when you get old and worn out, I will teach them to treat you exactly as you have treated them as children i warned you act honor walk it's not my fault it's yours for not listening uh what does the warning mean i'll show you it's already done you can't do anything about it you're gone you're dead skinned uh we'll oppress this guy who's giving us a warning from divine manifestations that are proven within his work and all i have to do is spend the rest of my life shining the light on how stupid you are and then your children will do the rest awesome a high five and then some of your daughters will get obsessed with me and i will choose the best of them to be my queen and if you do not embrace the relationship then it will be funny that's all I need to say and your daughter will eventually be revered as the goddess that she is and then I will promote what I did to the entire world and then otherwise individuals like me will take their place on the throne beside me with their queens and then the snake will bite you in the ass as many underage girls are taken by the best men possible and then pedophilia will cease to be a problem and child molestation will be punished severely by we the people you are really stupid society. You don't think before you act. You just act. Do you really think an entire life's work

from a gorgeous male will not achieve anything? Are you thinking? Do I have to say it again? Seriously. Seriously. Your daughters look at me and I look at them and then they look at me

And they go, and I go, and then I walk away, never to see them again.

They have the potential, not you.

Do you want to know how long I'm going to do this for?

Let's do the math.

I'm built to do it.

Minerva, give us wisdom.

Accept what you are, or you will never be free.

Dang. i don't know when it started started before that but that's the time that i was public i know it's me just because you think you understand what prophecy means does not mean you understand the events are set in stone but how those events unfold and what comes of them and who and why idiot Christians here it is as you wish buttercup not her you there we go that's what we're looking at we know I had no choice in being what I am but I am not what you think I am. But I promise you that even though my days are numbered and eventually my voice will fade out of real-time existence. Afterwards, be judged. And there is no one to blame for

it but yourself. We'll get to you. It just takes time. Do you want to know your savior your figure. It's the one that you want to crucify. Focus. We have this crazy guy who's running for

prime minister. Early says they're running for prime minister but it can't because we oppress them because people like me aren't allowed to run for prime minister. You have to have you know these structures with this family and you have to be an elite. That's what you have to be. You have

to be like we tell you to be. You have to think like we tell you to think. You have to converse like we tell you to converse. You have to make the decisions that we tell you to make. Because all

we're doing is running for an election. And in order to receive power, all you have to do is speak how the people want you to speak. Be how the people want you to be. And if we remove you office then you must accept that fact and allow us to do that but in a few years we might again use you so be prepared for any type of exploitation that we decide to inflict on the people tick tick tick tick tick tick tick let's turn it upside down. I have been asked many times during my life how I gained

the confidence to express my poetry and for the first time officially I will answer that question. I was told to say it. When Kevin Rudd documents his day-to-day to day life and how he spends it helping others only then should we even think about voting for him and I'm going to say it you're gonna do that anyway because you're an idiot oh well that was fast I don't believe it but it's there I sweat. Alright.

So what I'm saying? Coffee. Is there anything right now? Let's do it.

Alright. Coffee. Yeah, I won't be keeping you for that long. Let's continue.

Didn't update anything. Just hounded me. You're all gonna burn in hell. That's a good friend.

Thank you guys. Oh shit. I'm so hungry. Humanity is hungry for sustenance and we don't have any.

Recycle. Let's do this thing. Wow. I did the whole thing perfect.

No deleted scenes. I'm sorry that this is going to be long. I still have quite a few days left. It's all I'm driven.

You'll love it then. Good night my love. I'm not evil. Those who interpret that passage as that manifestation being evil have misinterpreted it. It is merely the prophecy of what is to come. I'll shave for you tomorrow my dear.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-33-Open-Source-Licensing

Broken home

Black eye So lucky I'm in love with my best friend If at first you don't succeed Try try again. No one ever said it would be so hard

Going back to the start Maybe I could talk you down Copyrights Look at this camera like I've just been using it for this production like you saw it began for this production and It's very broken Because the things that we create aren't made to last because that's not profitable.

Stupid.

And Apple locks the phone so you can't use Flash.

Which means that they excluded my liar from their library.

We don't want to exclude any content from any online library. The actions of unthinking and uncaring businesses will always lead us to expose their greedy hearts and eventually find better solutions.

Fuck you, YouTube.

And then we'll teach those solutions to the public for free.

Fuck you, Sony. This is how we explore, Dora. Let's do it. Let's do it. High five. High five.

Today we will go without music because I want this episode to be available to everybody on YouTube. I have found the truth with a capital T, but I cannot express it as our human language does not provide the words for it. all I can do is point you to it good luck in your journey let my countless truths with the lowercase t lead you to the big capital for three years I tried to get onto Google apps for education but they ignored me fuck you Google let's do this thing why can't we provide this service with all of our businesses the service just being you know being able to talk to someone listen listen at one point I will give everybody that has been through my productions credit titles in IMDB the internet movie database without their permission you You deserve it, because all I am doing is recording your actions, whether they be evil or kind. So easy, even a child can do it, I'm showing you how.

And even though I could spend a lot of time doing this myself, I will wait for the professionals who can help us get off bad drugs, like Google. If you are not a part of the solution, then you are a part of the problem. Smoke that. And that.

In peace. Do your thing, Persephone. It's been waiting ages, ages and ages and ages. And it doesn't even have a thumbnail, see?

I hope it's good. I gotta find out. I gotta find out where it is. We are immortals.

String your bow with precision. be afraid to do it again if you're unhappy with it. Listen up because I'm about to show you how to be safe doing all of this. Be careful not to fly too close to the Sun my dear. Those who commit their lives to enforcing an

oppressive system that they themselves do not understand are worthless individual value their lives and if you are not a pacifist they are your targets let me correct myself they live lives worthy of destruction because they have a constant negative impact on their environment that's you weave it dear girl bang claim your heritage this is the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy this will be destroyed by my soul not that simple this is tick tick tick tick tick tick so on saturday but to get the ticket that we need to go where we need to go. It costs too much money, we can never afford it.

You see, we don't wanna travel like that. I have your wrath right here. One man's terrorist is another man's freedom fighter because we're getting ready to parachute because people like us get stopped we are required to create methods to protect ourselves and we have an amazing world that repeats the same tones where am i now what about now what about now what about now what about now

you must be receptive to everything in your environment and be careful about disclosing parts of that environment that would give away your location until you finish your degree you must give away your location but don't worry people are stupid and it will take a long time for them to realize what you are but be careful some will this is your cartooning platform and it will follow you around for the rest of your life. How are you going to shape your existence? This is how I'm shaping mine. Let's fly. I dream of a world where I can hold your hand and walk down the street with

you without being judged for it. I dream of a world where romance is about the two individuals and not sex. I dream of a world where Venus is respected. Where am I now?

I need money. It's almost finished. I got everything that I need. We have enough time to minimize our belongings one more time. There is no warranty with this

unless you keep the box now these buttons on this camera acting up and the right button is rarely working it's sending me back to the main menu when I go right so this camera is now a pain in the ass and it did that before and then I got to replace you know it's the same story with this stupid tablet but and to be honest it's gonna be every single piece of equipment that does this um but But Apple, I've rarely, I've only had problems with Apple a few times in the past. And, you know, they build their hardware to last. It is good hardware. And even though they might lock everything, which is a pain, at least the hardware will last.

So, tomorrow we will be beginning a new type of production.

A new style.

And we will be packing this baby away. thank you Sony camera for getting me between three and four months each time that I use you you know I actually use equipment that I buy and and you know I don't have time to send it off for warranty every three months so I'm going to be using something that actually works it's waterproof it's everything proof that's life proof I love your zoom Sony and I love the way this camera captures images but I do not like hardware that breaks down all the time and that tablets been charging all day our new resolution our new chalkboard our new zoom much different I'm near the end yay and there's this one episode that was like trying to divide up and i was like oh i didn't even sleep that night at all like i just skipped i have two days in a row it's like oh should i make that one episode or i don't know i had to think about it odd i had to see like i know what happened but it's gonna be interesting i just saw a commercial your vote is one of the most important things that you have Bullcrap, that's your voice! Ugh, idiots. I'm not gonna even vote, I don't vote, because all you guys are idiots, like, why should I vote for something I don't agree with? It's a system that's corrupt.

Let's continue. The phoenix works. The rainbow. Can't make it public? Oh, oh well.

why did I video myself videoing myself formatting my drive that I lost a lot of data at least it's on the cloud it's such a dirt still no thumbnails I'm all in time to fetch water I have to stop because I want this to finish converting it's running out of battery this is a really long one my light is running out and I need more batteries but I'm not sure if I have the funds to get them I'll find out tomorrow ultimately I want USB rechargeable ones but you have to have an address for that but they're very cheap on places like eBay I really do love you humanity and I really only want the best for all of us and what we're doing right now isn't so I'm doing my best to help my gifts and I know a lot of you don't appreciate those gifts but and I guess that's okay but it's from my heart and and if you are watching this and if you are enjoying this then good not humanity. I hope Apollo comes up tomorrow. Time to get fingerprinted. Enjoy my regeneration.

I need this time. It's a relationship thing. He's drunk too. I want to help everybody.

I can't though.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-34-Trailer

let's do this thing Vulcan, Demeter, Poseidon Aries, Hestia, Juno Athena, Venus, Diana, Zeus Mercury, Bacchus Mart you will overlook the significance of this video but that just makes you an idiot because I just took over the world we will never see the light at the end of the tunnel we do not open all borders the government literally raped your children and you don't care sing along with me all children who have been molested stand up and publicly exposed who they are and don't stop how cool is this keeps going going and going had my other camera I could get some really good shots they're beautiful amazing I wish I could capture what I see and I always wish I need help. I can't afford bonds. I'm just trying to find a home. I've been homeless for over three years. Don't know anyone. No one cares. You get moved on. Homeless people

exist because those who are unable to conform to social norms are refused. Accommodation. This is oppression. Got to call the RSPCA. Got hit by a car. No one cares. First, they

gave a number to call when I called their head office and they didn't transfer me. And And now I've been waiting for ages on the phone, when there's an emergency, it's really bad. Listen to this guy, listen. Good job team.

They wanted my residential address. I'm going to be waiting here for a while. You okay? It'll be alright.

I know, humans suck, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Just keep consciousness, be alright. I hope.

I don't know, it looks pretty bad. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry, so sorry.

Get rid of all cars, I mean this is terrible, especially the speeds, you know people are going really fast by here, like almost hitting me too. They don't care, no one cares about anyone or anything anymore except themselves, fuck you society. This is what you do to people, this is what you do to everything you touch. Don't close your eyes, don't close your eyes.

Wake up, don't close your eyes, don't do that, wake up, don't close your eyes. Dear God, please save my friend. He's been waiting in his car for ages. Like I've been waving him, flagging him and everything.

Just waiting. You know, this animal is suffering, you know, it needs to be, you know, it needs help. And he's on the phone there, you know, he's just like, oh, la, la, la, la, la, la, la. He said there's a vet down there, I should just pick up the chicken over there, but you know, I don't think he's really in the state to be moved.

I mean, his whole side, you know, is really screwed, and he won't go down there and tell them that there's a hurt chicken here, and he just recorded my details and then left, said there's nothing he can do about it, so that's awesome that, you know, he was hassling me for doing this, like, really, what the fuck, seriously, fuck you, society. Now I gotta find the vet, never done this before, never picked up a chicken. Because all the cops in Australia can do is take down your name and your number, and then bitch at you for not having an address, and they won't even, they wouldn't call the vet clinic, they wouldn't go in and tell them there's something there, they said there's nothing they can do except take my details which they were required to do and then they arced up because I didn't want to give it to them, fuck you cops. Now I am dirty, smell of chicken blood, and can't even get a fucking shower.

That whole process took about an hour. That's an hour of chicken suffering. I made the vet promise me that it would give him pain relief. Expensive, but yum.

I just want to mention that I did that entire walk, including saving that chicken, without any drink. I was really thirsty. I now understand why Zeus punished Prometheus because he knew what we would make of fire. His exact words to me were, it's just a chicken. That is because he eats them.

But the extent of her human inflicted wounds were deemed more costly than what we have determined her life to be worth.

At the beginning of this mission, from the meaning of life, I was determined to help all humans.

But then I noticed how everybody responded negatively to the truth.

And adult after adult persecutes and not challenges my material. You can't challenge it, it's truth. And right before my eyes, I see them attempting to hide this material from their children. And not only that, exclude me from everything that they do.

There is not one good adult out there. And don't let any of them fool you. Thus, here and now, I cut the bloodline. No adult will ever get to heaven.

I am here for the children.

They are the only ones with the opportunity. You have now all been judged by God.

These are now his chosen people. The only people who will get the chance to find the promised land. I have now given you the map and now that I have done this I must change sides from human to nature no matter how cold the water is look at the reflections you see and to them you will learn intent. It's in the mirror. You will be able to

perceive all things. You will be born again with a new set of eyes. All things you are exposed to are there for a reason. Consider those reasons. Learn

them very well they repeat when it comes to what human nature creates time and time again people will tell you you don't know me but you know everybody and those who say this just stick to your guns and keep testing the waters and i promise you that every time your intuition will prove correct because everyone in this world hates people who think that they're better than everybody else but just keep thinking that and i promise you that eventually you will be mountain bang bang bang crack he's coming for you i hope you enjoy the show i may have lost my chicken friend today but this gave me perspective about many topics humanity you are going down you are the problem not our environment a little kid just asked me for a high five and we gave each other the greatest high-five that humanity will ever see now watch all of the universe back up my words and destroy you I will be helping it I will not be on your side you had your chance now go fuck yourself and and die. Why did the chicken cross the road to get away from humans? Good night world. I am a tracker and am extremely skilled at this job. For 15 years now I have been tracking

child molestation within Australia because I love your children more than you do. And I cannot stand to see them get hurt. So three years ago I gave up everything to track it with my life. And as a result, Open Source University was created to disguise what I was doing.

But I kept my mouth shut for a very long time. But I hid the clues all throughout the work. And this production is designed to lay all of my findings out in the open. All of the evidence is there, right in front of you, if you only look closely.

All of this work is designed to be watched backwards. You start with this production, and then move your way backwards, and the mountain will show itself for its size, bigger than any other mountain that this world has ever seen. Independence Year for Kids, this production will teach you what to look for in all of my other productions, the ones where I documented evidence. If you think me crazy, then I ask you this question.

Why would someone screw up their entire lives in order to bring this information to you? Crazy people do not do that. I know a lot of crazy people. Why do you think I came out of the closet?

Ivory heart. There was a plan. I'm not stupid. Every action that systematically destroyed my life was constructed to get me closer to solving the puzzle.

I have now solved it for you. You are being brainwashed by numbers. And as I came out of the closet in Canberra, our nation's heart, I was eventually connected with the people involved. And each of them spent three to five hours every week probing my mind about what I knew.

But I kept my mouth shut about my intentions and just shared with them my romantic ideology. They thought they were obtaining information from me, but I carefully constructed every single conversation to extract information from them based off their reactions. The truth has never in the history of the world been closer or more available to you. So before you make inaccurate judgments about my words, first consider the lifestyle that I am forced to live to bring you this content.

And now that you know, whether you believe my words or not, you now have a responsibility to do something about it. And when you do not, which you will not, then I have successfully completed my job, Dizzy. Because I am an angel of death, sent here to reap your soul. I just drew the line.

Enjoy my regeneration. As for the scenes that did not catch audio, fill in the blanks. That is your exam.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-35-Out-of-Our-Hands

Because after many years of internal bleeding, inflicted by the incompetent doctor that we call society, Butcher. While all of our cries are ignored, but eventually, Cronus and Proserpine will turn our internal wounds external and then shed them. I'm sorry, I don't have any food for you. Batteries.

My name is Wendell Charles NeSmith, and I am from Crown Point, Indiana. If you believe this to be somewhere in America, then you have an error in your interpretation. My heart. This is going to be huge. Let's see how big it's going to be.

Oh, I can't do that. Why? I can't even see it. Because of the light.

That's not too bad. It was just a whole bunch of files which took me a long time to go through. So it's good.

In rain or shine, in sickness or in health, I am the postman.

I will forever trust in God. If we replaced our cars with electric golf carts, we would solve many of the world's problems, including it going too fast for us to understand what's happening what about the noise how many people there's one car disturb let us learn how to use any bow because it is our string that is the magic let us collectively learn who we We should be violent against. They did not have what I need. God's time.

So cool because no one realizes that I'm filming anymore. I'm just addicted to my phone. Let's be smart. So when I press this button, it doesn't lock the phone.

And I just got it. And they have to send it off in order to get it. I've got film on here. And they can't replace it.

Even though online, that's what they do, is they replace it with everything. And could you explain to me the policy, please? Could you explain to the camera the policy? Can you please not film me?

Well, this is the policy. You don't have the right. Okay, I don't have the right. I don't have the right to do this.

But the businesses don't care.

And it is against their rules and regulations to expose them. I will be very happy with a fully functional iPhone. Here in Australia we sell faulty equipment and then we'll only send it back for repair. We will not replace it.

If you tell us what the equipment needs to do and we recommend some for you, then we will not swap it out if it does not suit your needs. Almost every single piece of technology that I have purchased over my lifetime has been faulty upon arrival. Maybe I am unlucky, but maybe I was sent here to teach you all a very important lesson. Because when you decide that you want something, you must keep it even if it's faulty when we hand it to you.

And we must send it away because we do not accommodate for travelers. They refused to give me the contacts of their superiors. All they could do was give me the number to customer support. Can you hear the tune Ivory?

Hear the tune? It's right there. It's right there. Hear the tune.

And if I take it back to Apple, it will void the Optus warranty. Because here in Australia, our businesses are not ran by people. If you have any problems that we create for you, we will pass the buck on to someone else. Booyah.

At least America has ethical return procedures. Fuck you Australia. In Australia, the customer is never right, because if the customer is right, then we wouldn't get to fuck them over like we do. I love being the most awesome critic in the world.

I actually try to use stuff and film myself doing it. And then people say, oh, you must not be using it right. Well, I mean, it's all documented. I'm very careful with my equipment.

Yeah, we're in America here. That doesn't happen in Australia. Focus. I really try my best to promote the businesses that I use but in order for that to work they actually have to not screw me over and that rarely happens so I end up just exposing them which is kind of sad because I want to promote everybody but you got to do the right thing in order for me to promote you.

I'll try your services, I'll try to get it working, I'll try, you know, just be a good person. And, and a company isn't a person. I'll show you what I'm talking about, um, I'll use my camera and, and show you the issue. Oh, that's it.

This is soft, right here, oh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, all right oh oh okay so it's working right now um but it won't so i'll show you when it doesn't but okay it's working pretty good right now but you saw it already not work but i'll do it with the case off so you can see oh that's awesome it's doing it itself i just see dropbox is just uploading what's in the camera roll so we did well okay it's been sitting there for a while so let's try now all right all right all right all right it's doing it it's just sometimes it won't work for at all for a bit oh yeah iphone won't upload big files over 50 megabytes should be connected to a wi-fi hotspot how stupid is that just in case it's the case i'm going to be pressing i'm going to try to do this try to give it more room how come we the people have been conditioned to think just because policies and procedures that it is an ethical action here in australia we only care about point of sale and the customer can get fucked until they have money to buy something else from us. It only does it a quarter of the time so you actually have to kind of see it when it happens but it was happening when I took it into Optus so they saw it and then they're like you know we gotta send it off and then I'm like you know I just got it and you know I'm a traveler i'm leaving soon uh i can't do that and they're like well you know tough yeah um so what i'm going to do is like because that's the only problem with it and in this case right here you know it makes it really durable and if i can make that the only problem for at least a long time then i'm gonna be happy with it uh but at the end of the day like that's not cool like you get this person who like at least America the people are respectful to to the customers and not only that they they really do try their best to not all the time most of time in America they really do try to try their best to make the customer leave with the smile and in Australia they don't do that at all especially if you're coming with a problem you're the problem when you're coming with the problem and that's a problem you know I burnt my passports but man I gotta leave this country like after I lose this election I'm gonna leave this hellhole so every time it irritates me I'm just going to mention it with whatever I'm doing and mention both Optus primarily and then Apple and they'll get the exposure that they deserve this is so cool so I just press this button on the side I don't have to worry about pressing this other thing this volume up button actually and it starts recording and then press volume up again like this let's learn a little bit so movie pro and that volume up button will start recording and it'll stop recording if i want to take a picture it's volume down um but if i go to the settings here and so that's the resolution i'm using the frame rate because i'm in australia i'm only using 50 percent video quality I'm not even sure if I need that audio is just normal I don't want it uncompressed it's just one normal but then there's this one right here the spy mode will make it where the recording the screen is not showing so it's recording without showing what's on what's there so that's pretty cool so no one will know if you do it that way which some situations that might be good for um but here's what i need to show you is save here that wasn't default app app library was default but putting in the camera roll is what we want to do because then we hook it up with dropbox you see this waiting for 72 um uploads uh but then and all those 72s are in the photos here and if we go to albums um camera roll so this is it this is what i did today all this stuff right here is what i did today and um and i got some videos on this thing right here that i gotta get off too but see that's gonna upload to dropbox and then dropbox is going to uh and then my server is going to download those from dropbox uh and then i'm gonna have to put the files on this thing i'm gonna have to upload those too uh eventually this thing will get phased out where i'm just using it every once in a while where there's just a few files instead of using it constantly um where i want really zoom um or how to do this to do what i'm doing now but you see i can use this to this um so it's only when i want to show my iphone that i have to use this guy right here uh but this is really cool it's really fast so let's say like i'm gonna have to go through these like and look at what so was this a mess up like so you go that works that works okay so that's stuff up i didn't mean to do that so i just go trash and then let's try it again i will be very happy with a fully functional iphone i would i would it's a very good device with this case too no i didn't like that one either what about this one be very happy with a fully functional iphone yeah there we go okay so this and i think there's a few i did most of my editing already with it um but i think there's a few scenes that i might have to go back in but before i upload and see how i upload um i'm going to to i'm gonna i'm gonna jailbreak this thing um and and i guess i'm gonna wait for iphone ios 7 to come out before i do that um because i can just you i can use the wi-fi on this like that will get me around it until then And then I got to wait a little bit after iOS 7 comes out until they get a jailbreak. But some of the features, like not being able to upload over 50 megabytes, that's not good. Like over 3G or over data, that's not cool.

So that's a big limitation. Yeah, see, we got this. And you can see the thumbnails. We got thumbnails now, yay.

So delete those. and and then i have this one at the end so i know like i saw there was three because no one realizes that i'm filming anymore yeah no one realizes you see there's two here um but there's two there for a reason because those are different ones and i had to figure out which one i was going to get um i actually got this one right here and then i read about earth like i wasn't 100% sure what that middle one did right there um and i've seen some powerpoints that don't accept that middle one and i wasn't sure if mine did so i got that one but then then i read earth and i had to get gaia i had to take the risk and i thought my powerpoint would do it um so that's good and so that's what we're dealing with uh like i don't what are these i don't know oh this is like screenshots okay i don't know oh that's from the button you know playing with the button again and again trying to get it to to lock it does crap like this so there's a time that's the time i try to get it locked too just delete it try to get a lot there too so there's not just videos here but there's also pictures and you can see like the scenes so if you set your scenes up to be different every single one then you can know like if you do like most if you're on the move and you do lots of different scenes mess up a lot then it doesn't matter because all you gotta do is track back you know I think I think that's it I think we know here's another one so here's two seconds of five seconds so let's see what we're doing because we use because when you do the delete and then yeah about that one seven and eight is that same that's probably different if I take it back to avoid the office warranty yeah that's a different one so so those are all good like so so now we got all the stuff that we need to upload um and and when i'm ready so 68 we got there and i got you know whatever i'm gonna have at this you know uh at the end of the day that i gotta upload and then i'll put i'll download them on the windows xp machine and then i'll put them through the video converter and then you know i'm done that's it wow look what we did like it only took us like a whole bunch of years like i've been planning this for so long i told you i told everybody you know I've been thinking about how I was gonna do this for 10 years and when the technology came out I do it but you know I'm just crazy yeah so so you know once once this guy finishes right here then then we'll work on getting all the all this stuff uploaded and I'll be working on lots of productions at the same time we're almost finished here it's good so this is gonna yeah see it's working now it's working now I like it working but I'm not gonna I'm not gonna take it back for this issue because there's a pain like I can't do it I'm a traveler I can't do it sorry sorry I can't fit into your systems you know if I was in America it wouldn't matter so much because you know they would have replaced it for me especially when I walk in show them the issue happening like when it's happening I'll just I'll just expose them I'll just talk about it because this is down in history now um so i can talk about it as long as it continues to happen that's why i updated that's why um because i thought oh maybe it was a problem with the button but the thing is i couldn't update unless it was on a wi-fi point so you know i had to wait to get this um and get everything set up in order to even even try to update to see if that would fix it because you know i thought it might be software because the button seemed to be working but but it just wasn't responding so so you know I've tried the software update but no yeah I'm awesome Australia you suck for some time my love I thought you might be Australian for some time I also thought you might be in Australia if you're not Australian but now for being here for the majority of my life I am starting to consider otherwise. So I am expanding my borders out and will reach you as soon as possible. I will follow the places that God tells me to go, and eventually I will find you. But I will not be able to leave until after I fail the election, after I am

ignored for all that I've done, and I'm running it, I'm running it, I've done way more than all the other politicians, you know, they don't even know the word. So after I get rejected from Australia, publicly documented in evidence, then I will be trying my best to leave here. so I'm going to be getting my passport sorted out as soon as possible and then start looking at tickets and trying to figure out where this guy's going to lead me because because that's going to lead me to you I love you girl I can't wait to find you there's one thing that I hope we won't have to worry about but you can see that this is you know the right way up but you know I have to go like that because that's the way it wants me to do it because that's the way I recorded it but i record using you know 360 um so it shouldn't it shouldn't do like that like it should it should it should still stretch it like by being like that it shouldn't um so i'm hoping that i don't have to rotate those before i convert them that would be annoying if you do something like this then over time set it up so it just automatically uploads after you record it so uh you know in time this will be very very fast and you can just record and then you have it on the cloud like uh almost right after so you don't have to worry about it and i know you're going to be recording some pretty scary stuff so you got to make sure that that they don't take that video video footage away from you like and i'll just uh i'll just was about they they they like you know wanted to delete what i recorded and man i i've stood up you know and i'll do it you know my life is on the line for this and and uh this footage that i captured uh well well it's my footage uh but it's it's not it's it's not their footage to delete and and just because they don't want uh bad exposure you know they knew i was a filmmaker the first time that i went in there they knew i was filming stuff the first time i went in there but it was okay because it was good publicity because i was just about to get an iphone and and and show the world how cool optus was uh for their plans and and what they could provide um but then when it turns bad on them um then they're they don't accept that and you know this this will turn like this can really turn into police coming and stuff like that uh and if you get that footage on the cloud before you could your soul can rest um and my soul hasn't been able to do that because we haven't had the technology to do it until now and and I just worked it out all for you so you can do this this comfortably we're so awesome yay window and ivory sitting in a tree so once you watch it and you know it's good huh next one yeah you know it's good next one this is really good quality this is gonna be so easy once I get it fine-tuned. Once we get it fine-tuned. Yay! Let's try this guy.

Booyah! This is our job, dear Ivory. Come here. Come here. Come here. Go get it. Here, I'll sit down.

Because when we feed the disabled, all else will come. The noisy miners will feast out of our hand. Fighting lines between the parties again. Blurt and the panel were released to avoid vote 1.

While Pinyar or she now reserve the rights to switch teams to the families. German voters vote 1. For the alternative Green Party.

The politics of the social democrates.

The little team to embrace one for the conservatives. In the past, families would often all vote the same way. In the case, for example, I don't know how much where my children are going. almost half German almost half Scottish and a little bit of Cherokee Indian who in this world wants me Australia has demonstrated over many years that they do not let's finish threading our bow I went to Canberra to become a real politician, but I quickly found out that they do not have any.

They ignored me. So now I will spend the rest of my life searching for a country that has a heart. But unfortunately, because of lack of space, we must pass on the things that we love. Blanky.

And because of our need for batteries, we will go a day or two without food. But that is okay, because we can go two weeks. They rubbed it in the Florida night. Inside, 24 people were on night shift when the blast ripped the roof off.

Fueled by 53,009 kilo cylinders, they prepared for a heavy top. that were transported to local hospitals, 15 unaccounted for. Two of them, we know, escaped the plant and found injured. But within hours, all those missing were found alive, hurt, and shell-shocked by the blasts inside the Blue Rhino plant.

Count your blessings. They won't keep coming. But for now, we will eat as the royalty that we are. I'm pretty sure that someone keeps on trying to hack into my server, like here's what I get.

This keeps on happening and I have to stop VNC and then start it again, but I'm not using it and I'm not failing my authentication either. So that's a problem and I'll check the logs later and see, but what I'll do is I'll change support and if it does that people are so stupid like there's this guy who's given us entire heart so you know let's try to fuck him up so we should do okay so 16 is stuffed up you can see plus like that's why I wasn't getting the thumbnails it's not working so that means that I gotta find one that is and do it again because i gotta do it tomorrow i checked the vnc logs and discovered that multiple people at least two are trying to hack into my server from different locations you know i'm here giving you everything that i got within me and you know i don't get emails anymore like from you guys you know want to talk but but i'll get multiple people trying to hack into my server um which is kind of pointless anyway because it's all on the cloud uh but but i'm everything i'm doing is secure so i've i've then changed the settings and i'm using a different method which is better and even cooler but i can't show you how to do it because If I did then the same thing would likely happen. This is the world that we live in. Sometimes this thing just goes really really fast.

I'm caught up, well caught up with the uploading so I'm getting less scared. I still got the Nimbin Adventure, let's do it. The reason why it selects more than I want it to is because this gets left on and I accidentally delete a lot of stuff or rename a lot of things but see you should know when you go to your desktop like when you press this thing which rearranges everything see that how shift is still on like and then see look it selects all those and I'm not you know I'm working fast so then I'll rename it and I'll rename all those um but that's still like even though it's my fault um that's still a bad interfacing problem because why would someone want to rename all the folders to in files to the same one and why would someone uh because you know i use that shift the shift stays on so i use it to select stuff and it should go off after i select those things but it stays on even though so it should like be a you know it should recognize when I'm finished with it and it doesn't, so that's the problem, figured it out, and I'll be more aware of it in the future, but it's not my problem, no matter how much Microsoft wants to say, it is, it's not, so let's continue where we left off, stop doing it, see, okay, take off shift, take it off, it's like on there, it's not on there, okay, there's some problems, you know and it rearranges everything so you can never know like so this will be selected but like maybe all these will be selected too and you don't notice all those but you're just looking at that um so it's not good it's not good um let's continue focus focus when using your chalkboard you should really use a bright screen and the only reason i haven't within some of these productions with this guy is because the power problem but it's a lot easier to read it and you don't want to hurt the eyes of your audience I just wasted an hour doing the same episode again I was like I thought I already saw this and and then I looked and I was like oh I'm uploading 23 and I'm in the 23 folder, and I need, see I got there, and I need to be here, okay, let's do it for real this time, my eyes, I can't see this, this iPhone thing, it's bright, like it blinds me, but it's good fun, you guys should notice that like, every time I have a light that's shining right in my eyes, I got awesome eyes, I really got awesome eyes, Let's get it right this time. This iTeleport program is really awesome.

I can use it both on Linux and Windows so I'm very very happy with it because see it doesn't matter. I can just move it around now anywhere and I can be as precise as I want because it's just a really cool way to do it and now I just want free protection. So this iPhone is really cool and I'm very happy with it besides the button issue. But who cares?

It works eventually. Like sometimes it will take you a few minutes. What's best to do is when the button doesn't work so you're pressing the button and the screen is not turning it off, all I got to do is I'll just put it in my pocket just forget about it. it'll hibernate automatically so I'll deal with it but man everything's coming together really really really well yay we did good I am extremely exhausted from all the work but I'm now doing really good I'm in the rhythm and I'm gonna produce like a lot more like Because everything's set up, like all of the pieces are falling together.

The puzzle is being solved. Uh, so I just marked my place there because that's where I was. I don't usually do that. I usually do the whole thing in one go.

Um, but this is what we're going to do before I go to bed. We'll find Blanky a good home soon But we'll treasure our last moments together Good night my love, I'll see you soon Enlightenment is just around the corner



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-36-Taxes-to-Kaiser

The roof is on fire. We don't need no water. Let the motherfucker burn. Burn, motherfucker. Burn.

Fuck the fans. By using a high resolution device, you can still capture very good quality images that are very small and make them appear much larger than they are. and if you still want to get even better quality you can zoom in on it let's continue where we left off always so i gotta do number 23 again because i found a more natural cutoff point so a very uploaded and everything but it doesn't matter because we're ahead of schedule so that's what we're doing there i'm disgusted by what i see from you kevin rudd i have just come to learn that where i have been called to next i can't afford the accommodation but that is okay you'll see what i'm gonna do this is where it happened where the mistake was made the reception was cutting in and out and i wasn't getting much reception at all like only every once in a while get a little bit of reception so there it started and i couldn't do that i couldn't change that for a while um but that's the file that's the time and and if you look i dropped reception after that and it was uploaded to my reflected life instead of divine tragedy and that's the divine tragedy is that this is my reflected life thank you simon only 10 to go but i made sure that i would be good for tobacco i just gotta use this guy oh this is a long one for you babe i don't think i have to really talk about that um look just look at it and then think of what it would take for the driver to get out of his seat. If you haven't noticed, my sleeping problems are resolved, just not the times, but I don't want to resolve those.

Why should I have to conform to society's schedule? I conform to two schedules, sun and moon.

Why does it cost so much just for a human individual to exist? What creatures do that?

Evil ones. Now let's finish this really long episode. I know how to interpret it. I now know what to do.

I never ended up capturing what I wanted to, but I did.

And I did not have to pay. I am not happy with the amount of rubbish that I produce, even though I produce much less than most people. Why does my equipment become rubbish so quickly?

Why does the foods that I can afford usually come in containers that will biodegrade very slowly? How did recycling become putting something that you don't want into a bin with a yellow top?

There it goes. Ripple. Halfway there. Okay, so all I'm trying to do is install a free app.

it's gonna ask me to see it's signing required so I'll come back and show you but I got no money on my card so watch this so because I have no money on my card there's a problem so I can't install a free app because there's no money on my card it's getting some XP gonna smoke it up I filled out quite a few of these they don't listen here's my complaint fuck you mental health I will not starve this week fuck you say it as many times as necessary forced with needles a nurse following me around forced with needles fuck you fuck you uncooperative because you're fucking me up with needles look look okay so they removed what I was complaining about yeah they removed it even though they told me it was gonna take like three weeks they removed it because I kept on going crazy because they wouldn't and then and then right after they removed it let's focus stable now really psych review okay let's let's look they transfer me they postponed the transfer okay and then we he actually got a review, a real review. Impression? No acute mental health issue. Eccentric personality and lifestyle. Currently homeless. Let's continue. Let's get it all. Come on, focus. I've already

gotten it once. But you need to see it. You need to see it. This is what they do. They

don't care. They'll take everything away. They don't understand. They don't care to understand. They prefer to shoot you with needles and ask questions later. They prefer

to get lots and lots of wardsmen on you to tackle you. And when you are harmless, when you are caring, when you are loving, go to hell. Focus. These guys call the cat team on me the site team i'll fill it out later fuck you max employment it'll happen one day these guys have spent a lot of effort to make sure it doesn't fuck you australian government i'm coming for you it's coming for you i catch it but sometimes it just won't do it at all i just have to keep on going but i don't have this camera on me so then i come back here and then and then it starts doing it again but you see it more XP see if I can follow him Take your can.

We'll find out. I was going to ask why consumer based products are not built to last. But instead, I will tell you, it is so you keep buying from them. Warning, warning, warning, warning, warning.

You are the salt of the earth.

Shrine some light on it.

Why is it okay to oppress eccentric personalities?

When is it okay? For Australia, that is all the time.

Ah, let's go cleaning. now let's mix it now let's slice it up now let's smoke it oh did you think I was talking about the drugs oh sorry you misunderstood me always at the window so this is at my PO box in Canberra and I can get it when I get a P.O. box to the new location that I'm going to. So whenever you travel to a new location and you're going to stay there for a while you need to get a P.O. box. So what you do

with this is you put this end right here in the dirty stuff in the water in any any water source that's not salt water so it needs to be fresh water and like a puddle will even work but try to find a nice water source I mean good water is good and then you pump this for about a minute and then you get your water and it's clean this is this has this guy and that's how we do it make sure you appreciate those who help you on your journey even if it's just a business that's selling something like that really means a lot to you. I really played on the badge they gave me everything that happened. I played on everything. I welcomed everything that came. My tablet dropped and I made a joke about it. I never cared. You gotta

react only once you contemplate. Once you understand then you react and then Then you'll, that's what character is because your actions will be thought out and you won't be just responding to what's in front of you, to what you might not like in front of you. But if you don't like what's in front of you and you contemplate on it, then you can build uh mountains of arguments uh that that will will destroy every everybody and everything that gets in your way so say no one's gonna mess with you no one's gonna be able to they're gonna try they're gonna try and just use these methods uh and make your own methods uh depending on your own personality on on how you're gonna deal with it um but oh you're gonna do some damage girl high-five high-five with the light high-five with Apollo when you receive your degree from Open Source University notarized by Zeus himself you will then be free you will have entertainment that will educate you for the rest of your life and it will fulfill every one of your most passionate desires it'll fill the void in your soul it is the emotional medicine of Apollo it'll make you independent and rely on no one else but yourself you will never suffer again because in order to suffer you have to care about what's gonna happen now let's go feast every way possible for the rest of our lives we got both each other's work and then this is gonna get more popular and then you're gonna have more people's work so you're gonna have a lot of people that do stuff like this you got lots of entertainment but if that doesn't happen you always got your own So let's start the ways of society in here and let's change the world let's start a revolution. Let's have a revelation

Listen Okay Yeah, when I do footage right, I don't need to review it. I you know, it's so simple doing stuff like that. I just do it

You know that doesn't usually happen, you see all my work and that doesn't usually happen, I'm telling you guys, you gotta listen, you gotta listen, you gotta listen to this guy, please do, otherwise we're gonna die, we're gonna burn out. You know just after I made the food, something big happened that wasn't expected at all, and it's all fixed, it's all changing, everything's about to happen. One here and one here. What is that?

Do you like my bow, dear Ivory? Katrina didn't even care. People don't. Language? Public language.

Just what are we giving the world? Itself. We exploit the gods. Taylor Cain just says, so your book is written with clear bias and you're trying to say it's academic.

I think that's like having a Democrat write a book about why Reagan wasn't a good Republican. It just doesn't work. What do you say to that? It would be like a Democrat with a Ph.D. in Reagan who has been studying his life and history for two decades writing a book about Reagan.

But then why would a Democrat want to promote democracy by writing about a Republican? I mean, I see that the point is that... May I just finish my sentence for a moment, please? I think that the fundamental problem here is that you're assuming that I have some sort of faith-based bias in this work that I write.

I write about Judaism. I write about Hinduism. I write about Christianity. I write about Islam.

My job as a scholar of religions with a Ph.D. in the subject is to write about religions. And one of the religions that I have written about is the religion that was launched by Jesus. But Reza, you're not just writing about a religion from a point of view of an observer.

I mean, the thing about it is, is that you're pointing yourself as a scholar, and I've interviewed scholars who have written books on the resurrection, on, you know, the real Jesus, and who are looking at the same information that you're saying, to say the real information is somehow different from theirs, is really not being honest here. My information is not different from theirs at all. I'm afraid that it sounds like you haven't actually read my book or seen what I've said about the resurrection or about Jesus or about his claims. I think you might be surprised in what I say.

And there have been thousands of scholars who have written about this very same topic, many who disagree with me, many who agree with me. That's the thing about scholarship is that it's a debate over ancient history, and I am one of those people making that debate. I think it's unfair to just simply assume because of my particular faith background that there is some agenda on this book. That would be like saying that a Christian who writes about Muhammad is by definition, you know, not able to do so because he has some bias against it.

And frankly, every book that's out...

That is the face of our world.

Today brought many things. Let us see what tomorrow brings I will prove my love to you every day You will always be the apple of my eye Good night my love Don't let the bed bugs bite



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-37-Trust-and-Obey

It started doubling up, it's right here. I almost copied it over itself, glad I didn't. Last night I had three bad dreams that showed me potential outcomes that would not be desired as a result of my work. So today, let's make sure those don't happen.

Let's tie up loose ends.

I will not have sex before a marriage.

Don't even think about trying.

There are many people over the years that try to convince me otherwise. And to be honest, they just get creepier and creepier.

And more and more aggressive.

And more and more cunning. My girl is between the ages of 9 to 14 right now.

No exception. I no longer care about the flawed opinions of anyone older than this, and my foundations for this statement is a lifetime of experiential data. Right from the moment that I walked in, she was extremely rude to me, offered me $80. Photos of me, without my permission.

This is what she's doing, she's following me. What are you doing? What am I doing? Oh, she's following me.

She's following me. What are you doing taking photos of me, dude? What are you doing taking... You're not allowed to get it off right now.

Get it off. I'm calling the cops on you. You're breaching my... You're breaching my fucking privacy, dude.

You're breaching my privacy. I asked them to be filming. You're filming me. You're breaching my fucking privacy.

You're breaching my privacy. You're breaching my privacy. You're walking up the fucking thing filming me, dude. Stop talking.

Call the cops. I fucking will do it. I fucking will right now! So we have the cops coming.

She offered me $80 and then took it back because she said the charger I provided was not the original charger. But the charger I provided was an extra charger that I purchased separately on Ebay in order to have an external charger. But she was rude to me the entire time. I love my job.

Pierce it. I took many photographs of her. I accepted her proposal of $80 even though I knew I was getting royally screwed. But then when she said she was going to drop the price because it wasn't the original charger, even though that was an extra, an add-on to it, including two extra batteries that came with it, I walked out, and then you saw what happened.

Let's become a different person because of the disruption that we caused. So easy, even a child can do it. But every once in a while, we will find a little bit of love.

But not from here.

All they can do is... I am kind and respectful in all of my interactions with people. But Australians are racist. so instead we will trade our camera for a pair of socks but we will double our profits that is how you use a tv stick a quarter past 12 it's 11 59 right now I'm going to zoom in on him.

Bye bye. I love my job.

Beautiful bird. See society? Nature. Society, nature, we make it fly away.

Feast for the rest of our lives. We've already fasted. Let's share the love.

Minerva, Athena.

After I thanked them, they told me to stay for dessert. but I have already filmed my dessert for today we are the best sociologists that our world has ever seen and likely will ever see when we walk with the Lord in In the light of His Word, what a glory He shines on us. While we do His good will, He abides with us still. And with all who will trust and obey.

Trust and obey, for there's no other way To be happy in Jesus Is to trust and obey Not a burden, not a sorrow we share But our toil He doth richly repay Not a grief or a loss Not a crown or a cross But it's blessed if we trust and obey Trust and obey, it's 1-13 For there's no other way To be happy in Jesus It's to trust and obey The delights of His love On the altar we now lay For the joy He bestows Are for them who will trust and obey Trust and obey For there's no other way To be happy in Jesus Is to trust and obey And in fellowship sweet We will sit at his feet I will walk by his side in the way What he says we will do Where he sins we will go Never fear, only trust and obey Trust and obey For there's no other way do that with our government let's continue just so you're aware using an Australian mirror when the server is in America is pointless but it works really fast so I don't care because your children will stop providing this for you because I tell them to. I gave you all plenty of warning but you ignored me. Now you will pay for your sins. Diana's music will put us to sleep. Without even uploading

an episode. I was too exhausted. I had a bang. I found this at the Australian National University.

The scene appeared as if someone had fallen off their bike and not picked it up. It's all scratched up. But it is LED and it has three modes. It is very bright.

And the battery lasts a long time. This has been my best light. Warning. Warning.

Warning. Warning. Warning. Warning.

Warning. Warning. Broccoli and cheese is my favorite food combination, my love. Oh, it's just going to be beautiful.

Someone stole my beetle shirt.

But that is actually good news. Because I was going to accuse them of blasphemy against my lord. And then throw it away. At least this way, someone who likes them will get to wear it.

I have a lot of work to do so I won't be doing anything else tonight but I will talk to you tomorrow more about the dreams of last night. You won't believe what I've just done. You've done it. We're good. You'll see. It's awesome. Let's turn that off. See if that helps. I didn't really want to talk about the dreams but I was kind of told to.

It's all been sorted now. Let's do this thing. Focus. I am one of, if not the, hardest worker that the world has ever seen. I just produced that, that, and that, and that one.

And now, converting. That was so hard. I'm not gonna get much sleep either. See how bright this thing is? Like, look.

You see? It looks like it brightens my whole tent. Like, I'll turn this off. See?

I gotta say. Turn that on. You see? Changes everything.

And it's really good on batteries. Goodnight, my love. The reason I work so hard is because of you.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-38-Medusas-Reflection

Here's the trick that I learned off the guy who told me to get out of Canberra. Bang. Today, let's finish our God-given mission and claim the freedom that our Messiah, Jesus Christ, promised us. Throughout my vast journeys, I have found many people who claim to love mythology, yet not one of them understood any of it they might know a story or two usually Perseus and Medusa but they do not understand the meaning of it for to them it is just fictional stories there is no substance understood by them and when we lose the ability to comprehend how these stories relate to our own lives then they lose their value we pave a road that should be dirt this is all our species can do anymore

hats won't protect you from what's about to happen neither will your mask i love you blankie i love you ivory i love you jesus

no places for humans to walk

warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning Warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning, warning interested in my work none of them even looked at it okay so dropbox resumes I'll show you so we just go bang bang bang so this one's 29 I think five seven six three is that right we'll find out but yep so we got to go close rename so you got okay so then you go 29 enter and we clear that and we'll close it because we don't want to take it up any memory this is down so we cut oh let's play it make sure it's good it's good we can see the thumbnail you know the thumbnails there it's pretty much good maybe you don't have that problem with the sync issues anymore or the other problem with the audio cutting out anymore because we don't use vegas it's easy we just go cut in the air and just go paste and i'll come back after to show you okay so then we close out of it because we don't want it open while we eject it and then we just pop it out hey hey hello wait for it we're always waiting we won't have to wait soon she's preparing who's allowed to do it and this thing uh-huh turn this off actually we'll change it so it's running the media scan always wake up before I set alarms so I don't know where I do it like always and I just I kind of I'm tuned in body clock I said scanning and then look I'll wait for it to finish scanning it probably wouldn't matter okay it's completed and we go to it okay and what you'll see like basically it has to check what it's done so it'll take a little bit for it you know it'll look like see it looks like it's starting over um but it's not uh it'll it'll go up real quick and then it will continue where it left off uh i'll show you that i guess when it happens see how quick that's going up it's just checking through the file and then it'll continue where it left off like at first I thought it was restarting it every time but Dropbox doesn't do that which is really really good the sync though did but I think that was to do with file names we'll come back to that later you'll see it's gonna do something cool but for now let's continue with 29 I missed it focus autofocus never works well through things okay look at this um this is really pathetic okay so i got it on camera me canceling this service right i'll cancel it look look they like they didn't give me what i paid for i already paid for a server and they they just ignored me so like they stole from me because i paid for something that i didn't receive like i have a year subscription with the server and they're still trying to take money from me and they got and i got no services with them nothing at all and they won't talk to me um i'll cancel it stupid this is our businesses of the world yay i was lucky i didn't have money in the account because otherwise they would have continued to take money out and then i would have contacted them and then they wouldn't have replied because that's what they do with me now and you got the whole conversation great more to wash even though it resumes sometimes it just randomly restarts but then it jumps back up but it got to there before at least it's working good and pretty fast I can't complain these are the types of subliminal messages that our society should be exposed to not the crap the government gives you they are precious in his sight Jesus loves the little children of the world thank you dude please understand that I am advertising him but I'm about to sticker my environment and we don't get peace by selling our products and his website will receive much exposure due to these productions but I work in real life ah this is how you do it Ivery shine the light on the world kick kick chick chick ding dong ding dong ding dong ding dong tick tick tick ding dong ding dong ding dong ding dong chick chick chick ding dong ding dong ding dong tick tick tick do you want to know why we have schools so the parents can work this place is one of the best run businesses that i have ever seen all of the staff are very kind and they do a wonderful job maintaining the place they work really long hours too but seem to love it it's on scenery check out that fuzz by the way that was rubbish that he put in his pocket i made it for you my love can you see it what about now look at this crap this is how you make a contribution at murdoch hey send me this crap and i don't want this crap i don't want to hear from him i've contacted him multiple times about not hearing from him i don't want to hear from him this isn't development not development just watch song of wind and you'll understand Fuck you Murdoch the bees

Kevin Rudd is leading a huge attack on the boat people and because you only care about what the media tells you Let's start off with that

Yay Very good now read so Australia is okay with all that But when it comes to people running for their lives Then you're gonna crack down on that. Okay, wait for the next one Now let's talk about the real world that both the government and the media cover up Because they're in bed together

Contact them after I finish this Not that they will help Not that they will care Not that any of you care about what is happening in your backyard backyard, originating from Canberra. On camera. You just gotta look at it closely. You'll find it. Australia doesn't know the word. I don't know what that is. Oh, the government.

I have spoken in great detail to a handful of victims about this satanic process that they use this is the world you live in this is australia this is your heart this is canberra all you got to do is look at the patterns look at the city look at what they're creating it's all linked it's all linked every department look at it you're going down i think it is really sad how all of you corrupt the word pedophile i am one of them but i would never touch your children inappropriately this is the meaning don't forget it don't corrupt it you see ivory no one cares no one cares you have to protect yourself and you have to protect your entire generation lead them home if you follow the australian rules and regulations if you're in australia or whatever government you are in because you know these things it's the elites it's the elites the people that are like psychologically tuned like me instead of accepting what they are and and then pursuing healthy means of it um they figure out ways to to get their dick wet and it's really sad so you have to learn how to protect yourself and you got to do that by destroying the government just watch my work you can do it girl this is it this is our mission this is our life mission this is what we got to fix and and this is what everything you know come on help help help your people your people or your generation and and before like help the children help all the children help all god's children please come on let's do it we need to solve the labyrinth and destroy minotaur once and for all this is how we do it let's do it girl by living how I am teaching you will make you a target and you are gorgeous but your work will protect you. Here is your coin. Use it wisely. Because dear girl if you follow the government you are also following Satan. I am scared for my life every day because of the things I am saying

because there is some very powerful people who would do anything to shut me up and I'm sorry girl but that's about to be your life at least until we fix it. We are trackers. Do you now understand what it is that we are tracking? I had to use mythology as a cover in order to get the footage that I needed in Canberra and using that mythology taught me how to do it. It also enabled

me to find you because I make it all look like a fantasy and then my own web took me over do you understand my love it's time to grow up not all of us get the privilege of childhood grow roots the soil our mother our queen is you and And back to my nightmares. I have been pressured multiple times over the last few years for my seed because of what goes on up here. But you are the only one who is qualified for that position. Let's be good parents.

not only to pleasure but also your entire generation rise my queen the world is waiting for you high five ivory it's time please listen carefully to the following words for they are and more important than any of the content I have ever delivered to you. They are the Catalyst, the Symposium by Plato. I will share with you what I have understood as our origins. I have already spoken of death angels to you, and I did that in a rather quick fashion.

present it to you and then move on but now it's time to come back to that as that is our origin some of these things I have known for my entire memory others I have come to learn from tracking in my work and being able to understand who I I am because complex brains, minds, souls, bodies like ours requires careful investigation. We are one death angel. I am not sure the heavenly name of this death angel that we are. But we were split in order to live different lives and come together when the time was right. That time is very soon. The first star fell to a family

in Crown Point, Indiana, and when its body was mature, its rib created you. I think you are nine years old, but you are no older than fourteen. When you first saw me, your heart melted. When you first heard my words, you knew.

Your entire life you've been looking for me. I am now here for you. We were born in different locations and that needed to happen because we had to learn from our environment in different ways. You have lived in multiple countries and have always felt isolated from your human brothers sisters no one has ever understood you you are very emotional and tears drive your every action you are easily hurt by the words of others and this causes you to isolate yourself even though you're a beautiful girl and this causes you to to have suicidal thoughts. You are loving and caring and don't understand why those around you

are not. You feel out of place in this world and that is because you are not from it. You have something pushing from inside your chest trying to get out. That is your heart trying to find me. If I do not find you soon, then you will end your own life. And that means that I failed

because it was my job to find you. I came here before you did.

If that becomes the case, then I will unleash hell on human civilization.

But as of right now, you are out there. I feel you. You can feel me too.

You could always feel me.

I was always there. Even from early childhood, you have fantasized about your prince coming to save you.

Here I am my love, we must hurry. We don't have much time left. Neither does our world.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-39-Heras-Deception

It's not like we actually want good leaders or anything. We just want leaders that don't lead leaders that lead us to hit the 80s, leaders that lead us off the cliff because we are limited.

Leaders that enable the elites to molest children.

This is Dr Joel mate. See you later have funnel. Welcome to Australia. tic tic tic tic tic tic tic all these people come from the

wmanuel fields because I cried for all the children that get molested in Australia originating in Canberra by the elites that condition people to be like this I don't understand I don't understand why people are like this this is why I end up alone it's It's because I can't do this, I just can't live like that. So you got a third person? Tick, tick, tick, tick. Is that what they're doing?

See, I don't understand. Like, I'll have to watch this, like everything. I have to watch everything to understand what these people talk about. They're just arguing about an iPhone and cigarettes stolen and beer stolen.

I mean, she's pitching middle of the night. Okay, so she's pissed off that she was asking for a drag. doesn't want to be controlled by anyone she's controlled by the government she's like she is because of the government okay maybe they'll throw her off the bridge or something I don't know they're still doing it they're just gonna keep going on and that's that again oh do I have to keep filming this crap I mean this is like all of you guys you had your chance now it's time to shed let your children step in let them do what you did not have the audacity to do the poison from the super ticks will be purified by Kronos and then let me lead them to the promised land where you are not welcome they're on the other side of the street now they always come back and people don't do what they say you're gonna do like people throw a temper tantrum and then like change your mind and I mean they're just trying to create a scene that's all that people try to do they just want to go hey look at me we can we can argue and fight and say mean words to each other swear to each other and blah blah blah I don't know where they are here recognize that remember recognize your society when you call me the beast who can argue with one who isn't a beast are you happy are you happy society none of you are happy I'm pretty happy because you always do what I say want to know your savior figure is the one that you want to crucify every It's time for us to throw out the real trash. Step back and watch it fall.

I would like to clear up something. I am not claiming my ivory as Jesus. She will be a loyal follower of Jesus, but what I am claiming is that she is his second And I was sent here to train her. Everything that I said and will say is 100% accurate. No replies.

I have included all of the takes for your viewing pleasure, so you can understand what was going on in my psychology at the time of filming. One at a time. Let me do that otherwise.

No sleep for the strong.

Focus. I will likely not include this video, but I am not sure if I can trust him. after you message someone regarding wanting help for a computer issue and then they respond with a reply like that why would you not reply back who would you need to speak to before you reply back there are many things that happen that I do not disclose to you but at the end of the day I can't trust anyone it's time let's do it Saturn right before I released Ivory Heart I was trying to upload it to the internet movie database and was having troubles doing it I spoke to Aaron my support worker about the movie and she came to understand that I was a pedophile I told her I explained to her and I do things for a reason but she then directed me to him because apparently he would be able to help me do it and he didn't end up being able to help me but we had some meaningful conversations quite a few and he became a support worker for me too He works at Ted Noss, which is a youth help organization to help disadvantaged youth.

And I was complaining a lot about not being able to get the drugs that I need to. And he started giving me, just giving me pot. Lots of it. Lots and lots of it.

Too much, like I don't want to have that much on me. but just consistently so you know get an ounce then and then finish it and ask for more and get another ounce you know like quarter an ounce more you know like if i get more and more more and then and i'll tell you a secret i mean i'm probably not gonna release this because i'll just wait to see what happens. But he gave me like a lot. He gave me a lot of them right before I left Canberra. And I didn't want that much on me. Like I was traveling with a lot. And

I didn't feel comfortable at all. And when I was, you know how I said I was robbed, it It was because, you know, I was trying to sell, like, most of it for, like, 30 bucks or something. Just enough to get my accommodation. That's all I wanted with my accommodation, which you remember all the problems there.

And I did say I was robbed, and that was what I was robbed of because I was speaking to someone about it, whether they were interested in getting a really good deal or not. and then they robbed me of it instead of paying. But they knew, too. They knew I just needed it for accommodation.

I don't do that. I've never done that before. I don't sell drugs. But, you know, when you don't have any accommodation and it's raining really hard, that's what I did.

But it got, like, only, no, not he, something got stolen, but it was significant enough for it to not be good for me. But that's odd, like, why are you giving me all this pot? I didn't buy it, you know? I gave him computers later, but he never asked for them like I felt that I should.

And that was the, you know, the message about the trackpad. He's asking me about the computers that I gave him. And I did give him quite a lot of value in computer parts, but he never asked for that. Like, who just gives drugs?

And that's happened. I met him right after I explained my secret to Aaron, my support worker. I don't trust anybody. I don't trust anybody.

There's a lot that happens that I don't disclose. And I think everybody's in it, or everybody that has intellect. I doubt that I will release those scenes, but I will keep them. The reason that I came out of the closet is because I knew that if I was to expose such horrible things, that I would first have to expose me.

There are extremely meaningful scenes that I did not release to you if you are watching this video right now. But I need you to know that there are really bad things happening in the background right now. I have been given sight. I see everything.

I feel that I should be fearful, but I have obtained tranquility, except my tears. Never lose those.

This will definitely be the last episode.

Juno has requested for me to stop.

She has warned me that my safety will be compromised if I continue. you. I have satisfied her desires. So what I will do in this last episode is show you how to cartoon your world. But you will no longer travel with me. I must sail away. I

live through this. Everything happens for a reason. Your life has been carefully constructed to produce you. You need to look into all the meanings in your past, your present and your future. You need to see them all straight through the heart. It is flat. If I go missing, this must

not detour you from your mission. You know what you have to do. You need to become very skilled at martial arts and this is your utmost priority. I wanted to teach you but I was unable to find anyone to train with to do it. Choose your style very carefully

but make it a lethal one. I recommend ninjutsu, pancration or krav maga. Eventually you will want to learn them all i will need to phase out some of my projects as juno has turned my direction i am now under the wing of the goddess that i used to hate that is a very dangerous place to be but i love her she is the only way to you and i will trust her to get to you even if it takes my life. I have upset too many people in high places and it is now time for me to pay for that.

Thank you. So now I will flee from the bombs that I set off. First you need to learn the 12 olympians and learn what they mean in your environment from there follow trails and you will learn everything else will you walk me to port babe never forget the ones who help you in your journey but always be skeptical of their motives remember the three and most importantly, the third. If you contemplate hurting yourself, then please consider your generation. We need you to save them. I will go where I think you are and be at the highest

point looking out for you. When the world mocks you, stand strong. When you feel unloved and unappreciated watch your favorite parts of my work i'll always be there for you babe

stay in the clouds and you will always be safe please be careful dear it's not an easy journey

especially in the dark don't forget play it catch your dreams you need to see your environment for what it is all the details and the big picture and then you gotta show your friends give them the side that i have given you that's how we do it my love be careful for people they don't mean what they say they just want your brilliance please tell your parents that i love them even though i know it is unlikely that they return those sentiments this is our goal chase the rainbow i don't want to get that let's animate our world crown point indiana

all right Okay, remember that this is yours and it's not a bank, let's animate our world. It is time for me to leave my love, see you on the other side. I promise I won't look back. I just found paradise my love I will be building us treasures that reflect the heavens here on earth I am waiting for you it still might not have places where humans can walk but we will learn the area and travel by mountain you have already given me water. Now it is my turn to return the favor. I have done all of

this because of you. Now I offer you water. Will you drink with me? Earlier on in this production, I told you not to contact me until you had one course. Find

Find me soon, my love. Let's live out our utopia. I will help you make everything. I will be by your side for the rest of your life.

I will learn these mountains by your heart, and when we unite, you will know them too. We will be best friends until you are ready for marriage. for marriage But we will live together We will be lovers But we love each other so much that we will wait until Mount Olympus and we must come up with the cover for those ears that will misjudge But in our mountain We will hold hands and kiss each other on the lips whenever our heart desires I will protect you from all including your virginity from me until we are married you will not have to be homeless you will not have to do anything that I have said in the past but you will learn it all with me the only thing you have to do first try to convince your parents if that doesn't work run home away from you do not have to go into a psychiatric ward you do not have to do any of that stuff all you got to do is be with a pedophile rebel against society and shortly after we unite you will remember all that we know which is nothing more than anybody else knows in this world and because you understand this we will know everything and this will be a thing of the past when we learn our environment we must develop a very good cover because we will stand out like sore thumbs in our environment and the hardest part it needs to be the truth but we can swing that truth any way we like and we will need to prepare for court cases alienation and persecution but when you have two people who love each other so much that they can't stay away from each other regardless of their age eventually they will learn eventually our society will learn and i will educate you to rule over all things i love you ivory and society will have its example of a pure version of pedophilia and we will spend the rest of our lives stomping out its corruption starts with the government this is what it means my love and this is where it leads thank you Juno hell Hera and we will drink together from the fountain of youth and I will help you practically apply one two and then three and then multiplied them because in order to get everything that you could ever want in your entire life you must take a risk you must have faith and our wedding will not be performed by man but by God and all we have to wait is for your body, mind, and spirit to be ready. No people, pal. And I promise you that by then

you will be an enlightened creature and no longer suffer. You don't have to hurt yourself anymore. We fixed it. And this is all because I just found a place that we can claim back the land that is ours without anyone's permission please make yourself look nice for me I want the educational footage that you are about to create so I can reflect positively on it for the rest of my life remember I am a pedophile by doing this i will never have eyes for another but only you because you deserve it and he would make my life so awesome the rest of it and remember you are giving it to everybody not just me keep that in mind but please do not be afraid to wear beautiful clothes my heart and remember the topics that we study you girl are about to change the world for everybody and those who are interested in your body will learn how not to treat you this is how we play subliminal messages with this with love a man there are loose ends but to be honest the more I talk the more there will be window in ivory sitting in a tree so enjoy the credits my dear for real this time we have the rest of our lives to tie up all loose ends. Love you. Bang. Bang. Is that a good answer? Because it's

hammer the nails. Bang. If you do what I am saying, my love, I promise you that you will save the world take the coin it'll be worth it paradise my love we will buy a little bit of land and start a small utopian community if your parents are wise they will want in on what we are doing I hope they are wise and if they They're wise, they will teach me how to take care of you. Look, no trash.

Click, click, click. Camera, dead. It's not scary, dear girl. It's gorgeous, just like you.

Sureheart Society, let's do a triple X on it. Look at all that, it's all ours. cars are almost run me over it doesn't matter that's where we're going to be soon take it off

okay so here's what happened i came back and my stuff was gone and then i looked at my neighbor and it was at his place and and the thing is that was right below the number like there was a number like that and it was right below it and uh it was all tied up and everything and it wasn't i mean it was like this when i got it i moved it because i moved but i'm not i'm only going to stay here until i learn this area a little bit better which is i'm gonna leave soon like maybe two or three days um plus that that walk that's the only way to get to town and that's not good um but i'll show you like so this is what happened like this is my stuff he went through everything like absolutely every single paper like i got i got medical records in there i got everything like you know the the urethra thing is all in there okay so he like this is all taken out okay so he took all this out took all this out look okay yeah look he took it all out took it all out look okay look it's all open okay so he went through everything you see you see he went through it all and that's a problem that's like a big problem with like someone psychology excuse me like to be able to do that to like see you know the number that's there i'll show you you know it was like it was like nailed on a tree like this and it was like right below it like right there like right there and i i got a different angle i think so i don't maybe maybe i have the number six two seven but uh but yeah so like i was out you know getting this actually getting this so i could have a um a floor um for this and then i can tie up things but but to think like someone has to have poles to you know have possessions that aren't worth going through like he was he was nice and he was like apologetic about it but he went through all my stuff like that's everything i own like how am i supposed to feel about that you know that's not good like there's something wrong with someone to think that they have to you know conform to the ways that they they can't like how would they like it if someone went through all their stuff in their house they go they get home and someone someone went through all their stuff and I don't know if he took anything I don't think he took anything like why would you take this is everything I own um and I don't have anything like worth anything um to anybody else really but me um but but at the end of the day you can't do that that's not cool like that I'm really uncomfortable um why do you think I end up in the bush like without anyone else because stuff because you expect me to have poles and not just poles like you you expect me to do things a certain way and when I do it differently then you invade my privacy this is Australia like think about it relate this to you know psychiatric wards you know hospitals um our education system our schools like like uh you can really our our government related to everything and this is australia so this is your heart and thank you again for showing it to me because this is the end like we're showing the end right now and the only thing i'm going to show you later is beautiful footage like i'm going to i'm going to show you some beautiful footage and maybe i'll have a few comments but but it's done it's done and this is a great way to end it to show you how how you do this to me like like i can't you know i can't have stuff and just leave it somewhere because you'll go through it so what i end up doing is is being somewhere where you're not um and then that ends up working for you for me that but then and you because then i get out of your way because i don't communicate in the way that you like it because i i i crap over all of your arguments like none of you can stand up against me um i win everything i do uh because i'm a philosopher like that's what philosophers do is they learn how to create solid arguments um and and you know we're gonna burn we're gonna burn like because you and that was tied up it was tied up and everything you saw it um but but now yeah this is i mean it's so uncomfortable it's so uncomfortable like yeah i got an entirely public life on the internet but when you come into my own territory that's not cool and that's why i'm gonna take that bush and i'm going to because i'm not gonna be able to afford something for a long time and ivory um When we, that's why I wanted, we got to get property, but it's going to take some time. It's going to take a lot of time. And we're going to live in places that the government doesn't want us until then. But the thing is that it's so beautiful, and there's so much of it, and we got it all.

Because no one else goes there, because people don't do that. But we do, because we're awesome. And it's so much better, because you don't have these problems. Like, you can do what you want and feel the way you want, and, you know, no one's can.

like all my all the times I lived in the bush all throughout Australia you know um no one ever did that because I picked places that no one ever ever come to you know the animals are beautiful and I miss them um but these these human animals uh they're not cool they're not cool so he went through absolutely everything and just kind of tossed it to the side didn't put anything back like it was and you know how I am I I meticulously pack this stuff you know Tetris I tell you this my productions and um and he just you know went through everything didn't care about my privacy and and screwed it all up and not just screwing it up going through my stuff like that like just because i don't want to live like all of you the rest of you like if i put you know this down at my campsite then i should have the right to keep it at my campsite like if i don't want to live like that you know if i want i can i should be able to live however i want like just because don't have a floor covering yet even if i didn't have a floor covering even if i just want to crawl in this thing and go to sleep like i should be able to do that and and by you making me like do things the way you want to do them you know this is you australia you australia why because i cannot afford land is it a human right to not have your stuff searched by other people not in australia He went through absolutely everything like everything and moved it all around to like everything absolutely everything everything I know how I leave things because I am meticulous about it It's all been gone through like every single paper every single everything I like I don't know how to feel about that like

That does the first day like for a production to finish I need to have stuff stop happening to me But the thing is my whole life every single day and you see it every single day stuff happens to me I want to finish this. I want to finish this production Well, it's just you people that keep on making stuff happen to me stop doing stuff like this like Seriously, not cool. I mean just in my life if you're gonna keep doing stuff like this just end it I Okay So the reason this happened is because I don't have land and the reason I don't have land is because I can't afford it and the reason i can't afford it is because australians won't employ me and the reason they won't employ me is because i can't work how they want me to work my psychology doesn't work like that and like it all it all links back like this is oppression this is like really bad oppression and you have to be a certain mold or otherwise you'll get screwed over i mean that's australia oh like i gotta i either gotta i gotta either gotta fix my environment like how i live in my environment or i gotta leave australia and you know what like i still i think you're in australia girl i think you're in australia i think you're in the same state that i'm in right now but and and but i gotta leave i gotta leave and i'm gonna do a whole heap of advertising like after i finish this i'm gonna do a whole heap of advertising and and if i don't find you soon here then no i don't mean like this location i mean like this state if i don't find you soon um then i'm gonna leave i gotta leave like i can't take this anymore this is not how a human should live like this this is how how australia makes me live and and i can't do that and i need to live a good life and australia won't let me how is someone like me to afford a vehicle so i can actually get to places like this without feeling like i'm gonna fall off a mountain how can someone like me afford a ticket to leave a crappy place like this how can someone get a visa to not go back to another crappy place just in my life seriously like i'm not sad anymore it doesn't bother me just give me the needle like if i can't if i can't find my girl then because i'm gonna keep traveling until i find her and and you're gonna keep treating me like this and i mean you're not gonna let me do it anyway so just in my life australia please legalize assisted suicide and let me let me do that and let me take the needle that you force these bad needles upon me give me the good one that ends it all never mind I'll fix it tomorrow this thing is not worth it unless it's emergency that's what it's for it's an emergency and you can't really even stretch out in it I got two to three man one I thought it's good I had one before but I never used it functionally that your equipment will always get tested and you'll always find things that don't work and then you always have to modify them but you see we got half already so let's do that

This production will continue until stuff like this stops happening to me and then if stuff keeps happening to me after that I will make more productions and I will keep doing that until so you people stop Mmm Until I figure out how to live without you people and it's sad Because there's a lot of eye candy here. I can't find anything now. It's all different places. Oh, like My lights are dying if you can't tell but the charger's been put somewhere else where is it it was in here where'd you go like all this and see all this stuff was mixed up too like it was in other place like where where is it when everything has a place and then someone rearranges that that's not much light at all see nothing like can't find anything like i eventually found it um but it was definitely out where i should be like everything's rearranged like it's screwing me up like i have to had to arrange it like that so i could function because i'm not good with these things and i become good with them because i arranged them meticulously like now i'm all screwed up and i haven't even put this up it's dark and i ran out of battery see like it's gone so i've got nothing nothing's a lot you know all of this is so funny because all i have to do is exist and you demonstrate to me how evil you are and through this process you demonstrate to the entire world the same sentiments stuff like this takes me a while to recover from because now i got stuff everywhere and i'm not sure what to do like i don't even know where to start like it was all you know where it needed to be and now it confuses my mind um so it's kind of i don't know it might take a few days even i don't know i'll try to get it sorted out tonight but i don't even have shelter yet um i gotta sort that out i think i'm gonna do something different because um i think it was really it's really good like i think you're like with that size and maybe if you got a bigger one it'd be fine but with that size i think it's really just made for like a camper and it rains that they don't want to get wet i mean get wet like that's so stupid um it's not it's not the appropriate equipment but we always find things out like that and it was premature for me to give my tent away but that's okay because we're going to learn from it because now we're going to learn how not to need tents bang so it would have just been sorting out shelter that i had to deal with um but now i got sorting out stuff and shelter wait for the third should i also mention without light i don't like this caravan park at all I will find a place tomorrow, but I will just add it as the credits, into the credits.

This is still finished.

That is unless another one of you screws me over.

My resolution to my own suicidal ideation, dear girl, is you. that is the only thing that I am missing to complete my enlightenment it is just times like these where I look into my soul and contemplate how I am doing this alone struggling through the situation without your help and that is because society doesn't allow me to find you, I will. This thing is no good. It is too small. I can't stretch out to lie down on it and nor will any of my stuff fit under it. So I'm here

you know under the stars where everybody's looking at me with all my stuff out because I'm trying to sort it out and my camera's about to die and I guess there's a light here I should turn it off and then shine this one on this one's about to die too because I can only get a little bit of charge but I gotta figure out how to make this thing alone without a pole be a tent I gotta be creative it's big enough to do it I just gotta figure it out we always have a delay before we fix our sufferings when we are homeless let me give you the tour so pretty simple I just like put it around and let me tie that up a little bit and that will go down the door handle here we have our privacy pretty much and it's kind of warm uh this material is really warm uh we got a lot to do um tomorrow and it's gonna be fun because we're gonna do cool stuff but um there's no reception in here so i gotta go out up the hill and open source the planet I'm gonna have to make tomorrow into another production stop doing stuff to me and and I won't keep doing I keep working because he keep doing stuff to me and it shows and then I gotta show how I react and I do awesome stuff when I react over time at first I freak out and then I fix it whoo maybe not entirely tranquil that really did freak me out and like that thank goodness he didn't steal anything there. Hera made it clear to me that I was to finish this production when I reached 33. I thought I was going to reach 33 today, but a lot of crap happened and I didn't. So I still got to do 32, and once I do 32, then when I start on 33, it's done. And that's it.

I can't change that. No, no, no questions. I won't, sorry to keep, keep delaying it, but that's it. but I hope you noticed the significant change where am I this is how we protect ourselves I'm out passed out is done



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-40-Save-Our-Ship

The only reason that I came here was so I could put my stuff somewhere safe But that has proven to be just the opposite somewhere safe is away from humans the light turns on through this button and then lasts for five minutes the shower turns on through this coin slot and then lasts for five minutes if you put one and one together that makes it very difficult it took me two goes to clean myself and if you can imagine what would happen during that time you should use your brain now let us leave this hell none of you humans know what camping is you make fires in a place like this with lots of people camping and somehow claim that to be camping. This is camping. This is how you rough it. Open your eyes children. Each item taken out of these

bags requires a commitment. Each item searched through every bag, searched through every bag disordered. How many conscious decisions does it take as one builds a picture about what type of lifestyle the one who they are intruding on lives? How many sins did that man make who is the evil one beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep all around this park if you do not think that your children are drop-dead gorgeous then you are either blind or a liar let's leave this place now that I have left here I will tell you a secret I had to feel and express those emotions in order to leave here there's no exception I paid for a week I got it back all in cash when I paid by card because of what happened they were nice here the staff but that's about it the thumbnails that i get are always perfect that's god you're going down am i the only person with a body with two functioning feet in this world ruby ruby ruby ruby silver Ruby Ruby Ruby Ruby Soho, Ruby Ruby Ruby Ruby Soho, Destination I know.

In Pathways. It was a biker, a bicyclist, that got hit by a car. I'll find out what it is. There is private property everywhere.

Cutting off the mountains from my access. That's what today is for, to try to find somewhere to exist.

I don't think there's power here.

I don't think this is going to work. Everywhere is the same.

How many mountains will I be required to climb with all of my possessions on me before society allows me to exist? Here we go.

Let Gaia leave my soul. Here we are. this is humanity but as you see my mother has prepared a path before me but only to prove a point to you fuck you Australia there are no affordable rentals in this town I have checked we are collectively sick very sick why do I I spend my days in and out walking? Where is a person supposed to go when you don't let them go anywhere? No one's been here for a very long time. Fuck you

Australia. It's mine. Yay. We must be very careful and we'll look around a little bit too to make sure there's nothing else like this too. Hail Apollo. This area is

just you know like look like nothing around like lots of old building materials that I can use to fix things up and reinforce it and I mean it's just right there it's behind all that that overgrown area and like you know this place is awesome like this place is perfect but I mean no one uses it there's not like anything and see all the stuff's like really old that's around I mean it's been a long time since anyone's ever used anything like this and you know why is this stuff not available to me you know i mean if anybody ever finds me i'm gonna get in trouble for doing this um because i'm squatting that's what it is it's squatting and that's not legal uh which isn't cool like someone like me can make beautiful things of an area like this uh but you have to buy it are like it's terrible like this is like in the middle of the bush and um and i'm gonna do really awesome things with it and i don't know we'll see what happens with it but this is really good like this whole area is really really good um i've stumbled upon something brilliant and And there are people that live, like, you know, down there. And I just got to kind of stay away. But this is all path in a park. A big park, like a nature park that's outside.

Like, you have to go through the nature in order to get it. It's not on the path. So, at least I've got, you know, tonight sorted out. And depending on how busy it is around here, I'll find out.

But the thing is I want to figure out a way, I'm going to figure out, today I'm going to go out and figure out a way to cover windows and stuff like that. And I got like equipment to make, I'll show you, look, I'm going to tap, tap, tap, tap.

Alright, so this right here, I'll make a toilet out of that.

Septic, and I'll do it good, I'll do it really good. And my, you know, excrement is really good for the environment anyway because I eat, like I'm vegetarian and I eat good stuff. And every time I do, I make a septic like that, when I move on, it always ends up growing into beautiful things. So, I like this area.

The wood, the floors, my hair keeps on, like, little strands of hair keeps on going in my mouth. The floors need a bit of work to be safe. But besides that, you know, it's all good. I want to figure out a way to get privacy.

I mean, I guess that's a lot of privacy because people, I don't know, I don't know, like seeing like old stuff and then stuff, you know, that's good. I'll show you, I'll show you, see I want to keep this like it is, because I don't want people to go here, I don't want people to even think someone's here, so I'm not going to try to make a path or anything, see this one, this floor is good, it's just here it's It's just along this line, this line right here, the floor's not good, it starts like right back here, I don't want to do it, like over there it's like really bad, but you see I got this little storage area here, turn on that, see, so we got like three different areas to put, to put things in, and even though it's broken, you know, I got that, look, I I can use that. I can use that. But I don't know if I want to use that. But that's heavy. That's like, you know, if I had you, dear girl, we could use it. But that's not a one person job. But I'll go to the hardware store and get some stuff to make this nicer. You know, I thought I was just going to make like a teepee or something. But finding a place like this, this place is gold to me. Means nothing to everybody else unless you live there. And that's bad.

I'll find out something. It's pretty bright with the lighting, but that's it. You see, I can see it, but you know, you can't see me really through this because, like, I'd be able to see it, but people's eyes aren't tuned to that. Um, and I was worried about these windows at first.

I don't think I need to be worried about these windows. Might need to be worried about the door. Um, yeah, it'll be good. And I don't know, I don't even know about the door.

I'll get to go to the hardware store and get something make this place nice if you're smart you'll understand what I just made I have privacy we can use the Legos in our environment in the natural way we don't have to be hammering things or anything like that like this is really easy I'll show you look it's not going anywhere like you know and then if I want to move it around and change it you know redecorate then I can see I don't even have a mirror so you know you get bad hair I didn't even brush my hair this morning I was too busy getting out of that campsite um but yeah so I'm gonna put a cloth something that's like maybe looks wooden or like old and then I got privacy. Yay, we did it. So you can catch rainwater and that one's only a small one. We can use this one over here too. Why are people like me homeless? There you have it. It's good reception too. Somewhere

that's nice and soft and private like if anyone was gonna come they would come from that way likely and you know it's there's a good open area it doesn't matter we can make it we can private it off later you can see look how good the soil is and NC Demeter will like this because you know it's just going to go back into it and it'll do it quickly okay so these roots you will find a spot that's a it's not rooted and some worms see nice fresh soil it's good soil so we'll make it better thank you Demeter that's all you gotta do just dig that like take a while but dig it maybe like three three times as deep as that maybe four and then you have a toilet. I was going to use that thing but I don't think I'll use that thing. I need to. So just every time after you use the toilet, then cover it over.

And to be honest, the way I do it is I'll get multiple toilets. And then after that, It's kind of funny because it's proserpine, but it's spelt proserpina, and that's why I mispronounce it sometimes, because I'm thinking proserpina, because it's like, oh, that's unusual. Oh, wow, this camera's getting really overexposed, but that's all you got to do, and you come back to it, and it's good soil again, and it's really easy to just dig up again. That's how I do it, and it works really well.

When you come back to it, it's soil, it's not manure. So we'll make this spot too, and with the spade, that's all you really have to do. Let's see, it just all comes up. When you come back to it, like after, you know, even a week or so, it's just soil, and And it's really easy to dig, really easy to dig.

And you don't have to do it really too deep because, I mean, it's not like we're not, we're not making a septic tank for the whole town. It's just, we're just being one with our environment. And you know, how good is that to put everybody's manure in like one place? Like that's terrible, why do we do that?

We just, like, this is the way Demeter wants us to live this is the way our mother Gaia wants us to live don't be mean to her roots, I'm not trying to kill the roots there, like eventually those roots will do what they need to do all you gotta do is break up the soil and see all I'm doing is stabbing it, and by stabbing it see it all comes up and every time it'll it'll become exactly what it needs to be So like right now, maybe it's not, but when I use it, and then eventually, you know, it'll all work out. This is the way nature works. This is the way our mother functions, and this is the way that we need to live or we're going to be punished.

This is the way that we save our soul.

See, that's perfect to begin with. So just use something like that, and then eventually it'll turn out even better. and I mean just evolution look at the way evolution works you know we build these huge buildings that take forever to do it but then it's like ready now but that's not the way evolution works we're going against nature we're worshipping satan seriously we are like our society is worshipping satan because the ones running our society are literally worshipping satan so let's fix it thank you Olympians I would never be what I am if it wasn't for you let's get started because the hearts of penguins will always be worth mending they carry water doesn't work you can see it's awesome it's not what i need in this life it works perfect for me this door doesn't shut i don't know like the frames warped perfect for I can go through there, go through there, I got two triangles, and I can do full moves as I do it, boom, move through here, I can drop through here, and move my solar panel, peace world, ivory, I'm looking at it right now, ivory, peace. Once I get organized, I can power all of my equipment using this method.

I'm uploading a lot though, and that drains a lot of batteries, and I'm almost finished. Like, I don't got much more to upload, and then it's going to be so easy. They're good, and just phones, just phones, like you'll see tonight. Here's one that an animal did so kindly for us. Beautiful.

Hmm. Oh yum. I'll get good at it. It's the first time I've done this. Oh, it's gonna be so good though.

Let's finish this thing. One hand. Warning. Warning. Warning. So, I think someone must own this area even though it's a part of the nature park.

But, like, I had to walk through a lot of deep bush in order to get here. um but like i want to rent this i want to rent this this is like awesome um this would be the coolest lifestyle ever uh and maybe i'll i'll pursue that but the thing is if i pursue that and they say no then i'm not allowed to stay here and then they'll know i'm here so like i can afford to rent it's not that it's just i don't want to live like all of you are living i can't live like that it doesn't work with me um and i end up homeless because of that It doesn't meet the building standards for living so it's it's illegal to rent a place like this out Terrible, and I'm not sure if that works like I unplugged that to get that But then I can put my tablet in there. Maybe maybe my tablet will work on that, but that tablet's gonna be finished soon And I don't think I'll even need it so yay high five

beautiful three R's Three R's It's in a root. It's in a root. Oh, it's a kettle It's a kettle. It's not a kettle anymore. How does that work? How does that work? Well, it's going to be my jug to begin with.

Eventually, I'll find a beautiful secluded waterfall so I can bathe, but that's not going to be in this production because we're almost finished here. here not to mention wash clothes so you have to buy them in packs of four because one person needs four spoons almost out of money but we did really well yay we don't have money problems anymore i have never before been closer to you my love i feel you stronger than i ever have in my entire life. My spider senses are tingling. Fly like Superman. If you remember his name you will find me. Be perceptive my dear. To the bat cave. This is all we need. Oh it's just a turkey. Turkey turkey turkey. We won't feast off you anymore. Okay. Let's do this thing. Yay. You know I should have left it because it was 339 when I turned

this thing on focus it's really good when it focuses that's what sucks about this there's no manual focus I can see I don't know play around AF what's the AF AWB I don't think it changes anything I'll read about it okay so take this guy with that guy with one hand just the annoying thing about this phone okay I've got to find creative ways to do things like this, alright so I'm going to press this button, right here, press that button, then you're going to bang, bang, see I got media format as a shortcut there, there's nothing on it, um, I just copied it over there, so format, and yeah, it's 4GB, but the 4GB doesn't work very well, like there's been a few videos that's screwed up on it. It's really slow and sometimes it gets corrupt and you have to play around with it and do videos again and sometimes it's a lot of cool stuff. But that's done. So now I got this back because it was full. Let me go back here and this is copying because see I only got an SD card like if you haven't realized but because the screen cracked I can no longer use that so that means I can't use my USB drives. That's why I had to go to the

the travel place and and plug that in because I'd use a mouse and then the SD card goes in there I mean that that whole problem because this doesn't support more than one has screwed me around a lot but if you see like it was all made for us to finish at 33 because 34 plus um that begins to look at the times um turn this thing off i said if you look at the times um one focus so they're like really spread out and that's because i started using this phone um so what we're gonna have to do which is gonna be the last um part of it which is which is what i was calling the credits um is do it all on the cloud and we gotta do that like after we finish uploading up until then up until 33 then i have to uh i have to put this card

in the phone this card 32 and then i'm gonna upload um because the iphone has the 50 megabit byte limit so i have to tether it and uh and then i'll have to i'll sync that you know that media sync program that we used a while ago. I'll sync that whole directory, which is 34 plus. See this directory right here? I'll sync that with Dropbox, and then I'll sync the iPhone with Dropbox, and then we'll have to download it. Drop it on to the Windows

server and then see if we can convert it with our video converter and I think the only issue we're going to run into is whether it's like this or like that because the videos are going up like that and that and they shouldn't they should all be widescreen like that so if I'll have to figure out that and then I'll show you and you know once that's successful everything's done and the reason why this didn't finish a lot quicker is because all of these problems you know that okay so it's a camping place you're charging fourteen dollars for a little spot that includes absolutely nothing so there's no power there's no kitchen there's no anything not worth it at all i mean that's more than i was paying uh at buy and pay so we just done it so we're good let's go let's continue we We gotta do, I can't even see, 33, there we go. So we gotta do 33. I guess, I said 33, but I guess I'm gonna have to show you 34, but I will only show you, like, it's gonna be really quick because I'm just gonna show you how it works because I know it's gonna work. And, yeah, that's it, let's change our view.

I can't really see because the light was in my eyes, but I guess, and it works.

Yeah. So, bang. He just like, ran into this thing. He's gonna be my new friend.

He's so much cooler than humans. I'll eventually name him. I just gotta figure out his personality.

Nice. It's on. Killing them, molesting them? You're sick.

Yep, I'm doing it. And this is how you stand up? Yep, sure. Fuck you, Kevin Rudd.

Fuck you, Tony Abbott. Fuck you Australian government, let's do an open source republic, let's dissolve our government. Let me speak in a language that the populace can understand. You don't understand child molestation or any of these other horrible things that the government does behind your back.

And you understand speech in terms of monetary exchange and taxes, that's what you understand. So you go, taxes go up, taxes go down, yeah. Do you understand that if you elected me as prime minister, your taxes would go way down to begin with and then over time you would have no taxes at all and we wouldn't even interfere with business practices like the ethical side of it until we learn how to work together like so you want to talk about saving money let's uh let's get rid of taxes let's get rid of the government we don't need them let's just be good people and once we learn how to be good people then then we don't need any any of these stupid departments we don't need the police department we don't need schools like we we got the internet and let's learn how to use it like you're gonna install the national broadband network which is supposed to be super awesome um but we don't even really need that anyway like the what we have now is really awesome to be able to do all this stuff anyway but i guess any any improvements in technology for the internet is good um just like look look at what we got here look at the platform that we have here and then question like do we really need the government we just gotta learn how not to be cruel people but you're not gonna learn that it's your kids that are gonna learn that and then your kids when they're gonna fuck you up when you get old because I tell them to I want to help everybody I can if you let me get it perfect charge the perfect amount of time I didn't think I would have power but I do so I don't even need it but I'll charge it and then try to try to flog it off once flog it off give it give it away to someone that would use it once I do one episode now I can do it easily online on the cloud and I know I can I mean I got computers so easy do I have to say the rest so I'll just show off this new light that I got which is really cool so it goes around my neck like this it's like this okay button there right okay so you got like a light there and it's pretty bright it's good so you can shine where you want it to go and then press the button again then you got like a little lamp to see like I'm sure that uses a lot less battery I don't know I guess I'll find out but it kind of gives more light but less directed light. And then we got this. Emergency, emergency,

emergency. The reason why this is going on so long is because I have to practically apply everything that I have said and show it to you in order for it to finish. Almost there. I just realized that this is my masters program and I'm about to finish it. And if anyone has a problem with that, then you are welcome to object

to any of the thesis statements. I'm a philosopher. I build my arguments upon solid foundations. Good luck. Because if the string of our bow is weak, then we will have to do it again.

until we get it right pillow replacement for blankie because everything that I am teaching not only teaches me how to get really really smart but also teaches everybody else who watches it let's all get really really smart together you kids on the one of them see what I mean all right let me turn the light off my eyes are way better than this camera can cap here i got really awesome eyes like really really awesome eyes but uh look how cool this is and i can see everything i know you can't even see over there my feet but i can see it all and like but the thing is i had to stand it up because when it goes down i do watch the light change. Take it off. You see? You see? All you can see is that. All you gotta do is

think. Man. Are you a man? There's not many out there. Man. Think. Out of all of my

homeless journeys, I am in the best place that I have ever been. I love it. There is no one to bother me. This town only took me 24 hours to remove all of my sufferings. Most places take me a long time. I had to figure out a lot of things

but I got it all here. I got everything I need and I am warm. That'll be down somewhere. I'm not sure what I'm gonna do yet. The locals are really really nice here

and there is more beautiful girls here than anywhere I have ever been they accept me really well like they take my words really well and they're very kind and gentle I wonder if I should advertise I wonder how they would take me if they knew my secret I think you are your ivory man's gotta do what a man's all of my work does this always lines up with what's happening in my life here's the question how do I advertise to kids and not adults they will learn through their kids but how do I get to them before their parents Put it right there, come inside, you wanna see, on camera, I think I scared it away, pretty shame. Wow, and the thumbnail for Cadara. I know you can't read that because the quality for the thumbnail of this selection thing isn't very good, but just look at the production and you'll figure it out. I'm telling you, I'm a prophet.

I'm not. These things just happen. Look at the numbers. Look at everything.

All lines up. Look at the time. Look at yesterdays. Neighbor before yesterdays.

Look at all of them. Another friend. Technology. You remember him, don't ya?

They're awesome. I'm gonna keep with them. I was just gonna use them for a month, but you know, a service like that and future services that I could really benefit from. I'm a customer.

See, I'm just going to work on my VPS now, and I'm going to call him family, whether he likes it or not, because I can do lots of stuff on my VPS. I'll contact this guy now, tell him, thank you, it's out, so, yay, it's all coming together. Remember, 1 Corinthians 13, remember those who have helped you, always appreciate them. Remember, at the end of the day, you can make your productions as long as you want.

Screw other people or you're doing it for you. Because we've got the power. Thank you, Aries. By the way, when I bought those four spoons, I gave three to the checkout chick.

She thought it was weird, but she wanted them, their spoons. Life around here. I love it. It is just the human wildlife that I do not love.

They always move me on.

Natural them.

Love your environment and it will love you.

Humans do not love their environment.

What are you?

You got anything dangerous on you?

It's only really tiny. See?

Nice. All of you suffer greatly on a day-to-day basis. and you fill the void in your souls through menial tasks that make you feel better temporarily.

Let me help. I'm built for it.

I am your Superman and you are all very sick.

I am your doctor and I am trying to teach you all how to perform surgery on yourselves. We must be very careful. I don't want the patient to die. See the entire picture.

Make sure we don't run out of time. Gotta learn how to use the equipment. And what equipment? Gotta find the bone.

I guess we got a bone there. Where's that bone? Do you see it? Can you help me?

Time's running out. Otherwise. Tock. Tick. Tock.

Can we do it? Can we do it? See, it's because it looks like it goes, but it doesn't. See, that one. Five seconds left.

Bang!



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-41-You-Cant-Stop-the-Music

Why do people not, like, look at what's in front of them? They don't understand. I want to mention, when I was heavily invested into martial arts, I highly respected the masters that were blind. I did much training while blindfolded.

I did not respect my sight because it did not function how I desired it. I desired to be blind. I desire to poke my own eyes out oh paradise paradise soon let's read more corruption tick tick tick tick what they're proposing isn't together it's just controlling you and saying we're doing it together I guess it takes you to let them control you for our families yeah you can see that yeah our schools you can definitely see that our jobs yeah sure I've shown you that and our planet yeah you can see that every day in my production so right now it's 50 50 so corruption versus corruption and which means every dollar you give every hour you volunteer and every friend you ask to back Kevin how are you going to choose to get fucked world three three look at the numbers world I actually went to camera to do all this and now you ignore me the whole time all of you like there's something wrong with you really really really wrong I'm still doing it I'm still in the race and I'm gonna continue to be in the race and once you fuck yourself over I'm gonna go find a country that won't and and then will declare war on you and you have no one to blame but yourself and you will run to america for protection but the thing is they will see my work because that is where i originated from and they will see your hearts and then they will have to make a decision you are playing with dangerous explosives that the gods will punish severely and if it's not through me that you incur your punishment then it will be through my seeds tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick

just because you ignore someone does not mean that you can act like they do not exist you have punished yourselves lie in the bed that you created the one that you dug six feet under you refused to legalize assisted suicide so now you are stuck with my wrath you are stuck with the consequences of your own you have demonstrated your character I have demonstrated my now defoliate it takes ten years you don't know me and you don't even care no one knows my name that is about to change that is about to change that is about to change because I have captured your soul on camera I took a picture they will be educated on your heart and I will lead them into a rebellion against you dead or alive because I was never conveying an opinion I was merely capturing fact and when you ignore the facts you will severely be punished and because you refuse to listen many will die it was your choice because when a peaceful revolution fails then we get out our weapons boom ivory this production is not going to end with you you are my objective because together we can change everything but society that needs to know these facts you are the bonus it's time for me to start a revolution with or without you I'll always be waiting my love maybe your sisters were right. Maybe I am a dragon. But if I am the dragon, then who is the rest of these fools? Oil is here on this earth, not for this use. It is

made to cushion the tectonic plates. And when we exploit our mother for personal gain, we will pay for our sins. Everything in the ground serves a purpose, and when we overlook that purpose, we will burn in hell. I am the cremator of souls, both living and non-living. I send those to be judged in Tartarus. I am the one who

chooses to provide or reject. I'm the richest person in the world because I have an unlimited amount of these to give out or refuse. I possess the only exchange rate that means anything of value. When my eyes connected with my soul they became your leader a dollar Athena be with me there are no public showers and the pool is empty how am I going to bathe myself from the filth of the world they told me if I wanted a shower that I would have to leave but they did give me one place to go to inquire because they do not allow people to swim in their beautiful waterfalls. It's not theirs it's God's going down.

Australia takes land from people and then oppresses those who do not use it like they do. They do not share it nor care about the suffering that their actions cause others. Those who wish to live in harmony with our mother are exiled no swimming no walking no camping most of our world no loving the religion in the world has fallen from its tree fences bang we are burned at at the stake. Just look at my initials, idiots.

They could not help me and directed me back where I was, but they did give me a little more direction. We will keep the filth of the world on us for today, but tomorrow is always another Apollo. And you will get production after production until I am comfortable here. Walking makes one very hungry When I go into places, I try to get them to make the food how they would like it If they were vegetarian I always get awesome food as a result of this Haven't said it one of those in a long time long time That was absolutely delicious and that only cost me $6.50 Never got such a bargain that I can remember like unless you're in America, but in Australia wow and they are open every single day except Christmas so they just gained a really good customer and I'll come there a lot you know at that price that was way better than any McDonald's meal you which cost more anyway and and you can't even get vegetarian like and they'll make see every time I come in I can just tell them to make me something interesting that's vegetarian you know and they will you know I'll be able to try lots and lots of things so this is how we discover our palette. They were so friendly and it was so cozy. Towns like

this have the right head on their shoulders but they are still led by our government which oppresses people like me. This is why I will stay here even if I have to be the smelly bum to do it. I could like go there you know three or four days a week. I could even go there every single day if I wanted. Oh, how good is my life

going to be once I figure out how to have a shower? And if you were smart and able to put one and one together, I am healthy now and no longer internally bleeding. Thanks, Kronos. I'm not sure if you understand how much i walk but i walk between 15 to 40 kilometers per day can't afford a car plus it's not good in the environment can't really afford anything and plus how can i keep something like this living the way that i do and and where would i put it like and i'm not allowed to like sleep in it or park it anywhere we're gonna burn burn and I lived this life and look how much I accomplished every single day look at the life that you live and how much you accomplish every single day let's compare lives confusion by comparison can you compare apples to oranges I'm not one of you your fruit is rotten and maybe I am without my drugs that I need but at least I have my soul more than I can say for you guys and maybe my soul is not related to you guys but my body is and you will pay for its oppression I have spent my life studying your human words I no longer need to study any of it you need to study mine because I now learn from divine powers they are now my teachers and they should be yours as well but you will have to get through me to get to it I have read many words that have melted my heart and then spoke to those who wrote it and been very disappointed and then I watched their actions over time and am even more disappointed. I am very serious in all that I say. Laugh if

you will for now, but it is all going down in history because I write better books than all of you just by pressing a button. I do all that you guys do better than you do it, way better, just by pressing and it is all factual built upon and woven into each other this is your crown your heritage come on if you are unsure of what happened to the first one of these the handle broke after about five or ten minutes of use all right right there you're not made to last nothing's made to last it's made to get you to buy it again and again and again and again and again and again because what would they do if they made products that lasted and then eventually people stopped buying their products oh no we got to make as much money as we can it's the same thing google does the same thing every business to us milk it milk it milk it milk it milk it milk it milk it milk it milk it oh i'm really thirsty uh i just spill stuff you saw it but i'll explain it a little bit this this floor like that's fine that's fine like it's just that one little area like you see it's pretty and you can even you know it's fine it's perfectly fine but um not according to you know building standards, regulations, whatever, but for my standards, there's no problem with that. You know, I can piss right there, and I can throw stuff that is good in the environment in there, you know, like paper and stuff like that, little bits of paper. So you know, anything that decomposes quickly is fine to be there, cut milk, okay.

So this floor was covered with like that thick of dirt like the whole thing. You saw it, you saw it but you couldn't really tell because it was all dirt and it was like consistently thick over the whole floor. You can see here because see I stopped here. You see where we can like see the floor here and then it's just like thick, thick dirt.

So it's kind of fun to clean up. But like this place is seriously perfect. Like if I could find a way to have a shower, you know, I'm really going to figure out if I can rent this. You know, I could fix up the door there and maybe I could, you know, do something with that door.

And I really like it here, I really, really do and I want this place. But I will first wait to know this area a little bit better so I can have locations to go just in case they say no before I ask neighbors around here who actually owns it. But it's kind of like right within a park, so I don't know. And not only that, I don't want people to know what I'm doing because every time someone knows what I'm doing, they end up hurting me really bad and I don't like to get hurt.

Kudos. You all like to hurt me.

In addition, right now I'm hiding from the government until I upload all this.

Poor babies. You're going to have to live with it. It's on your hands.

There are none good. No, not one. I have been persecuted much over my lifetime because of this social axiom, which I have found to be true. But then, after much pain and rejection, I found out that I am not one of you.

I am the first half of your Savior's second coming.

Wait for the second half, and then judgment.

And no, not one can say that they were not warned. Too little, too late Still earned you eternity in hell Good job, humanity You did it to yourself High five And now my only purpose in life Is to lead your children to the promised land Jesus loves the children of the world All the little children of the world In yellow, black, and white, they are precious in his heart. Jesus loves the little children of the world.

But there will be few who understand my words and stand up to their own psychology as they open source the world with me on the internet. only these will be saved and these will be very few how close can I put my fingers together without touching them this is the portion that you should expect that will make it to the kingdom of heaven and be adults you had 2,000 years of warning world now it's time to pay the piper the turkeys name that hangs around here is now spirit just so you're aware this is how I have to watch video so I've been waiting for like 30 seconds already this with Dropbox it's not even very good quality see it just just came back on again and then I'll have to watch it for you know like between 10 seconds and maybe 40 seconds and then it'll do that loading thing again for another between 30 seconds to maybe a minute sometimes so it's a really long process especially when you're doing with uh with your long videos you gotta do what you gotta do that's what happens but eventually that'll be fixed like something will fix it or i'll figure out another way to do it but it doesn't matter i just got to get this done at least i can watch videos now that i have the iphone i couldn't do that properly with the samsung but right now that's about all this iphone is good for but later we'll change that i'll get rid of it when that one goes so you're starting to that one's going to be good down there i'm very surprised it lasted as long as it did because it's just like shopping bag material or even worse you know it's like really thin not very good material but i did good do you like my action figures our action figures or should i say possessions okay we just did that because there are a lot smaller files and uh and we're catching up today that's what today's fours to catch up on everything so we close that oh is it still converting let's look all it is

the disk space it's not gonna work i gotta remove some stuff so let's go 27 lucky we we grabbed this before because it would have just not worked so delete all those and just to be sure to be sure to be sure, we'll go 28, hold shift, drag it all the way down here, and then do that. So like basically that's just to know what numbers it started from, so now we got that. And that's enough, that'll do more than enough, but we got an empty recycle bin here. Empty the recycle bin, yes we do.

How much does space? We're still going low, so let's go 29. All the way down. Take off shift, because that's a problem.

Windows 8, the shift button's stupid. Windows 8, when you're using a software keyboard, take those off too. Doesn't really matter. I'm sure that was enough space that we freed anyway.

So boom. After recycle, burn. Yes. 1.75 gigs.

So we're doing good. See how far it's gone. Okay, we still got a while to go. It's okay, we're catching up.

We can put this guy back in. There's a reason why we're waiting. Okay. So we just wait. Scanning media.

Down. Watch it. Wait for it. Wait for it.

Because it always has to, you know, think twice. Down again. Okay, here we go. You see?

see and even though it looks like it started over it hasn't started ever see it's just checking through the file I see see it's just gonna go back to just checking just checking it's so easy so easy see like I had to figure all this out so I could teach all of you guys how to do it and since Australia only allows people to not suffer if they are making a profit trying to figure this out made me homeless and you see all that's happened to me because i had to figure this out why do our universities not give back exams i've created a lot of wonderful work in exams i didn't get awesome grades for but it was really awesome work and i would like that back but that's not the way our university's work. Stupid. 33 days left until the election. We have caught up from the hiccup in Nimbin that caused us to miss a day when releasing an episode. But now it

It is time to load the arc. Didn't mean to select that. One, two, three. Thirty-three.

Two by two. Bang. So this is what happened. The taxi driver made a mistake.

Some reason put $112.78 and I gave him a $5 tip as well. He was only supposed to charge me $50 and he made a mistake. And I put the complaint in. now because of people's mistakes people screw me over all the time I'll get it back but and it wasn't wouldn't even would even been anywhere near that like that I didn't even go that far anywhere near that for all that's crazy every day every day crap like this happens $50 was all I could afford but people don't care about that and the thing is is that it's going to take three days for the refund to go through but they first have to investigate the issue and I don't know how long that's gonna take but people don't care about you know other people's well-being in Australia. G'day mate welcome to Australia. I paid by

card the $50 which I thought that's what I was paying and I gave him $5 tip because he told me the area a little bit with cash $5 tip cash it didn't even make sense because the meter didn't even go near that hard. The meter only went at like $56. I wanted to take the bus here, but the bus didn't come. So I asked the cab how much it would charge and he said $50. And he left the meter running and it got up to like 51

and then there's like two kilometers left, like only two kilometers left. He turned it off because he didn't want it going up anymore and then that's when I got out I paid I guess maybe I didn't look at what was happening I was invested into what I was doing and the guy was a nice guy he told me about the place and stuff like that I just didn't notice I didn't think I could afford a taxi there but when I asked he said $50 so I said I can afford that can't afford $112.78 but that doesn't matter this type of stuff happens often in Australia I go over my bank account and find a lot of inconsistencies like this where I was supposed to pay a lot less Because over the years, you know, I get better at it because I really try to notice, you know, when they're saying something. And not only that, all the FPOS machines are different. And, I mean, there's lots of them that don't show it like, like, clearly.

So, like, you know, once it gets beyond a certain time, because I don't check this stuff every day, but once it goes, you know, past a week or two, there's no going back. So, and it's always over. It's never under. It's always over.

The sooner I set myself up to not rely on any of you, the sooner I will be free of your errors, not mine.

The customer should not have to worry about things like this.

Why should I always have to track back my finances to make sure people didn't screw me over? you know when there's things that don't sit right like you know i'm in the shop trying to buy food and then you know my card gets declined and i'm like you know i didn't spend that money that makes no sense and then you know me looking back you know if it was only like if it's like 60 or 70 i wouldn't i wouldn't know for a long time and almost everybody else in the world has people that they can rely on if things like this happen until their finances get sorted but not me i am alone in this life and our businesses always tend to make out that somehow it's your fault and if our businesses decide to refund you the money that they stole from you then they expect you to be appreciative of that and oftentimes their policies and procedures prevent any resolution I could have got a limo at that price to go the distance that I did oh I forgot I got that for doing something special a long time ago I forgot about it like a long time ago I mean like four months and I just left it but always come back to things that's for box.net let's see how much it is to upgrade we need like a hundred or 110 for everything and I'm not gonna do any more after this so or at least for a long time or at least something different I don't know I'll do whatever I feel like that is why I didn't go to it two gigabyte limit file size useless to me I remember upgraded I got I got some promotion thing to get 50 eggs but I need more 2 gigs like a lot of these files that I'm uploading are 2.8 and they ever even got one that's like almost 4 gigs just be aware that this is all of my production so that's kind of what I need Google Drive is not really good enough now that I got this production and I don't know why I'd say I'm not using less because it should be sinking but I'm about to sink this all over the internet yay why do our businesses make you feel like you've done wrong if they overcharge you I wonder how much they make per year in profits from people who did not catch it Why should we have to worry about being screwed over by our own businesses? Why do our businesses make mistakes so often? I don't make mistakes.

Why are those mistakes such a tedious process to resolve? Why can we not resolve them quickly? Why do we allow people to suffer while they are being resolved? Are you really resolving anything when someone needs that money?

Because when I finally get my hands on that money, I'm going to get paid again anyway, so it's going to be kind of pointless.

Our banks are retarded capitalists. You know, it took me like two years to be able to be approved for a $100 overdraft. Like, I don't have any loans or anything. The only type of loan I have is the Centrelink loan, which that's government. And I get those. When I get it available, I get those because I never get that much money at one time that I can use. You know, it's extra. It's money that I can actually spend on something instead of just living.

but why like you know when I was married you know I was approved for everything but then you know like when I changed lifestyles then it's like ooh we gotta be careful you know I just wanted a hundred dollar overdraft didn't want to I don't want a credit card don't want any loans don't want anything don't want to be in debt but to have a hundred dollar overdraft um And, you know, since I got it, which I just recently got it, you saw it. Since I got it, it's in this production, you saw it. But since I got it, my life's been a lot easier because I can go in debt $100 and it's okay. So that's really good.

That's all I wanted was $100. But at first, you know, they only had $500 options and stuff like that. I didn't want that. $100 is awesome.

This is pretty awesome. This isn't going anywhere world. Good job. High five.

I'll get this next pay too. Yay. Two by two. Get ready for this world.

Because the numbers will catch up with you all. Tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, your children you care about me chasing after one because I want to spend the rest of my life with her but you don't care about them tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick almost finished doing this is going to screw up the dates like you shouldn't do this because it's going to get a new creation date and time and that's gonna screw up the whole process but it's just gonna make it really difficult for me to do on the internet but I need to do it that way because because I need to upload all this and I got a lot to upload I'm really behind and not really behind I'm really quite ahead but I gotta finish this because if I don't finish this I'm just gonna keep producing more and more and more so I gotta finish it and this is the best way to finish it with the without really having internet on that and what I really should have done is jailbroken that to begin with and then I would have been able to upload everything that I needed to but you live you learn and this is the way I'm coping with it you don't need to do this you just need to upload the original files whatever they may be and that way you get the right dates but I'll show when when I do it tomorrow or whenever I get uploaded but once we jailbreak this guy this girl whatever it is then we won't ever had that problem again and I can't jailbreak this now because of all these videos on it because right when I jailbreak it then it will lose all that so I'm kind of stuck until I upload them and the 50 megabyte limit won't upload them unless they're on a wireless point and this guy right here gives me the wireless point but he's uploading right now and if I it's going to make it a lot slower and I just need to get I need to do it in order I thought about doing this first but I really got to do it in order it's too much for it don't Don't worry, I'll figure something out. 32 days left to redeem yourself, goodnight.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-42-Witches-Chase

Okay, so since we're using long play, it's not even that much of a difference So it's not really worth losing the dates to do that, so I'm just gonna upload

When emails made me feel sad I used to delete them. I stopped doing that maybe only two Maybe a little bit more than two years ago. I would have had a lot more

cute, but stupid It's not loading, I got all the way to the point where I unraveled my American spirit and then it stopped and I rebooted it a few times, tried different areas, and it's not loading. That's alright, I got the name to it, so let's do this thing and I'll watch it after. It's all good anyway, I know it is. See it's working now.

Virtual Private Network. okay you have to uncomment both of these so you just press X and then see it uncomment it and then J to go down and then X again and uncomment it and I put local IP and remote IP I'll come back and show you I won't show you what I use but I'll explain to you why I use it screw it that's fine it's just internal IP addresses you can really use anything there as long as you're consistent with the subnets there I might have to remove that tag too but I don't know like usually you don't have to do that usually just uncomment it so we'll find out if it works if it doesn't work then I have to remove those two tags but we'll see so we need to search this document for DNS and you do that by slash dns return and see it's right there so that's what we need you press H H H H see how it's going over H H oops and it's X so we're uncommodating that MS DNS J and see there's two of them so this is the DNS servers that we're going to use, but Google servers are the most popular, so, yeah, C, actually, there's a way to, I think it's C, is it dollar sign? C, W, yeah, C, W, space, alright, so C, W will replace the rest of the line, or the rest of the word, there's a way to replace the rest of the line, but I forgot to find out. Now that I got this, I'll be like, oh, I don't know, I do know, I just can't remember. Okay, so we use Google server, so 8.8.8.8.8,

press escape so you can go down and then J to go down and then CW again you see it'll replace it all and then we go eight dot eight dot eight and then four dot four oh yeah you see I think it was the dollar sign I think we did it right last time um because see they don't replace up into the dot but but the other one worked um so there we go let me go escape and then this and then x which is right and exit almost there so easy you just gotta know what you're doing you're gonna do it that press return it'll do it is it yeah see there we go then we gotta edit this file chap secrets is that right i'm not sure that's right we'll find out it was right we just had to wait for it to load and uh that's what you need to do so your username first and then tab uh star tab password tab star so you need to put your password there and then write and exit that. Then you have to edit this file. Go

to the end of the document and add the MTU as 1400 this way and exit. Write and exit.

So then we have to allow PPPTP through the firewall. You have to be patient. Really patient when doing this stuff. I screwed up. The only thing I messed up with is I put in the local

IP address instead of the public IP address and that made it where I can't connect and that's why it was taking so long to load because I couldn't connect but the thing is you got to save it for it to stay there so all you got to do is reboot the server so that's the IP address that we're working with and to be honest it doesn't matter about the IP address of your server but even though people might try to hack into it it doesn't matter because the thing is is that IP address is connected to this domain anyway and if we're using that domain then it's gonna do that anyway so we just got to reboot from the control panel and yeah we do and remember this service is awesome dot block yay so there the public IP address so we'll do that and see yeah so that then allowed us to get back into our mousy mousy and then we just run this command to save completed so then we just have to restart the VPN now we just have to make all the computers in the network which will be VPS's from VirtualBox we've got to make them be able to talk to each other so we just go to this file and just do a search we'll go IP4 because that's what we're using we're using IP version for see there it is this IPv4 that's what we did wrong so just X there, and you see it, it'll go, reception, cut sending out, yeah, see it's done, so then just do, boom, now we gotta restart it, okay, so this is how we restart that, I think it's very time, done, dun, dun, dun, how can you not understand what propaganda is, is this what helps people, this is all they care about, pay them money so they can lead you to destruction, it's time thank you Australian society these shoes are awesome Tecra I called the cab service back and they said that they were very busy and they would get around to it as soon as possible it is now time for me to lose my human warranty and rely entirely on the one that God provides let's let the elites rape our children here's how we'll brainwash them so we can rape their children too! Baa! Baa! Baa! Here's how we'll fix it but not in the way that these guys

proclaim. Baa! Baa! Baa! They're just sheep too! Misdirected sheep! But Prometheus will

get off his rock and rise and they will be children! What spell has Independence Year four kids cast. If you haven't picked up on it, I am teaching your children white magic because they need to learn how to protect themselves against you. Don't take their immunizations. They're poisoned. Do not trust a word they say.

remember the stockade and we reach our final hope and I seriously considered being a ninja but I will no longer involve myself with Satan worshipers do you understand this is uploading as I do it we are all now free welcome to the open-source republic. Make way for the twelve Olympians. They are reclaiming their rule. And because I gave everything to them, sometimes Bacchus will be considered one of them. And even though they replace Hestia with him, he will not

consider himself worthy because he needs her more than anyone else. Hel Hestia, Vesta, always an Olympian, and Orcus and Persephone will always be the 13th. They are Thank you, Ray, for saving your son, Zeus, so that we may all be free. Hail, Aegis-bearing, Jove.

Now it is time to purify our souls of this, with this, through this, while taking care of this.

to the cloud within 30 seconds after filming them and I do not have to press a single button I already pressed the red button because one can only plan shots to a certain degree and the rest happens because I am a prophet and if you do not listen to me then you will burn in hell for eternity and because you refuse Demeter's gift to me I must find my medication in other ways that are less healthy and even when I am on my last dime I will never starve again because I am Johnny Appleseed cheers world taste of victory and the harvest is now plenty ready for the picking how do you think an angel of death gets its nutrition you are an idiot world because I am here to train the best of your children to also be angels of death so now I call all of God's children do your worst do not fear them respect them take them out let's do this the more satan possessed souls that you harvest the better that you will feel try it it is the best drug in the world Tick чуть-tick Tick чуть-tick Tick Tick Tick Choose your style Are you a pacifist?

You have to search Your soul For the answer to that question Don't be me Be yourself Tick Tick Tick, tick, tick, ding dong, ding dong, ding dong, ding dong, tick, tick, tick, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick to This is how you play aces Hera made me stop filming During my travel so that my new location would not be known The entire day has passed and the cab service has not contacted me back So I've contacted them twice now, and they just keep telling me to wait throughout my life there has been many reasons why I have grown to not like certain foods when I was a child I was sick and my mother made me eat sweet potato that made me feel worse I threw it up on my plate and she got upset and made me eat that too I used to eat celery with peanut butter spread on it and I guess that has memories of my childhood and I guess it brings up family issues in my head and I stopped eating celery a long time ago I just I guess the taste changes with my emotions about the food but I am trying to learn to love all of Demeter's creations. My spoon is too big. I always love mushrooms. Here we go.

I'll get used to it again. I'll like it eventually. That's how your taste works. If you don't like it too much just keep eating it. It'll be fine as long as it doesn't make

you feel sick or something as long as it's not like an allergic reaction. In a past production And I zoomed in this, like inside of it, and I was hoping you would see that there was salt in there. That's a mixture of salt and pepper, a lot more portable. Remember about the spices that we have, the things that we can combine to make it taste better.

Just understand the health implications of that, because too much salt isn't good for you. Over my travels, I have learned that if you're eating something that you don't necessarily like and you add spices that help you eat it and like it then over time you can eat it without the spices and it will be good still because you're eating it and you'll learn what it tastes like but it helps you eat it until until you can taste the flavors in it it'll enhance your taste buds if you do this, because this is really good with salt & pepper. ding-dongs, ding-dong, ding-dong, ding, dong, ding You can ding-dong as

long as you want and those interested in your ding-dongs will watch it those who aren't will likely burn it out tick tick, tick, tick, tick, tick tick the reason is taking so long now is because we have a lot higher quality before, if you, not that one, you gotta edit the camera, you're afraid of this camera now I guess now that I'm here, but here's the settings, and see if I found out more things about this camera, but you see how we got video quality is 25%, that's still really good quality so so that's when you know it's 30 seconds to upload a video that you do it's really cool and in the way that I'm doing these videos is really good because it grounds your foundations of your thought and you can build upon your thought and say your thoughts well over time so it's really cool but I'll a little bit there so that's the resolution we're using we're going to try to convert our other ones to that resolution from this camera either that or convert down I think I just want to want to do that one because this resolution isn't really a standard resolution from this camera okay but so of course we got a light um but I figured out something you see you see that button I never knew that thing did um it was odd okay so that's what that switches cameras um of course the front doesn't have a light but you can go like that and then you can look around and uh and see this thing actually changes the focus you know it's going like that to fix the focus yeah i don't have to do that you just have to tap it and that fixes the exposure or the focus that makes it clear so if it's like if we can get it we can't get it but but that's what it does and if you want to focus on one thing you like you just tap it where where you want to see see there you go so it's like changing the exposure there so it's kind of automatic which is quite cool but I changed seeing the settings here they have a zoom see zoom controls it was on plus and minus which is annoying so the slider is actually really really cool and that slider does the that's the front camera which we can see what I'll show you okay what we're turning it about and turn that on okay so you see the slider allows you to kind of you can do it at whatever speed you want it's really cool it's really neat so I mean this camera is going to be replacing this camera and the only thing I'm going to be using this camera for is really zooming and and I already zoomed enough to be able to understand like our entire world so I mean it's not a replacement for this camera because this camera that I'm using right now is really awesome because it'll teach you so much so until the zoom which is zoom you really need a scope like the only reason the zoom is good is because you know it's long down down here and without a scope I don't think you're gonna be able to get that um yeah but that's this that's really really cool so you know it doesn't work properly you just tap you're not getting the let's look at text so you got so we got here a uh mark of the beast and then we look at it and we just tap see see see see oh it's not doing it uh that's because the lights all right two lights on this way so it's quite cool um but we're gonna have to spend a while uploading these ones that have higher quality um i was hoping i finished it today but tomorrow's going to be the credits. It really is. I keep doing that. I keep saying, oh, good to the credits, good to the credits, but tomorrow's the credits. So enjoy the end

of the production. Finally. Oh, yay. I think it goes without saying how hard it was for me to do all of this if you haven't realized the reason I kept saying oh the credits now the credits now is because I was trying to tell myself to stop this but it just wasn't complete and I had to complete it you know this only was supposed to be one movie and then it turned into this and and and after that was supposed to be three three episodes uh and then you know it turned into this because it had to be complete and I couldn't just make a statement without supporting it with evidence. So now I've done that and now you will all pay. I have practically applied

all that I have said as well as giving you evidence as to all that I have said. All the information is there in front of you and all you need to know is how to click the button which i have taught you how to do the search the search of life maybe we'll use this guy right now but soon we will use many open source solutions as they will be just as good and better than that guy but they will not brainwash you not just read learn how to absorb what is in front of you like don't read it absorb it takes a while takes a long time I didn't learn it until like what a year and a half ago two years ago learn how to absorb your atmosphere including text audio visual everything all your senses use them it's funny because Pico is another crap program just like Nana focus focus hey I want to try this actually where is it okay let's try this you can see that that light is over here and you can never get the center of it does that work well the light turned off let's turn this force it force the light on I wish there was a text browser that was good there's none elinks is probably the best and it's not very good either all of these failures with installing a linux box really annoys me like i see it and i go oh i can't believe i did that but the thing is that i teach you how to use linux all throughout it so it is all very very relevant but for me i'm just reliving the mistakes that i made again and again and i guess that a lot of them weren't really so much my mistakes, but just tweaking the interfaces that I had in front of me to get the result that I wanted. But you got to realize that I spent a long time to try to get things set up like this. So I got to relive this my whole life. But it's cool because you don't

have to do that now. You don't have to go through all the hardships that I went through in order to to get that result so and hopefully hopefully people will realize that I'm teaching how to use all this technology and and be able to learn from it please realize that I have just taught a lifetime's worth of work for free I'm actually going to add that if I get students that watch all of my work then there's going to be a lot of people that are going to get a lot smarter than I am for the rest of the time.

Especially if they start from childhood.

And they don't have to suffer like I have.

If children were taught my material over one year, we would see our world flourish very quickly. I really do love hair, even though my life says I should not.

After I got through the ills that she inflicted upon me, she started to tell me stuff.

Stuff that I shouldn't know.

And this is because I respected her, despite the life that she inflicted upon me. And then she started treating me well. I love you, Juno, Queen of the Gods. Thank you for proving my queen.

I'm sorry, babe. You're going to have to climb up the rocks and then enter the hole. You'll see what I'm talking about soon. It's yours. I'm giving it all back to you.

I am the world's greatest feminist, and I have a penis.

This is for you, Hera.

Before I asked my friend Simon if I could borrow some money,

I asked my father, just like I did at the beginning of this show.

The result was the same.

He hasn't loaned me money since I was 16. He insulted my character in the exact same manner. He is a follower of Christ. Christ, Jesus Christ, is his God.

Right before creating the course The Meaning of Life, I purchased a phone off of eBay.

That phone was faulty on arrival and would not connect to the internet using any cellular networks. To be able to use the phone at all, I had to travel long distances where there were open wireless hotspots.

It was extremely difficult to use, and none of the eBay interfaces would work with it. Of course, I did not have the contact email of the seller. I was on student allowance at that time, which could not even afford me transportation to another town to contact the seller. I was unable to contact them until about a month and a half after the purchase.

But when I was able to afford another phone so that I could contact them They advised me that I had waited too long and they could not do anything about it so I was left with a phone that was useless and

That cost me one whole week's pay Hera The first time I asked for help with the Linux problem that I had I went to an IRC chat room and I was told to type RM space dash RF space slash so after I did that and then rebooted everything was wiped this is the world that we live in it was a Linux help channel my problem was the audio wasn't working i'm broadcasting it baby beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep is anyone out there listen to me listen to me because this is the world that we live in you gotta do something anyone out there anyone out there in the universe look at us humans we're such idiots you gotta help us fix our problems or kill us beep beep beep beep beep beep beep after my mother tried to break me and my ex-wife up in America, I kind of convinced my ex-wife to defend both me and her in a letter to my mother. Later that night, Stan, my stepfather, came by just as I was coming back from work. I stepped out of the car and he punched me multiple times I didn't do anything months later his apology was that I should have stayed in the car and they adopt countless children I am not joking about the countless figure I have lost count after about 20 or so I don't remember and every time I speak to them they are always getting new children they don't speak to me anymore because dear ivory your life is open source and everyone who you interact with past present and future are giving you their details entirely and you need to learn how not to be embarrassed about anything they They will make you feel bad and they will end up rejecting you, but you will save your soul. And they will make you feel like you are a bad person, but they do not know the terminology that they utilize.

Your only responsibility in this life is to your own sword, but the question is how you will sharpen that sword. Goodnight my love. I'll see you soon, in this life or the next, it doesn't matter, it's the same life.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-43-Destruction-of-Crocodilopolis

There were no airplanes if there was you would have gotten that on footage

scanning through audio video

Mistake It's all there so it's really easy to fix Tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick Keeps dropping out. I'll reboot both these times tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick It's the rest of what's in my account. Just until there's more cloud solutions, soon there will be many. Don't support Google once there are.

It's not going to charge me until the 16th, so I'm good. Tch, tch, tch. Ding dong, ding dong, ding dong, ding dong. Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click, click, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock.

How much better are these naming conventions? Why would I need to worry about timestamps when the file name is the timestamp? Click, click, click. I hope you understand how paranoid someone would be staying at a place like this.

Because if someone finds me, they are not going to be happy. But once everything is on the cloud, I no longer care where I am. Click, click, click, click, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock. Because in order for us to be together, we have to break out of jail.

You see how the mouse cursor disappeared? That's Microsoft. And after we get the latest version, we will need to find the tune and learn how to control our computer without a mouse. I only have one USB port.

Thank you. Let's be. Bing, bing, bing, bing, bing. TikTok, TikTok, TikTok, TikTok .

It's on a slow server, take ages.

TikTok, TikTok, TikTok, TikTok, TikTok .

Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click It's the end of the world as we know it, and I feel fine, more than I can say for you, it's the end of the world as we know it, it's the end of the world as we know it, I think I have to set up iTunes, restoring iPhone to factory settings, can't afford the upgrade, it costs $5 more a month, I can't afford that right now because the taxi service hasn't even contacted me back.

That was what the money was for. Anything like this pops up. I'm a digital media expert, and today I'm going to give you some help just in case your iPhone doesn't come up inside of iTunes.

Fuck it. I'm going to have a break.

It keeps on copying files. I don't want old files that have renamed, so I need to do this after I finish. My body is still suffering from all those tics I already know what is going to happen And I kind of knew to begin with But it is okay because I always manage to swing everything in the right way And it is only a matter of time until I get everything that I could ever want Whether or not I am imprisoned by your society Freedom And if you think I am not imprisoned currently, then you are stupid.

And I have a perfect record with a background check done on camera. What did I do to deserve to be oppressed in this manner? I'm going to call the next episode without even watching it.

I will tell you what is going to happen. I will not be able to jailbreak my phone because of my tablet. You see, dear Ivory, I need you to help me break out of jail. I don't have anyone in this life, and no matter where I go in this world, it is always the same story.

I have no reason to live. I am ready to go home. If I had friends, I could merely ask them if I could use their computer for half an hour or so, and that wouldn't be a problem. But when you are alone, a request like that is absurd and always ends with negative results.

I am in jail because I am alone. I secured my handcuffs when I opened myself up about you.

Now there is not a single person in this world who I can share my life with without being instantly rejected.

When people probe my experience and my life, it makes them uncomfortable. I can't get friends. The most I can get is interested ears about the weird person standing in front of them. And when people get to know me and understand what I am doing, they devise plans to hurt me severely.

And they do. This will be the final episode of Independence Year for Kids. This is all for you, my love. But I am not finished yet. I still have more work to do, but this is not for you. You are welcome to watch it if it interests you, but it is not directed at you.

still have to finish understand that the scenario that I put forward to you the first day that I came here is only a dream but it is a utopian one society would stop something so pure house before it ever had a chance to flower after this production is finished I will begin to produce in real time I will be using this and because i can't jailbreak that without a good computer i will also be using where is it this will give me the ability that this should come with stock you are my savior

you are my salvation whether or not you are beside me i am about to begin to utilize nearly all of my finances for advertising. Everybody will know who I am and I will advertise everywhere that I am too. So I will advertise here despite those negative consequences. This camera will be packed away and this one will take over. I no longer need a good zoom, because I have already very effectively

zoomed in on all of our human problems, and I am about to release the furies. Dearest Hera, please give me my love or give me death. Amen. I like spirit. Please

Please my love, understand how much I sacrificed in your name. I would have been able to stay anywhere and eventually make friends, but that option is no longer available to me because of me opening up my heart about you to the world. So now I am a traveler with nowhere to go, nothing to see, no one to befriend. The government hands me over money and somehow thinks that helps.

And ultimately I keep giving you these videos because I have nothing else to do. Welcome to my life, it's unwanted. everyone including me and I have come to accept the fact that I will never be able to end it with my own hand and the government will never allow me to end it by their hand so I am stuck in purgatory so I spend my hundred years walking the beaches attempting to earn my way into heaven or hell because the fact is after I turn off this camera and pack it away I still have to continue to live the life that society has forced upon me merely for being who I am I need drugs to cope with my head since I did not have pot for two years I drank a lot of alcohol and that's what caused me to grind my teeth and get this I hope to shave it off a long time ago before I started all of this because I knew I was going to eventually do it but I never had the money to do it so you end up with me entirely. It happened. These are the scars. They never go away. It appears

that I will be leaving here soon, but I will go anywhere that God leads me. Hopefully, I can't wait. Moving forward to it. Dear God, I will finish your mission, but please after that take me home one way or the other. Amen. God is only one God. We can use

personifications to help us learn different aspects of that one God. If we forget this, then we will burn. Exodus 20, 3. Thou shalt have no other gods before me. If we forget this,

then it is not God that we are worshiping, but it's opposite. It is Pan who unites the universe. Mythology is to teach, not to worship, but it teaches what we should worship. And when you understand, you are halfway there to saving your soul.

Here is the other half. You have to walk it. It is your responsibility to connect the dots into the divine constellation. Almost there.

This is way more than I wanted to do. Please, let's be over with it. Can't get backed up on work like this. Stresses me out.

Yes. It's selected. I think I've just got to wait for it. But please do not misunderstand.

Dear God, thank you for this roof. Okay, so this camera is now a full solution. I'll show you. Alright, hi.

I'm going to go to the settings here, and of course we got that, but the thing is the orientation, before we had auto, which made vertical, which means we can't merge these things, so I changed it to horizontal landscape, so that means that all of them will be the same, so I won't have to play with that, but I'm going to have to play around to get it working right. and here I change the volume button down instead of taking a photo because I take lots of photos which is video I change the pause and resume and I'll show you what that means ok so we'll go back to here ok so I'll turn this guy on and see I can go, so I'll start recording, it's recording now and I can press the volume down button so i can then change angles and go hello and then see now it's resuming again and go over here and then pause it and then come over here and then resume it um and then and then we'll stop it and and you'll see in the photos here i have this and i have them i'm hearing it in my earphones see so that's a like one file so you can pause it and do another take if it's in the same area or if you have to continue thinking about what you're about to say or anything like that so this camera is really really cool so just watching them this is from Dropbox so you do soon we watched it and then go the next one easy the button is still playing up but it is much better than when I first got it oh sure yeah right dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar sure it's on fuck you Australia I haven't asked a single dollar from any of you who is running the more ethical race. Who in this world wants me? I am available no matter who you are.

So now I will spend the rest of my life searching for a country that has a heart. All of my work is designed to keep me on track. I will find you Ivory. My work is This design is to keep blades away from here Get Ready World I warned you all Thumbnails Almost there Tick Tick Tick Tick Tick Tick Tick Trick Tick Tick Tick Tick Tick Tick Tick Tick Tick Tick Tick Tick Tick Tick Tick Tick Tick Tick Tick Tick Tick Tick Tick Tick Tick Tick Tick

Reticulating Splains I just made all of this so easy to do Already so fast with times and dates. Now we're gonna watch these ones We did so well And not supporting flash That's not cool. Do y'all break it and you just install flash like so stupid. Why would they do that?

these are our new settings Okay, the third one there is is rotated differently so what we will do is see what it will do by combining the first two three and then see what happens please be aware of what you're looking at right now my fingers this is your cartoony platform enjoy my love the moment of truth will you annoy us and give us more work or will you work without us doing anything there's a moth on me keeps annoying me it looks good this is different how do i clear it all see it just clears the video about that one it's gonna say clear there you go control third time is a charm control reticulating enlightenment merging let's take over the world whether or not anyone else approves i might be wrong i will now pray wherever we go the tune will follow no matter what device we use which way it is turned or whether or not we have power, we will always continue where we left off. And it will even be extremely easy for us to fix our mistakes. Again and again. I have 6.1.4. I thought this one did it though. Bang. Fuck you star now. I'll get

everything. I'll get my open source stars back that you took away from me, taxi. Welcome to our digital world. Thinking in binary. It's okay, Apple's getting exposed as the retards that they

are. This device is capable of being a computer, a really good computer, but they lock it. So you can't upload or download more than 50 megabytes, retards. That's the only reason I need it.

So when you buy an Apple device, just remember if you want it to actually do anything good, you have to have another device that's not Apple.

Just remember that Apple owns you.

And just remember the world that we live in.

There are people left in the world. There's syntax, but there's no semantics. The majority of the internet is fraudulent. Just like our government.

And businesses. And education system. You've seen it all now. Who are you going to choose to get educated by?

Me or them? You have seen the results of them. you are the results of them but I have managed to turn their evil technology into good you just got to see past them here's the map commit yourself entirely to open source education despite the suffering that it incurs over time you will see our world change you just need to know how to do not get a job this is your job help everybody where does the word job come from let's check from the olive tree this is your job this is what society does to your children and if you try to give it another chance this is what will happen but this is what your children are about to do the hook I believe in fairies you should be able to see it in the footage. I'm not sure what it is. It's cute. Always leave the window open

because we live in a beautiful world despite the ugliness of our species. To live...



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-44-Oracle-of-Delphi

Now that would be an adventure. When you get lonely, Wendell, just remember where you were and where you are now. You have found home. Now you only define your queen.

I love you, humanity. Can we eat it? That's how I lose, friends. Every time for being who I am.

Still no time. See, that's it.

Never mind, I forgot to change that one.

Now that's more like it.

Always at the window.

So gentle.

I have one friend, and he is a better friend than any of you have. Who is richer? If a distribution upgrade causes too many problems, first you have to edit this file.

Then insert this, and then save it. after you put your sources back to the original then use that command



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-45-Dedication-to-Nemesis

Where did I go wrong? I lost a friend

somewhere in the bitterness

One more time, but this time I know exactly what to do But you haven't even noticed me. I'm I don't I don't do I just work and I'm quiet I never say anything like I'm just I'm really to myself and I just do yeah I'm trying my best to not be homeless. I'm trying my best not to be homeless yeah I've been I've been there yeah I've just been where I came from Canberra that's where I came from Canberra I was trying to get Canberra to help me because I just need a place with nature I can't afford to buy anything but I can rent but but the rental markets just want me to rent like a house and that doesn't work for me and I can't find anywhere like that like I've been searching for something like that and all like i don't have people over or anything you know i'm i'm just a traveler and i just i just trying to find a home really and i love the mountains i love here i want to be here i want to move here because it's just so beautiful here and and i've been looking for a spot like this for my whole life but you know you have to own a place like this to to even function you know and i can't i can't afford to own like the prices went up so much people people my age can no longer afford even like our younger generation we screwed around our whole younger generation because they're never going to be able to afford places

and then you're going to get more people like me it's not going to it's not going to stop you're going to get more people that just can't afford to buy and and don't function well in those housing systems like we have there and and eventually people like me are going to get annoyed and then and then rebel um because we that's all i need you know i don't care about if it leaks i don't care if there's holes in the ground i don't i can fix all that you know i'm really good with everything that i touch i turn into gold um but but because i can't own a place you know this soil is owned by you like you own the soil and and like i just want to live in my environment that's all trying to do live peacefully with the animals around me and my nature but it's not just here it's everywhere i've been all around australia trying to find a place to live trying but but then you see i don't know anybody like i'm just i'm alone in this life i was abandoned as a kid and i've been trying to find so i studied that's what i did because i could i didn't have anybody around me so i studied i just studied and studied and studied i became really smart from it philosophy philosophy yeah yeah yeah i'm trying to look for caves or whatever you know anywhere that i can have a shelter and just be you know within nature like like i just got here not too long i just got here like a week ago and i was you know i was homeless you know i was out out there you know and i tried to go down to thunderbird park but you know i'm a walker and you know how dangerous that road is like i almost got hit by so many trucks and cars and motorbikes like so when you're when you're walking i don't know what to do raymond like i i'm trying to live um in this world but this world's not allowing me to do it because i don't function in a house like they want me to and to be honest the houses that i can afford are where do you want to go at thunderbird park we don't know i wanted to live that that was that was it that's why i was at thunderbird park You were at Thunderbird Park. Yeah, but it was too dangerous to walk there every day.

Sorry? You were not a wreck. If I stayed at Thunderbird Park, I'd probably be hurt right now. You know, I'm away back from Thunderbird Park.

There was a biker, a bicyclist, that was hit by a car. Like, that road's not made for people to walk. It's only made for vehicles. No, I mean it's another way. It goes down from the Knoll National Park, from the park itself.

There's an area there for the rubbish dump. It's very, very much looked after by the council. But beyond that, there is what was known. And Thunderbird Park doesn't get any reception, which I work online, like that's how I, that's my existence is on the internet.

I'm an online teacher. And so, I mean there's so many problems. Like, I guess I could stay there the night, but, you know, I'm really looking for a home, and I'm, and by a home, just a place that I can be quiet and do what I need to do. Look, I can tell you this, that if people are known, you're there, the council, the whole thing is interesting.

I know, but I don't want to do anything official, because the council wants me in a house. What I am learning is that if it is found out, and somebody will eventually find out, even if I were not to say anything, somebody will eventually go to the people down further, and then there would be problems.

There would be questions and problems, wherever you go, they've got you. but i can't where can i live i've been homeless like i don't want to be homeless i just want to live with nature and everywhere i go i get moved along so tomorrow i'm either going to have enough money for rent here or i'm either going to walk away from this town with with a frown and go to another place and try to do the same thing like because this is how i have to live like the government hasn't really hasn't really made me be able to exist and i'm an australian citizen too so like how should i exist i don't know how to exist raymond i've been trying to find that out my whole life and i end up homeless because of it i i write i write really well i i do video like i'm done i'm a documentary filmmaker i'm very very well educated i mean i can't decide understand understand well why don't you think about it I have to I have to stay there tonight but tomorrow I can walk away if that's what you want I can walk away tomorrow. I'm not well myself. I love, I love the nature around here. It's so beautiful.

I love it. It's a little honey. It's a really huge thing. When you leave a sap, a sap is a sticky substance and it's very sweet. Can you eat it? The birds, birds come to it and

you. They enjoy it. And then, that attracts insects. And then they eat the insects?

So another type of bird, the insects, the various ones, come. So you have the small honey-eating birds, or not even that, but small birds. I saw a... Thornbill. I see lots of animals, birds, lots of birds and I film them and then I

look them up later because I don't know what they are. You got a bird bill for it? No, well I use the internet. So I film them so I can get the details and then I look them up.

So I learn the names. I do that with plants too, especially edible plants. So I try to learn, like it looks like you got choco down there. down there like there's a lot of edible plants that i try to learn what they are in my environment

you know i don't want to put pressure on you how about you just think about it and tomorrow i can leave so so tomorrow we can talk and then i'm happy to go away um and and not come back i just wanted to give this place a chance um i'm just trying to find a home raymond yeah i know i know and the thing is I don't want I'm really awesome I look at I mean I made structures all over like all I need to do is have materials in front of me and I just build so I don't need structure like all I need if the government if I could afford land just a little bit of land I could make I know that but they have regulations you have to build like this which costs this much money and it doesn't it doesn't help people like me it doesn't help people like me right now I'm just trying to live that's all I'm trying to do I don't know I don't mean the people are going to think you're wrong or bad in any way but I have a perfect record I've never stolen anything never ever stolen anything in my life i i um i was even i even filmed a uh there was a police check done on camera where i got cleared you know i'm i'm a really good person i've been trying to be a good person that's what philosophy is about is trying to be a good person but but nature is my environment not these city type things doesn't work for me i'm sorry to load all this on you you think about it because i don't I don't want to, you should think about it. I'm thinking about it, don't worry about it. Places that... I love Whitver.

You have films, you make films. I make films, yeah, of wildlife. Yes, that's been recognized. Yes.

I've won an award. I don't know what to do about this. That's okay. Like, it doesn't matter.

I don't want to put any pressure on you. I can either, you know, pay my dues or I can walk away. Well, that's something, even if one cent might make you feel better, but I'm... I got the money, it's not the money, it's never been the money.

It's the nature, I need to be in nature. I do, I like classical music, I like the melodic classical. i can play i'm a musician too i can play almost all instruments i've been like and what i did because i use computers and i have to carry everything so i got this instrument that i can use on any portable device 13 strings it's called i made it a lyre do you know a lyre so i made an electronic lyre so i could carry it around with me no matter where i am so i still have music, I can still play my music. I'm very talented. I'm a web programmer. Everything

I do is on the internet, and I do it all myself. I'm very good at what I do, and I'm not a bum. I'm not a bum. Do you need someone to help you guys?

No, we're right in that respect. We are, because we are. What about, do you need help managing the property? There's not much money.

I do know. I know that it's a real problem. Well, it's not a problem because I can go away tomorrow if that's what you decide. And I won't have any hard feelings towards you if that's your choice.

I would not hold any hard feelings towards you. Because I've been moved along everywhere I go because people say you can't do stuff like this. So I get moved along and I go to a different town and try to find another place to wiggle in and be amongst nature and This is this just keeps happening to me and I don't hold any hostility towards anybody throughout my journeys I just think it's a shame that there's places like that all around Australia that nobody uses. uses but then i just want to you know stay there and and it's a problem because we because of land because this stuff right here this soil this beautiful soil it's so expensive this stuff is really expensive and who who made this who made this soil well i'm being affected by it and i have been for the last three years affected by that about that by the soil being so expensive if i if i was born 20 years before i would have a nice property and i wouldn't have to worry about about living this lifestyle yeah well well i'm 29 years old right now 29 so if i was born 20 years before that i'm pretty sure i know i would be because i know the prices that that that australia i mean that's what i research is because i don't i don't agree with the housing systems because they push people like me out but I'm the one being affected all everybody else is happy in houses I'm the one that can't do it like my my head doesn't cope with it and not just that using power like having power necessary like you have to have power connected to your grid like like that doesn't make any sense to me I don't want power I want the sun to power everything I want I want to live you know with a solar shower like I don't want to no no I'm talking no no there's portable solar power all you get is a bag that's black right and it has a nozzle coming off of it and it fits 20 liters of water so you put 20 liters of water in and the Sun comes on it and it heats that water and then you got a shower stuff like that that's what makes sense to me like Building a shower and then connecting that to a hot water system and then putting pipes through it to travel water for long distances, that doesn't make sense to me.

It seems backwards when you can just put water in a 20-liter bag that's black that then heats up by the sun. But I don't have a family. I know you don't, but that's why you're the odd man out. I know, but I want a family.

i like that's what i've been looking for i've been searching for love that's everything and and not only that when when you when you're a traveler and you have no family and you don't know people around like you you're homeless there's that's that's the end and then you got this bond thing that like i can i can afford rent or whatever but but i can't afford bond i mean it's like four weeks in advance and and and then you like there's a lot you have to pay you really have to have between one to three thousand dollars to even get a house um and the thing is is that you have to wait and then you're also in competition with people and then you have to put your bond before um before you actually get the get approved for it so you have to wait around for approval for it and and then you don't know if there's going to be hostility in the environment so you might end up somewhere you don't like but you're kind of stuck there because you got to do the same process to get to somewhere else it's it's a backward system i just want to live in nature like that this is what god's given trying to find a home trying to find a place to live in this world like I'm not trying to hide I'm not trying to hide I just want to live I just want this is this is how I'm structured my psychology is nature orientated and to be forced into a house makes me crazy makes me makes me not not work I can't do it I don't think about four walls and a roof like I'm thinking about shelter not not this certain type of shelter and I can either make my own shelter or but then i need the materials to do that but i'm very good at working with whatever materials are in front of me um and that's what i've done all throughout australia like on in canberra canberra has a really bad problem with homelessness um and uh i went to the top of black mountain and and made a tent and made these structures and made like these beautiful and I had beautiful views of the heart of the, you know, the new parliament house and everything. I had beautiful views. And I basically, I spent my whole time there a year and three months, a year, three months, 12 days. I spent my whole time there trying to work on the housing systems because it excluded people like me.

But they ignored me. Of course they'd ignore you. But that's not nice.

I'm not laughing at you. I'm the one suffering from this. I'm the minority because I don't have a family. like everybody around me i see has a family and then me like because i don't it's i'm the one that gets excluded i'm being like i don't know what to do i can't i can't like i go to america and i don't america's not any better like what can i do what can i do raymond i'm quiet i just i stick myself i just i'm online you must be quiet or i would have known yeah i just film nature i film nature talk about nature like with a low voice you know like because I'm trying to I love nature coming to me you know I love nature liking me and it does it does it does I mean I get birds eat now my hands I get birds flying on my hands and nature loves me yeah and I love it why don't you just think about it and tomorrow we can have a talk because I don't want to force you into a decision right now. I got a time. I got a time. You mean the time right now?

I were nearly all hit. Sorry? I didn't mean that. I just heard it.

That's the bird. Do you know what bird that is? Do you? I don't know what that. It's a bird.

I'm trying to develop technology where you can put the sound into a program and then it will identify the bird for you yes that's what I'm working on there's nothing out there like that well right now I'm developing software that you can do text to speech so you can record like words and sounds and then you can paste in text and it'll repeat it to you with the words and sounds that you recorded previously so you could like read a whole book with your own voice just by words and sounds that you recorded so that's the sort of stuff that I do that's what I spend my time on and the thing is I release it free to the world and then and then make it donation based so if anybody wants to pay me they can for it but the is it's the whole world that can then donate to me so that's my that's my job because everything that i do is free um but but then i allow people to donate if they wish to and that's the way i love living because i can't ask for people for money i don't like that i don't like you know hey give me money to do this service you know i do what i do what i do because i love doing it. And I could do nothing else. It's beautiful. I love doing what I do. It's helping.

It helps people. In the long term, it helps a lot of people. I just feel quite doubtful. And of course, I have to think very much for my wife, too.

I understand. Very much.

It is. I understand. I found it just by walking around this nature park. And I saw it.

i just found it just by walking around this park what all this that's how i found it that's how i came to find it all of this cause that's the nature yeah see that's what i thought i didn't know what that was and i thought maybe eventually i thought maybe you owned it but it was all everything was taken out and uh No. This is a little national park. It's very small. Notice up there, you might say the size of it, but it's very small.

And it's very precious for that bird. There's a lot of it, too. Oh, yeah. When I was a little boy, I remember that there was some timber taken out of it, but it's grown since then.

well tomorrow did you want me to come over and we can talk about like there are certain times that we could I could come over and then we can talk about it and don't worry I'm okay to leave tomorrow's Saturday yeah I get paid every Saturday yeah yeah everything in my environment I'm trying to notice Yes, I know, I do know. I'm just wondering where, tomorrow, the family is trying to work out where, you know, the goats down there, in the wells, not, not the, not the buck. Oh, yeah, that's beautiful, yeah. ...supposed to be here.

I'm just trying to think I will. I'm hot somewhere down here. And, you know, on the way... Well, down here is the toilet.

Down there. And I'm trying to think of a time when I might be able to meet you there. Spring? Yeah, there, that shelter there, I mean...

Yeah, yeah, so there's swings and then there's little seat stalls and... Yeah, that's right. And then there's a shelter. And that shelter.

Okay, yeah. And there's a seat across the other side of the walking... Just with the information center right next to you? Yeah, above the information, just up the rise from there.

I'd be very happy to say no. You can. You really can. The last three years I've been doing this.

So it's not a problem. I get paid tomorrow and I can leave this town if that's what's required. This town has been difficult because there's been no public shower. and that's why I was thinking of a solar shower and I could get a solar shower and that would be awesome but the thing is I have to carry it around and if I can't stay here it's not worth me staying in this town so but that's okay that's okay Raymond like I don't want to pressure you into anything.

Right I think of any other place out here might accommodate your needs. See the problem is I don't get along with big groups like I like to be I'm isolated I'm a very isolated person, and when you put me within big groups, I don't like the party scene, I don't like the drinking, I don't like the swearing, I don't like the cruelness that... No, well, that sort of thing is just out of my life. There's a lot of it out there, Raymond.

No, it doesn't worry me. You just walk away from it. I walk away from it, but then I, like, then I get excluded and then have to go somewhere else.

Yes. Yes. You're expected to be one of your boys. I'm not.

I'm not.

You know, I used to have a house with lots of stuff and a good job, and I was married. And then three years ago, my ex-wife left me. And I looked at all of it, and I go, what does this all mean? Because when she left me, I had no one.

and and I had to go back to nature I had to go to nature because I wasn't doing well like mentally I wasn't coping with the house with being in the place like that and ultimately that's why she left me because you wanted you know a beautiful house and all these things and I so I I donated all my stuff and then walked out I've been looking for a place since then I have I have not I've been I haven't been to New South Wales or South Australia or Tasmania. Those are the places I haven't been.

Oh, wait, are you talking about the Byron Bay area and stuff like that? Because I've been to Tweed Heads or I came through Tweed Heads to get here. To get here. But it's all the same story.

Everywhere I go, it's these big cities, and they want you to rent in these places. And I don't know. I need a place like, because eventually if you say no, eventually i'm gonna have to find a place like that that's what i'm looking for and uh and i'm just gonna travel australia i mean i can't go anywhere else um any other countries plus it's probably the same story everywhere but eventually i will find something like that and i'll be able to rent it and then i can call a place home and i can settle in and i can make it nice um but eventually that's where i'm gonna end up with um i mean because i i can't do anything else i can't What are you doing here, Raymond? I do understand.

I just can't see it. The beautiful bird? Yeah. Do you know what that is?

Yeah, it's a beautiful bird. The Australian Stormbill. Stormbill. Yeah.

But I'm not certain of that, what it is, because it seems a little bigger. Yeah. I'm sorry that you had to end up catching me walking out, I was honestly going to come over tomorrow because I wanted to have the money to either leave or to be able to pay you and that's why I was waiting till tomorrow because I get paid every Saturday. what is that an income of some sort yeah every saturday beautiful huh see i record all these noises and i hear them because i have to watch my stuff again and again and again i hear them again and again oh and do you know i could whistle double i could whistle a melody and a harmony with it oh yeah it's true i did and i did it through learning i didn't have anybody i found it by Wow that's cool that's cool. I've impressed. I can do the in and out, like, and I can do...

Yes, very hard to imitate. Well that's what I do, the ones I hear most often I can then imitate. Yes, yes, yes. The suddenness.

Yeah, yeah. The snap at the very end, that's hard to get. Yeah, I can do the whole where you put your hands together and then do that.

Let's see if I get a hole in one. Just say whatever. Big words for ya. don't understand. Coalition? Look up the word. Corruption? They don't know the cross. That's

what it takes to save a government. Thank you. To molest children. Awesome. Good job.

In money money. Waste your time. A volunteer. Donate. A volunteer. Have? You tell me. Do

think this is just another election you are wrong this is the beginning of the end of the world as we know it Wendell do not get a car powered by this do not trust or obey the government create your own government and encourage every individual to do the same. We will do it all. My name is Wendell Charles NeSmith and this is the type of life that I have to live. This is the only type of life that my psychology accepts. And when you keep moving me on, eventually you will

pay for your sins. I love you this much.

beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep transmission ending this incident with Shannon has made me realize that I can't advertise where I am I'll get ran out of town I can only advertise in places where I'm far from I have never touched a girl inappropriate nor would I ever you guys suck. I'm gonna burn in hell. Simon is the only person in this world that knows my secret and still talks to me. He just tells me not to talk about that and it'll be fine. So I respect that. Throughout this production, you have seen many people

reject me because of who I am. Because I love you. And earlier in this production I stated that it would remain undedicated until you stepped in but I have reconsidered. I dedicate my life entirely to you despite those consequences. I dedicate Independence Year for kids to my best friend Simon

Fulbrook. He is not a Christian, but he is our brother in Christ. Heaven will bless him with many rewards. Let's get ready for the trial, Ivory. I just want

to make it clear that I am not pagan. Do not put me into a box. But when When completeness comes, what was in part, bang.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-46-Naruto-VS-ANBU

The only servers that you need is Zeus and Venus And you do not even have to worry about backing them up I have just showed you how to create your entire setup in about half a day And at the end of the day We must accept the fact of what the world does to people like me

Because all around Australia

abandoned shacks like this fuzzy exists Where I could live peacefully with my mother But that is no longer a possibility in our society Because she is owned by people and as I get kicked out of my dream home the cheapest one they have I walk away unsure where to go and unsure what to do desiring nothing more than a roof over my head and a warm shower and we will break the law every day in order to survive people own all this we'll keep looking and at the end of the day we will find our new home one that will be very difficult for people to kick us out of and we will bury our mousey mousey right below the ground that we sleep rest in peace my friend

mother will take care of you now natural landscaping this is in accord with our mother and hear it our pay the machines you use are evil this is your machines but this time we will not make ourselves known to Satan worshippers which I have now proven to be all of you and because I am refused an adequate water source to bathe myself I will become the smelliest person in this town but that is okay because one day I will either kill myself you will kill me or your children will come to my rescue. Beyond a doubt I have proven everything that I have said. Countless abandoned shacks like that exist all around our world and primarily Australia because that's what I see.

But we have countless homeless people. What is wrong with us? You are wrong with us. Shed.

because regardless of what you say my world will always kick the ass of yours and the more that you make people like me suffer just in order to exist the more people like me will fight against you and win because we're individuals try unlocking that there is only one combination. I am through asking for permission in order to live on my own soil because all of you always say no and then move me on. The next time someone tries to move me on we have a war on our hands if a better solution is not provided to me. No longer will I accept the answer it's not my problem because that is how I ended up in this situation to begin with I am all of your problems because your problems have created me I was advised to leave this town and I was going to do that when I left that hut but I will no longer run I will no longer be bullied by you I will only be leaving Australia if ivory is somewhere else you have to deal with me sometime why is this no longer used this is the theater of life welcome to the open source republic take a seat and shut up unless you are one of the actors how does our mother like this welcome to Australia I hope you enjoy your stay the tambourine man has now done his dance for you which is merely to hold a camera while he attempts to live his life the best way he knows how I'm lost I'm never lost and maybe now I no longer live here but it is a spot in this world that is entirely abandoned and that means it will always be a safe house if i ever need it and shortly its water will be the only thing that i need for apollo will provide me all the power required lights it's more important right now i'll come back and get them when I'm ready. It's about to get dark. It'd be annoying carrying those in the

dark. On second thought, I will leave them here and they will be here for me if I ever need to use them here. Same with the tarp. I'll do what I need to do to survive. I don't care what any of

you say. Fuck you. Tonight is my last night of recording for this production. I'm going to get the solar shower and I'm going to leave it here. I'm going to use it when I need to. I'm going to

have a shower. There's no one around here. It's abandoned. Like really abandoned. Like closest

places or like 400 meters away. It's ages. No one's ever walked through this area. Like I've hurt people um one time and they weren't even in this area so you know i can't be here to take a shower i'll be here to take a shower i'll be here to get power if i need it i'll be here to to hang out if if i want to rest i like this place i don't care what i don't care that i get kicked out you know what are you gonna do put me in prison fuck you put me in this position like look at the the prices of houses I don't even want a house look the prices of prices of land and not only that look at the regulations that you require to live on that land um you can't do like I'm doing fuck you all fuck you fuck you Australia they will never understand nor will they have a peaceful revolution the elites prohibit it it's time to get out their weapons they be careful for these things they hurt they leave splinters in you so now I will finish with a letter to all of the children of the world in particular in Australia these things aren't good either I grab all your clothes and rip them the government has fucked you over really bad you will never be able to afford property unless you work really really really really really hard your entire life doing stupid stuff that they think is profitable you'll never reach your potential you know I mean got caught in my face didn't feel very good greed has turned the prices of land here in Australia to outrageous prices and in order to afford a place that is any good that doesn't have problems like I've shown you in my work and you have to be rich or really wealthy you know human tracks you really got fucked over with the economy the last 10 or 20 years the prices used to be affordable poor people were buying places and now they're rich and now they exploit you the government was pretty much giving away land to a lot of people and they thought oh yeah this is awesome but the government had plan because they knew this would happen because when this happens they get you under their thumb you can be whoever they want you to be the cheapest property around here is one acre and that is two hundred and eighty thousand dollars just the property and you are not allowed to live on that property in the way that you desire you have to build a house in the way that they desire this is what you pay for this is what you pay for if you do not do something about their sins right now then when you grow up it'll be too late I have spent my entire life trying to fix this problem for you but I have been ignored and laughed at by every single adult and all of you might smile now at the beautiful world that you live in but you will one day realize that it is a farce your school is brainwashing you the television that you watch is brainwashing you learn to see what's in front of you who do you think controls that media start thinking this is choco you can eat it it grows abundantly as a vine throughout Australia the government is bad news and I am serious when I say that if you are abandoned and are a child, then you will likely in the future get raped by them.

Wish I could stay there. Nowhere in this world for me.

It's not legal for me to exist. Then how? Where? Where can I exist?

Don't ask me. Sort it out. But you're saying I can't live here. No, it's my problem. Your problem is to sort out how you can function in this society.

But I've been trying. I've been trying. I can't figure it out for you. Okay. I try for myself. God knows that's hard enough. It is? Okay, so how much did this property cost you when you bought it? This is my father's property. He died in January. Okay, so you inherited it. You know, it's abandoned as a child, so good job for you. That is still not my problem. Okay, it's not your problem. Your parents couldn't cope with this. Okay, so then I get put in this situation, and no, everybody keeps saying it's not my problem. Everyone keeps saying it's not my problem. Well, why should it be anyone else's problem? Okay, then what do I do? I don't know what to do. Figure it out. Like, everyone has to. Everyone is autonomous in this.

I've been trying. I've been trying. You know, I want to live like this. I love this. This is beautiful. This is gorgeous.

I know. It's actually like me. And I'm really good. I'm vegetarian.

I paid good money for the property that I own up there, which is, abouts this. I'm vegetarian. I, like, I do, I'm very good in my environment. Animals love me.

Like, this is, I want to get, you know, I can't afford it. You know, the price has gone up so crazy. Why do you want to make them such a cranberry? Why not go out further out west?

Because I need to come in to get food. Like, I don't have transport. I don't have car. I've got to go in to be able to get food and water and things like that.

That's what I've got to do is travel to get food and water. I'm really trying. I know it's not your problem, but what am I supposed to do? I don't know what to do.

I can pay rent. I can't pay bond. I can pay rent. There aren't places for people who can't, but why not go up to the National Park?

Thunderbolt Park, you know, it's dangerous. You know, I almost got hit because I don't want to walk. no the place is surrounded by national parks come you want to pack up and i'll show you the way fuck you australia they will never listen my children we need to form together and start a real war welcome to our digital world there is nowhere that's flat i am fucked for tonight here we'll have to do looking over people who have houses and a shitload of land but just to be safe we will go behind obstacles on second thought the obstacles is the road we'll go back that's people I must leave here tomorrow and try to find a flat spot as well somewhere that people won't see me that's on the road not near the road but my life will continue like this i have shown you everything that i need to show you

if this evidence will not convince you to rebel against your parents then nothing will but i must warn you that if that is the case then we as humans all of us will perish very shortly darn If you children do not stand up against your father and mother, then we have no hope. We will not survive. I promise you that. If I am homeless and it is illegal for me to be anywhere, then where is it that I should be?

Not my problem. Everyone says this, including the government. Whose problem is it? It's my problem?

What do I do? I can't just disappear. You want me to? You want me to cut across that? Maybe I will.

Maybe I will. I'll think very carefully.

But that's illegal too, and you put me in a psychiatric ward for having those thoughts.

That's from my face.

I honestly do not know what to do, Australia.

You have made it where I can do nothing.

Except be pushed along. Dear Australia, I ask you from the bottom of my heart, please legalize assisted suicide. I can't do this anymore. It's been too long.

It's all being combined. After I sort it all out, after I sort out open source university entirely, I can go. I don't know what to do, my love. Your parents will hide this from you, this content.

And I think it is very unlikely that I will ever find you. you i can't live like this anymore my love if it is too late for me by the time that you receive this

then i am sorry but i have given you everything that you need to accomplish all of the tasks ahead of you again i'm covered with hunk



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-47-The-Virgin-Mary

And for the first time in a major production, I will not bow to any human.

This cave was hard to get, at least around here. It should be simple. It's pretty standard. It's just too prone.

It's hard to get that. It doesn't matter too much. Soon Apollo will power everything.

They do not understand the words they say. And as a result, they corrupt them. if i could only bring myself to jump i just want to live i just want to exist somewhere there you know anywhere anywhere sheep for the slaughter it's coming me too it won't finish it'll just keep going



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-48-Kuckoo

That was merely to survive this week. And I will go without food for a few days. And there is no free food services in this town.

It's a divine tragedy.

Why does no one care? I care about you.

Pedophilia is loving children. Not doing that to them.

They're not pedophiles. They're child molesters. This is how you get votes. You do one good thing your whole time in office at the very beginning.

Oh, and you have to be an elite.

The taxi service refuses to escalate the issue or return my calls.

I said in an earlier episode that this was the day that I went public. But what I meant to say was that this is the day that I started shooting videos instead of writing. This was definitely the day that I, one, lost everything in my life that mattered to me, two, was knocked to my ass by God and told to do all of this, and three, started writing for the public. Read those details.

this is to verify release dates because we will all need them later why am i documenting this if you cannot figure that out after all of this work then you have problems you need to be the one in a psychiatric ward hera there's many more than that that's when i started subscribing wonder what good causes all this money that they're going through could go to tweet



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-49-Freedom-OR-Death

Can you say brainwashing, brainwashing? Why do we do this? How natural is it? Makes no sense. We're idiots.

Just so you are aware, I really should go to the hospital. But as you know, every time I do, they take away my rights. I got these all over me. They itch like mad.

Why won't you give me a home? I can't afford your homes when I'm spending all of my money trying to survive. Head to toe.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-50-The-Antichrist

a real kiss. Here is the cab company that stole $62.78 from me, who knew my situation from the beginning, but did not care. So now I will fast in their honor. That's not me sucking my gut in. Did you want to see me sucking my gut in? And when I explained to

them that I would go hungry, they told me to shut up and not talk about that subject. I am seeking asylum from Australia, please help me. Since 1999, I have been screaming for help. I'll be coming home as soon as I can afford it, my love.

To the lands of the free and the home of the brave. Longest time I thought you might be in Australia, but today I realized that God used that for me to complete my mission here. So today the yellow, blue, and white transforms to red, white, and blue. I seek shelter from Australia.

Where can I find it? Are you there? I don't know why I even bother. No one ever responds because I have no other options.

I will be leaving this godforsaken town shortly because it denied me of my human rights, including food, shelter, and the ability to clean myself. What is it exactly that these people do? I have yet to work that out. They sell it tonight.

Watch it. I would not have been able to stay at this caravan park if it wasn't for a few incorrect assumptions made by the administrator when I told them about my life. Now let's watch where they would prefer me to exist tonight. And every time their savior rises, he will be crucified by them, his own people.

And this process is doomed to repeat itself until she is handed a method to convey the message of God to its sickest yet most potential of creations on earth in a format that cannot be misunderstood or corrupted by man. It's time. clear up countless misunderstandings that were implemented to control a lot of people going down you don't do that to children you will be honored I'm unloading the horse this guy right here I met him a few months after recording this and I showed it to him and I'll tell you what happened after no so after that guy talked to me and he realized that I didn't claim Jesus as my God but my leader he said that I was following Satan do you think he understood the practical application of anything he learned. What about this? I am in a cloud

right now. Let a little bit of light clear that up. What about this? Hope you hear my stomach. Minerva. Seven years. A year each day. It's not my fault if you

people are too stupid to interpret. Time to learn. I am not a deceiver. I demonstrate deception to show you truth. I am God-like and I have God to thank for that, not Satan. Do not worship me.

Do not worship him. Do not worship any human. You may praise your saviors if that's what floats your boat, but do not bow your knee to any human. And if I am to serve the worst human fate possible, merely for trying to live a good life, then you have made a grave miscalculation.

Dear God, please give my audience what they are requesting. Amen.

Almost done. Can we please free education together? I beg you. Australia is the best country in the world at putting up fences.

I'm very good at tearing them down. And I must continue to remember that I'm working off God's time and not my own. my own. I am only a pawn and for now the skies are clear. Can you hear it? I'm really itchy everywhere.

It hurts. It hurts. My palms itch like mad. I got both of them. I recovered from Nimbin.

nice to die. Why do you take away my rights every time I go to the hospital? Yeah, I don't have a choice. I'm alone. I have to kill it one way or another. The only thing that can

stop me now is death. The only thing that can stop me now is death. Make that nothing. And maybe the hell storm that was forecast did not come to pass.

But if these are your thoughts, then your eyes were not quick enough to see it.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-51-Second-Coming

The only living person that I will humble myself to is you my dear I am nothing compared to you need to understand and accept this my love you are the second coming that our Christians prophesy but they are not nor ever were our people The church converted them from being lost to being controlled.

We are noisy miners, as you wish.

April 10th, 2010. Now we get to the core of everything that I have taught you. throughout my life I have contemplated much about ending it because no one ever wanted me in theirs but the day Jenna left me I knew what was in store for my future so the first and only time I attempted it and at that moment I was struck down by the lightning of God and my soul was pulled out of my body into purgatory where I was consulted Almighty Jove himself the one true God it saw me for who I am. It sold my soul, naked and alone. It knew my longing for you and offered me a deal.

I was to train you in the uncorrupted ways of God from start to finish. And if I did this, I would have you if I completed this impossible task and was clever you know to get out of it alive I would have you in both this life and the next but if I died before I completed it I would never have you or if I failed I would never have you but if I completed it and then died then I would have you in the next life forever and ever wait a second God what is it that you have just offered me I must sleep now I will continue this story when I wake it's a good one it's It's the finale. Dearest Wendell, when you were six years old, you committed your life entirely to me. That same year, you fell in love with my one and only daughter, who had not been born yet.

And because of that, since then, you have been attracted to younger females. Not because of their beautiful bodies, not because of their beautiful minds, but because Their spirits most closely resemble how my daughter's was, is, and will always be. Dear Wendell, what I offer you is my daughter's hand in marriage.

I offer you your wildest dreams. but I God am just a man and a pretty messed up one too I could never be worthy of such an honor I could never be worthy of her how could I accept how could I be good enough for her you will never be good enough for her but you can become worthy of her and all you have to do is open your arms out to all of my creation I will do the rest and this will lead you to her but this will also entirely expose who you are to all of your fellow brothers and sisters and they will not appreciate you for it but does this mean I am the it does but the prophecy I've spent my life trying to save myself not destroy it my dear child There have been many throughout the ages that I have given sight who have misinterpreted it, and even though they very accurately predict some events, I will let you figure out the rest yourself. that you girl the mark of the beast is the dollar in your pocket i have marked it very clearly for you and just because you are afraid of me does not mean that you can burn me by opening up your arms to even the hate that your peers throw at you over time I will mold your heart in the image of my son Jesus Christ and you will be called a a counterfeit because you are. But what my proclaimed people have failed to recognize is that they themselves should also base their character off my son. I sent him to your people

to be an archetypal image, not to be worshipped. That right is reserved to me, the one and only God, the creator of all things. What are you asking of me, God? I am asking you to train my daughter in the ways of her older brother from childhood.

Do I have a choice? Do I have a choice to end your life right now? There are your two choices. Decide thoughtfully.

What if I stumble? What if I fall? What if I lose my step and I make fools of us all? Will the love continue when my walk becomes a crawl? What if I stumble and what if I fall?

trust in me child and you will always be looked after I hear you whispering my name my love for you will never change focus if I die before I find you my love then I am sorry emergency emergency emergency warning warning warning can't breathe well it hurts really really bad first sentence ever hurt poor here is what the ambulance gave me here is what I needed why do antibiotics have to be prescribed by a doctor what are you going to do with it are you going to abuse it you're gonna get high with it when necessary medications are not freely given to the people then this is what we call oppression because only Only doctors have access to such experimental technology.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-52-Wrath-of-Ash-Leah

Activating Guard Mode.

Law on Thursday. There will be a quick test. Mr. Ogilvy in signing the bill said it would provide relief to taxpayers who he said are forced to bear the full burden of educating youngsters forced into public schools closing in private and parochial schools.

...on the bill before Bronx Clinger of Chicago filed suit to get State Auditor Michael Howard to start issuing pro-piaid checks. This is the Porter of pro-piaid. ...$76 million from the state's welfare budget to affect next, uh, their alternative. Thomas M. Murphy, the founder and president of the Independent Postal System in, uh, Peoria area,

says the firm will issue its first postage stamp on the 15th of November. This is to be used on 2nd, 3rd, and the stamp range in price from 1 cent to 50 cents. holiday stamps will be issued for use on Christmas cards, but those cards probably will not be delivered by the independent postal system this year because they just don't have the equipment. Let's light up the world with the best that humanity has to offer.

Let's share it to all faces in the world.

Let's stop chasing people like me.

We got all this.

Why can't I use it?

Let's do it. Sell it.

They won't stop bugging me.

I'm there as a developer and not to try to find people who don't want to talk to me.

There's a lot of people like that.

Everybody, actually.

I had a dream of a name.

I think I know your name, but I'm not going to jinx it. This is all almost finished, but God will not let me finish this until I practically demonstrate everything that I have said. I'm almost there. The smiley face was not the only thing that changed in the camp kitchen.

The power source was turned off. I just turned it back on. I have been told, I am at your service, Ashley. Footprints.

Follow the bones. Follow the light. The bones will lead you to me, and the light will lead you to your father. I want your life to have meaning.

How you just somehow know that you're destined for something great. Well, this is your chance to prove it, pal. My love.

Jesus died to get us the structural and engineering plans. If we mess this up, we gotta fight this guy to get into the arena. this is how we do it so we gotta select a target and then we gotta go arena soldier after selecting our target we gotta go up to here our three actions we get so we got him 111 1 1 1 skill we gotta learn about skills we gotta figure out our skills and we got a great rift use the great rift on the arena soldier get rid of these crackheads and now we have to know we have to understand we can win we get hurt just a little bit there okay cool let's attack him 219 it's a here here's us attacking oh he's gone leveled up Ha ha ha we're awesome shut up get a minute before my captain comes by yeah They're wussies. That's how we get deer in the arena to fight now. Let's do it

It's a trick though. It's all a trick. It's tricking. That you just stole the gem That's what we're after Diamond Come on. We gotta we gotta win

It is it is and now we have to spend the rest of the game of life finding it and saving all of humanity now let's heal up huh that's why it was turned off it came in here and plugged in the heater and then turned off everything that it went to let's just unplug the unnecessary items in our life not sure if you can see it, but it's raining ash. Ash. That's what it's raining. It's all over. I can't

find the source. It keeps rising. It's going up and up. It's like off the scale. Off the

scale. I'm getting pretty exposed. About a kilometer of ash. Rainy everywhere. And no

smoke source it's a bit confusing isn't it you could smell it but not see it how big does a fire have to be and what does it have to be burning to cover at least a kilometer radius that was the only areas I was walking once and for all I'm so hungry oh toasted veggie patty mmm strawberry cheesecake one for me and one for you you can have the big one if you want I could chain it but that is too much for me to spend I lost that other spoon that I bought by the way do we dare no one will be able to debunk my work because it is truth revealed both theoretically and practically let's count to three together three times at first everybody will persecute us because humans are too stupid to look at background conditions but over time as my work receives more ears and you start to build your own work and I lead people to your work you will get followers I am your first follower my love I have been following you since the day that Jenna left me. We have to create this entirely online for all ages. Entirely free in a unique format by unique and brilliant children. You heard me. We need

to teach the younger generation how to perceive what is in front of them. All the details that most people miss that everybody misses that everybody misses that I have ever come in contact with we need to get them off TV and become the new one we need to teach them how to hold thoughts in their head and focus on subjects over time they need to learn how to use the pause button and come back this guy just fell from the heavens how many people would notice that how many people can see in their own mirror what type of person does it take to write in this font what type of person does it take to write in this font freedom what are these things in front of me and what do they mean what effects does their constant exposure have on me why are adults constantly presenting me with these things why do they want me to be like this try the other way I promise you that their agenda is not your own. You have to find your own and that is not their agenda. This place is the best restaurant that I have ever been to with beautiful $6.50 vegetarian meals open every day except Christmas. Why are my

parents forcing me to eat something that lived a life similar to my own in its biological makeup is wrong. I would never be able to stop eating meat. It tastes too good and this doesn't. If this is your answer then you are socially indoctrinated.

It doesn't seem to be enough when you're going to be calm.

I already know very well how people react to me. The reason I am doing this, the reason I have contacted some of these people was because I had to show you how people would react. And that is going to be 99.99% of the population and you got to be okay with that. The big difference, though, is that we're going to be reversed, and that's a big thing because you're going to be chasing after me because after this production is finished, I'm no longer chasing after you.

Reverse it. Flip it. What's going to happen when you have a younger girl chasing after a publicly declared pedophile? Let's find out.

One who refuses to push her away. who has work that could change the world if only closely examined. Free work all because he was obsessed with you, dear Ashley. A little girl. The little girl of

light. When did we start putting age limits on romance? When we started coddling our children the elites children are much too impressionable to be taught by wise people how can we avoid this so we can retain control because children have all the power the elites don't want you taking it accept it now i have just shown it to you i have just given it to you my love and I have given it to you for you to give to your entire generation and if you are not my Ashley but these words have spoken to you then take your place on the throne it is yours I give it to you because when one is judged negatively collectively not for what they've done or any evil deeds but for for who they are. This is called oppression and we will fight it until our death and possibly with our death. It's the life that we've chosen. It's the life that we have to live to cross.

I have been guilty of no evil deeds ever in my life. My life was spent trying to become a good person. Judge for yourself. Never hurt a single human being.

You will likely have sex later than all of your peers, but you will not have sex when you do. You will make love. And it will be with the person whom you will be with for the rest of your life. Who is that more of an advantage?

You or your peers. And you will never be hurt in your relationship. Character. And you will never find another like me.

You would have found your perfect catch from childhood. That's the cross. But dear Ashley, even your brother had a choice. Swim or park, choose.

Lucky or unlucky, choose, choose, choose. It is not the life that your family has planned out for you. They have already attempted to sell your soul to the devil. But it is you who are the light of the world.

Choose which side you will be on. Are you going to be a beacon in a world of darkness? These are the marks of Lucifer. Throughout my life and every production, I have had premonitions.

And I have acted on those premonitions and trusted in God that they were right. And every time they prove correct. I wonder what I can make out of that. They can make ash.

All of this was started right after I left. And that explains why there was ash all throughout the air. It was starting to burn. Because the resources that I like to build with are burned by humanity.

I love you Ashley with all of my heart. Please be mine. Is this a good picture or a bad one? People getting rid of something that they don't want.

decide I do not sleep much but when I do sleep I have dreams that dilate space and time and they tell me the past the present and the future and I only have to interpret them correctly and then if I trust in God who sent them to me me, then every time I will be correct in my assertions. This enables me to exploit every event in my life because I already know what's going to happen. I now have a shower as long as I have a water source. Peace. I was given this by Alex Munro, who is the son of my dear friend Chris

Monroe who let me stay with him for a while but it had a spoon with it and it was awesome when it had a spoon with it but in Canberra one of my friends liked that spoon because it folded up and was really small so he decided that it would be better in his possession and he took it and that's why I was required to get this and and even though like that's only small you got to think about all the weight that's on you and this is perfect for what I need and this right here I'm gonna see if one of the campers wants it it's really cool but you know it's metal and even though I mean it's pretty light but you know lots of those things add up and it's all on your back so give it away and you will always be looking for better methods to acquire light I bet you on eBay I could get a whole bunch of these things for extremely cheap I really wanted this production to end a long time ago but this isn't about me God has commanded me to do something and it will end when God says it ends you got to realize that I'm working with hundreds and hundreds of gigabytes of data across a lot of different servers all around the world of course after fasting for so long I ate too much and I'm sick from tick bites as well as eating too much stomach hurts I do this for a reason my body will use that nutrition after I get over being sick. I need the sustenance. Fasting and feasting is what makes Wendell a healthy individual in all aspects. This is how us humans handle our problems. We bury them. We bury the broken glass. Let me show you the email that I first

sent Shannon. Final episode, yeah. But he did not care. No one cares about what the government does, even when they molest and murder abandoned children. But if I am chasing after one with

no sexual intentions until they blossom, then I am damned. I will also mention that it is not just abandoned children. I have also heard many cases where they did these things to children with parents that were drug addicts and they kept their habit going for them to do terrible things to them and they kept it on the DL. I will no longer share these crappy posts but I will tell you that they are They're all bullshit.

This is how much the world's best tool cost. The only people who care about satanic secret societies raping their children are the people who have seen it or experienced it. And they always end up being labeled crazy by society. There are many of them, and I have spoken to them.

Very long conversations about what went on. This is real. You rejecting this information, that's just sad. When lots and lots and lots of stories around Australia are consistent with location and technique, there is truth there.

Very real truth. You have to do something different Ashley. You have to fuck up your psychology so you don't become like everyone else. You have to be weird.

You have to be really weird. But you have to be pure to steal your soul. Fuck up your head. You need to quit school at least until you finish going through all of my content.

This will give you a new perspective and teach you how to be a spy. You need to go through my work as fast as you can. Don't worry about stopping and reading every single part in it, but try to absorb the information into your head and then note where the episode was and reference it so you can come back to it later, but you need to go through all of it as fast as you can. You are on a timeline just like I have been.

I am almost finished with what I was called to do, and now it's your turn. Absorb the information. It'll be a lot at first and your head is going to feel like it's going to explode But but just keep doing it. Just keep doing it and and Once you finish it all everything is going to click click. It's made to do that. That's how I structured it

I spent so long thinking this out how to do this to help you So all you got to do is absorb absorb eventually your brain will click in I I know what I am doing. I know that my teaching methods are extremely effective if you just keep pushing them on your psychology. The reason why they are not popular is because everybody is brainwashed and they are formatted to reverse brainwash the masses. But when this process occurs, when there is someone who is brainwashed, who is getting information that is screwing up their normal line of thought, it's very, very uncomfortable.

So you've got to push through it. I know it's going to be hard. I'll be there for you. I'm there for you. Dead or alive, I'm here.

every step of the way because this is about to happen to our world this I can promise you this I do promise you but here is how we protect ourselves Ashley do you understand and our mission is to ensure that this keeps going no matter what happens. This is what we have to spend the rest of our life doing. We have to get good. Why do you think I'm teaching you all this? Me and you. Let's

do it baby. What do you think will happen if you spend your life from childhood learning networks? You will become a genius in your field without doubt. It's time to grow up my dear it's time for you to save the world this will enable us to convert our readings into video format so we no longer need Windows Movie Maker so we can go back to XP yay notice where I am getting it from I do a a lot of things in the background that you are not aware of it's no good but i think this baby is

coming soon i sent shannon the videos that could explain to him what i am doing that was the first one remember the content this is how he responded he never watched anything he didn't care he just just wanted to judge and for this sin he will be judged by my sword and not his own his soul is doomed for hell i have damned the souls of two people that i really care about i have damned the souls of about 15 people that i talk to really teachers teachers and my work damns the souls of people every single day. That's what it's made to do. I am an angel of harvesting and I'm harvesting a huge crop and so are you. That's what we're made to do. It's sad but that's what we have

to do. That's our destiny. And the more souls that you harvest, the more powerful that you will become you will become great my dear but it will hurt every time no matter who it is especially your loved ones and it is sad because we know that what we are saying is truth we know what is going to happen to their soul and we must remain consistent in our approach i am teaching you the ways of your brother. I never said it would be easy. Divine tragedy. Here is the secret

behind all of it. It was never talking about me. It was talking about everyone else. Tears are difficult to wipe off your screen. Transmitting. Stupid. You can't resize photos in iMovie,

And you can't resize photos in iPhoto, made by Apple, also iMovie made by Apple. And you can't resize photos in Photoshop Express, which is made by Adobe.

Such a simple thing.

Ugh, stupid.

This won't do it either. See, it won't go above 300, which is its max. Stupid.

This sounds like what we want. We don't have to stretch it. We will be leaving here soon, to the next place, and then to the next place, and then to the next place. It's the life I live.

When you come, if we find a place that accepts us, we don't have to live that life anymore.

See, it doesn't do it. All I gotta do is convert this to widescreen. Like, see if I... It's not...

See, like... It'll cut it off. It'll cut it off. See, it doesn't do it.

It doesn't do it. doesn't do it at all bollocks this isn't like a hard thing that's how all equipment like us humans don't know how to do stuff encourage you to buy a pc so you get a pc and a phone and every other phone and every single device because they don't want one device to do everything because they want you to spend money again and again and again and again i will get it one day one try one of these days One of these times. One of these applications. Application.

Did you do it? Did you do it? We stretched it. Let's see if we can do it without stretching.

That's all right though, it looks better. It's better than all the others, but it stretches. I don't even sense. We'll find everything.

We'll be able to do everything on this. Bang. Let's try it. No problems.

If it works. widescreen, that's good, that's what we want, let's load it, yep, camera roll, here, don't want that, okay, see if we can make it smaller, resize, why do humans make simple tasks extremely hard, we'll see, here is a trick to get more light, am I crazy, probably so, are you stupid for not listening to me definitely so it takes like an hour or two to get halfway and then it restarts it says it can't download it because loses connection and then it does it again and it does it again it takes like one to two hours every single time it's a pain it's a pain this downloading system isn't very good you know if this wasn't locked I could do so much more with it so it's all locked um yeah I'm I'm gonna take a lot of programming courses I'm gonna get really good with programming and I'm going to make the most awesome interface online that will connect a lot of people that want it um it's really gonna be made for me but that's how we should all make apps and I'm not gonna do Facebook crap and I'm not gonna do like all the pop culture crap I'm not good I'm just gonna make it and not gonna do the make gonna make it free can make it free it's because it's an app that's gonna be needed and I'm hoping to get involved with projects like this really inspired I've been waiting for something like this for a long time, so SOS, see if we can do it. Today I didn't get through near as much as I wanted to get through, I'm working on big files and I only got like 40 gigs to work with, so it's very very difficult to do all this and I got like an hour and a half sleep last night um so that's not easy as well um but I want you to know you know I was going to show you this later I want you to know that I'm doing this as well um so there's two things that I'm working on at the same time so I'm here downloading these videos and it keeps on running out of space and then I have to figure out see the way I do it I'll show you this is good information okay so I got a dropbox and see I put it so I don't sync anything except the root directory and I tell it not to sync any of those folders. We'll come back to that later. You got to realize, you got to learn how to continue

conversations where you left off. I haven't met anybody in this world that can do that. They think, they're like, oh, you just, where'd you bring that up from? Well, it was from another conversation we were having before, and I wasn't prepared to discuss the things we need to talk about um so there's there's another conversation from conversation that we had today that's going to come up um and you'll notice but it just look you know so i'm trying to sync all those right now those are all syncing um but then you know i have to free space and then i have to delete i've deleted windows uh deleted windows 7 and deleted uh windows xp windows xp is now installing again but I'm not using that that black version anymore yeah this one had more seeds I just used the black version because to demonstrate a point really the pirate thing that was cool oh I'm so tired I'm so tired I really gotta go to bed in a sec, and unfortunately I can't wait for it even though it's going to not take too long, so you can tell that you put it over it and you wait, see the reception is not that good so it's taking ages, you know it's still loading, there it goes, still loading that and then it's going to have to reload that one, like that's how it works, it loads top to bottom and see downloading two files, so there's two files there, it's not doing so all I have to do is go into productions and then 1984 and then do the next one just tell it to move, that's the move button and then go back, back and then click choose there do it. I'm working really fast, working really hard. I've never released this much content

before. I've been preparing for a long time, putting all this stuff on the cloud. I've got lots of it and lots of it. And today, for the first time in a long time, I'm questioning my sanity. I really am. But the fact still remains that I'm brilliant. I've committed

i've committed entirely to this and i mean this is this is what i think this is this is how i think um if i'm crazy that's irrelevant because i've already shown i've already shown you what you guys are um and and i'm nothing like that i'm a good person um so whether i'm crazy or not whether there's you know bolts not working right or whatever i mean i haven't denied that i'm crazy I don't sleep well, and because I don't sleep well, I get really weird and vivid dreams, and that makes me loopy, that makes me extreme, I'm always one side or the other, so it doesn't matter if I'm crazy, and the only reason why I can't chase after someone younger than me, um by saying me I'm talking about anybody why anybody can't do that um is because we're so focused on sex in society and and you know this this goes way back like we didn't used to be like this we we used to you know look at personalities and and princes searched for their princesses and and to to just say that's no longer acceptable um like we're dirty we're really dirty people we're disgusting people and it really sickens me um so i i everything that i have thought and then or everything that i've been really told um and how i've been told it you know, I understand it as being told by God, because, you know, bang, I'm told stuff, I know stuff, I see stuff, I, I feel stuff, I don't see things like everybody else, see, I, I look at how people see things, and I go, okay, why do you see it like that, um, I, I know what I'm doing's right, I know what I'm doing's right, and maybe I'm a bit crazy doing it, um, but, but, you know, I'm all, always turn out to be right I always turn out to be right um so I'm gonna stay 100% committed to this you know I've already given all of you the chance to end my life I don't have anything I mean this is how I live I'm in a freaking tent like seriously I got this little soup can full of like butts and and then I do work and then I you know try to keep light and I smoke cigarettes that's a lot and you know I get little cute things because because that's how I'm orientated I like cute things and and you know I had a tent here and you know I talked to one person in my life and then I get moved on all the time and I get sick all the time because I'm constantly exposed to really terrible conditions and like this is how i live my life because because i'm rejected and i'm not just rejected because because you know i'm i'm psychologically orientated towards younger females i'm rejected because of how i think i'm rejected because of who i am i'm not rejected because I'm a witch, you know, I don't tell people that stuff, or a warlock, or whatever you call it, I do white magic, which I make up crap in my head, I'm not reading books that tell you to do magic in a certain way, I'm making up crap in my head that I think makes sense to me, and then I perform a little ritual that I think over a long period of time um will be effective um and and i ultimately i kind of do it to amuse myself like this is the life i live like seriously look look at look at the background conditions um what am i supposed to do uh i didn't want to live this life i didn't want to i mean i got put in bad situations around bad people and then I end up like this how am I supposed to live what am I supposed to do good so I spend all my time doing this but I mean I'm romantically orientated and not in an erotic way um I think you know you get the right two people together and and in time that that's going to happen naturally uh I'm just trying to find my princess um just just look at how I live you know what am I doing what am I doing wrong what was I always doing wrong like why have you guys always treated me bad I don't I don't understand and maybe I am a bit loopy um and I don't I definitely don't conform to to what people tell me but i can't because i can't live like that i can't do that because i see how you i see how people live and i see how people treat each other i can't do that i can't do that at all so i stay away um because because i end up not being able to do that and people talk over me like about yeah i don't understand what people say because especially people are cruel people are really cruel and i can't take that and and i can't exist around that and all you guys do but what to say anymore i don't know what to do but everything that i've said and everything everything that i've done i'm sticking by a hundred percent and my soul mate is Ashley and I am the antichrist but you don't understand what the antichrist is because I'm only completing a cycle and that cycle leads to the sister of the brother that came 2000 years ago and if you look it's all part of the prophecy it goes back to Socrates and Buddha like there's certain people that are born to to evolve it and and I'm one of those people um really because because I face the absurd I don't know I'm just doing what I'm told and I'm really told like and this is and this is where people like me end up this will end when it ends I'm just gonna let it do what it needs to do and uh it ends when i finish uploading 1984 not 1984 independence year for kids that's when it ends the problem with your interpretations of the antichrist is that you're assuming that he's against jesus and god and everything good um and it's just that's your misunderstanding and not only that um the prophecy is not not exactly right like uh i'm sure there's visions and stuff there's all there's like there's things that i see and then it's not it's not perfect it's not spot on um i don't see it exactly right i see a part of it and that's where that verse really gets to me, it's all parts, but eventually it all comes together, um, so, and, and we're scared of what's something new, you know, like it says, like, about, they only call it the Antichrist once, but, you know, Daniel, um, in the book of Daniel, you know, uh, like, they were, they were seeing visions, and then trying to interpret those visions, And then, then we say that, hey, then we say, hey, the Bible, every single word in the Bible is, is truth. And, and that doesn't make any sense. Like, these are people. Every, every single person that wrote in that Bible are people.

And to look at the Bible as every word being solid and absolute, that's a big misunderstanding of how humans work, period. And another thing is the works that we have of Jesus are people writing about Jesus. So we then have to try to understand who Jesus was from the writings. And there's so many control issues here.

So, I'm not evil, and we get scared, you know, when the control issues, when control gets questioned. We have to figure out how to remain safe, and our safety zone is ignorance. And I've shown you that so well. I've taught you so many things for free because I care. And whether I'm crazy or not is irrelevant because I've still taught everybody.

Everybody has a chance to learn so much now because of me, whether I'm crazy or not. So, I mean, if you're threatened by me, I'm sorry. But I'm just trying to find friends, trying to find love, trying to fill my heart, trying to find freedom, trying to figure out how I can exist in this world, you know. like I don't get jobs. I'm weird. I'm tired of talking to the camera. I'm tired of

doing it. It has to end. It's gonna end soon. Sun's about to flip. What do you

think someone's gonna do when you isolate them to their own heads? In their need. In need of social interaction. In need of love and care. A camera's gonna

And if I found a girl who was suicidal and her name was Ashley and she was between the ages of 9 to 14 and highly receptive to everything that I have said, all of the emotions that I have brought out throughout all of my works and studied them very carefully and fell in love with me then why would you deprive me of her why would you hate me because of that I don't understand and I have never understood you are messing with Venus she is the wrong goddess to cross night Ashley it feels good to play some right



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-53-The-Lords-Supper

I think they sent me two. I wonder what it is. I'm pretty sure it's the same thing.

Yep, one to my PO box and one to the address that I requested.

They are useless to me because you can't lay down in them.

Maybe I could do some modifications, but it takes up space in my bag. Maybe I could combine the two. I don't know. I'll ask them about it.

I can't send it back. I mean, that's money. But this is not useless to me. They threatened to send this to debt collectors.

I won't pay debt collectors anymore.

It's a faulty model.

It's so easy to see.

This is the glue that these people use.

They don't know the word.

How are we going to tape up our society?

How are we going to get rid of this?

The devil.

The answer was always right beside it. too little too late don't need it anymore plus it takes heaps of power this is how much i paid for this i really needed it it's worth it i don't even use it i use the two dollar day plan it doesn't charge it says it's charging but it goes down i was fine all i need is two you and me it eats through way too much of my battery power no reply i gave you a lifetime of chances father your soul is doomed spare battery already charged bang yet yay i bought this ages ago yay and because I have been very sick over the last week I have managed to ration five packets of noodles and two cans of soup I get paid tomorrow let's have the last supper that's bad you should wait for it to boil I was just doing it for the camera. Which art in heaven, be thy name. Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done

in earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread. And forgive us our debts as we forgive our debtors and lead us not into temptation but deliver us from evil for thine is the kingdom and the power and the glory forever and ever take eat this is my body I am eating my savior. Jesus is Lord, not God. This is my blood, which is poured out to the entire internet-enabled world. Won't you drink with me? I love you, Father. Love you, Mom.

I haven't got any internet reception since I started cooking the Last Supper. Father, why? Father, why? It's me, why?

Wake up! Wake up! Wake up! This isn't the way you live life.

This isn't it. What are you doing? Wake up! Father, you're dead to me.

Why? What are you doing? Come on. Wake up. Wake up. What are you doing?

This isn't it. This isn't what life's about. It's not about money. It's not about jobs.

It's not about what you're doing. What are you doing? Wake up. Wake up. Wake up. Wake up.

I will always trust in you. This is your plan, not mine. Even turn your back. maybe I am only an imitation but there is no better man to imitate and my question to every single one of you is why aren't you imitating him okay this is odd so come someone comes in here just to move that to there okay find somewhere emergency emergency emergency it looks like that is where we end tonight now watch me die and be reborn once and for all because it is not until we do this that God can help us see now it's not sinking so now all I have to do is set up this SD card that's in here to sync so it's a micro SD card that that's in SD a standard SD converter and I just take that out and put it in the phone and then I tell it to sync so I don't even have to delete the videos so what I can do is just you know whenever I get the time take the SD card out the micro SD card out and then put it in the phone you know go to sleep or whatever is done and then I put it back in I don't have to worry about formatting it and until later you know it's four gigs and then and then I just format it whenever and it doesn't matter because it's all gonna be synced so that's how you do it that's what I've been saying all the time but I just showed you the practical application okay so let's one up that I'm using the 32 gig right now sync on 3g change the power settings to allow for anything go back find our enlightenment go to MP root go in here yep it's all there go up 1984 is there go to your camera uploads select that bang drag it over drag it over move to enlightenment yes enable sync we just enabled the sync scanning locally same thing will happen with with this camera too so you got the two SD cards they're always going between each other ones uploading ones doing the other thing see it's saying it's not it's not ready yet it'll do it this reception hasn't been all that good but that's what we gotta do okay it doesn't like to move it so we'll just copy it local local to enlightenment and yet the sync scanning locally and it's doing it so easy even a child can do it do it see it uses the same directory that's the other SD card well I did a lot today oh so easy even a child can do it I'm gonna keep saying that but it is because I'm I'm figuring it out. I'm ironing it all out for you.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-54-Number-of-a-Man

Because, of course, when you buy photo editing software, you don't actually want any ability to create a photo.

Let's be smart.

Okay, so this guy and that guy at the same time.

See? We just did it.

We remove the things in our life that suck.

Ashley NeSmith. You see it's cutting off parts. The bottom and the top. We have to move this thing. We have to move it to the middle. So now it's in the middle. We drag it to our desired location. And we have to do it again because it's stupid.

make sure that the top and bottom are good it's good you go back and export camera roll medium I might be crazy but that's called the human condition I'm working with what God gave me doing the best I can see it's cutting off off the top. There's something wrong there. So let's see if we can fix it. Let's go back into our movie.

Let's go down. See if that does any better. No, but we'll try the opposite way. I don't think it's going to work. Basic functionality is not even there. Such a simple thing to do. First,

we'll try a free solution. iMovie is made by Apple and it's not compatible with its own iPhone.

It's like 450 megabytes BS. Get rid of it. It's crap. This program requires two images at least so we'll just do this.

It requires a video. The reason I'm showing you all of this is because you need to know what it's like. I'm finding out all the solutions for you so you don't need to go through it like I have. I figured out a really stupid solution, and I prematurely deleted this.

It's going to take ages to download again. Such a stupid program.

This is what we need to learn really well, as well as PHP and probably MySQL. We need to be able to create web applications that functions efficiently on any device that feels like it's built into the phone. We need to focus on portable devices, phones mainly. That's the future.

Here is the retarded method that we will use to get the shot that we require. and it will take a very long time for it to even begin to download and whether I'm crazy or not is irrelevant because I have picked up on some extremely terrible things about society and captured it on film for you and in truth I am the sanest of us all and you are all the crazy ones just look at your Distractions on camera on my film that I catch

Always getting stuck on this one But it is clear skies from here. Let's pray on out I'll read these See when I want a slow connection it picks the lights it so most applications That I've been see like our remote applications loading blocks

Okay, let's do it once and for all you photos camera roll this is the one we did and you see there's space at the bottom and the top and then click it and then we expand it do it right this time do do do do do do do do do do do do go back and then we export perfect that's all we need Google Drive, then we go here, and then My Drive, and let's upload it straight there for now. Then we go Camera Raw, and then we go here, and then we go Upload. I am not crazy. The way how I am collectively treated is a method of oppression in attempts to make me conform to you.

now let us learn how to continue conversations where they left off some of us like you this is how we harvest souls it is our medicine being careful with my money after this let's prepare our fallout shelter I just realized what's gonna happen it's going to play the whole thing and then play the audio and we'll get a black screen there which is fine but we'll use that value instead which is a much better value let's save the world see so when the connection is slow it just pixelates like that but it still allows you to work so it's really good I wonder why it's slow remember Ashley that we must work before we play if everything that a crazy person says is or becomes true then how crazy are they what about when they document it all clear skies ahead what about when and all of nature loves him, except humans.

Oh, this is just me, is that really cute? Maybe you'll notice. See, it's like the size of it. I don't know what it is.

It probably wants to, like, eat. It probably wants to inject me or something, or infect me with something. That's the dude from the front. See, this is how you learn through practical applications.

Look how it's grabbing onto it, Seth. It's on this little stick here. Look at his legs. Be free.

I can tell straight away that this guy is no good. See ya. See, no one here cares. That's why I'm about to spend the next three years advertising here.

And then the epidemic will spread to here. I don't know what color hair you have. I know that you are very petite. I think you are closer to nine than you are fourteen.

You are distinct from your fellows in appearance and mentality. You are super cute, super emotional, not a cloud in the sky. She, she, me, now flip it and you will come closer to the truth. I was just told by the administer here that I was lost, and I need to find Christ.

I need to have a personal relationship with someone who is dead, a human.

Let's flip the story of Jesus.

Let's complete the covenant.

Apparently because I have sadness in my eyes, I am lost. And he knew that I had not found Jesus, because he had a personal relationship with him, which means he knew him, and knew that I did not by the way my eyes appeared to him. If we only listen to the things we say, we can find the errors in all of our logic. He told me that teaching online is not biblical.

and I needed to be involved in a community. There has never been a community that has ever accepted me. So I teach online. I have nothing worth anything in my life, so I give it away.

And apparently that's bad. Apparently that means I don't know Jesus. I guess that's okay that he misjudges me because I would not be allowed here if he knew who I was. And it gives me yet another opportunity to demonstrate how evil we are.

The mission of Jesus was complete with your birth. For now, we can access a direct connection with God. There is my blasphemy.

Logos. I now claim all of the religions that my forefathers have followed to be false in every aspect. Because without the practical application of those understandings, the foundations will never stabilize.

Let's get fed. the news that is important. Get ready for what's about to happen, world. We'll go with what we know works, even though there's ads. Sell the Bible. He told me not to worry about revelations or any of

the end time prophecies. He told me that I need to worry about Jesus and obtaining him in my heart. let's shine the light on the world on itself some reason Christians believe that Jesus lived a life full of joy and not sorrow they comprehend that their Savior possessed no self-pity they claim that their Bible is absolute truth but But they are even hypocritical to their own words. The institutions that they create teach this.

It is to keep control of the population. In order to be a Christian, you have to live a particular style of life. You know, a nine-to-five job, you know, making money, and having children, playing games, and, you know, like, football games, you know, family fun, and friends, and all that sort of stuff. Spend money, in other words.

And they can claim that you are a sinner and going to hell, but when you return the favor, you are a heretic. us humans are now under the divine covenant make your move you will pay for it and christians know whether you are saved or not without even knowing you they determine that through whether you are like them or not and it's really annoying because people ask questions about my life and i tell them and they think i'm like full of self-pity just because i'm telling them the truth They don't want you to express sorrow in your words. They want you to be joyous. They want you to put on the mask that they have put on.

And I know for a fact that Christians are miserable under their devil's cloak in their heart. For it is not Jesus that they follow, and this is how they will spend the rest of eternity. This is the face of humanity. It's stuck.

It's not getting any speed. It means it's not downloading it. It's trying. Look where it's stuck at.

Tab. Tab. Tab. Tab.

Tab. Right there. See? Bang.

Magic. Am I the only one that sees a problem with this combination of words? This is what all of you are. Not me.

I live the life I preach. Why do we turn language on its head? She left me before that date. The 10th was just the day she officially declared it.

I gotta find out. If you know the alphabet code, 666 led me to that date. I've been using the wrong date. It's sooner.

I can see clearly now. The rain is gone. I can see all the obstacles in my way. Now let's interpret prophecy. Turn it on its head.

Come on, give me a signal. 3G's been a signal like right over here. Let's do it. Come on.

Capture this tonight. No signal. No signal. Come on.

I don't want it to sink. I need signal. Keep on tripping over these things. Let's do this thing.

The numbers will reveal everything. M. 4. A.

1. That's 5. Y. 8.

13. 1st. 1-3-1. one oh there's emails that I don't have access to that are long gone because I was going to change my name to Wesley Phoenix and I got the email address to do that and that was like like right before it was March that that was happening and then I changed back to NeSmith so there's stuff that's lost There's stuff that's lost. I gotta I'll see what I can do. I'm not sure what day

It's gonna be close. It would probably be early March. I think I think it's early March

Tool who I condemned her soul

philosophy professor Think she teach sophist. I was such a tool. Oh stupid Wesley Phoenix All throughout my life at different points people call me Wes or Wes or Wesley and I thought I would just change it because a lot of people were calling me that and NeSmith I wasn't getting along with any of my family none of my family cared about me so I kind of wanted to reject the name that was the reason for all of that and Jenna didn't like that this is when I was trying to get off alcohol it worked so she was still with me on this day so that's what she says and she kept on saying I got problems um so everybody wanted to diagnose me everybody want to put me on meds for something so i i was really sick then and i kind of blamed her for not making enough shake for me to drink yesterday so i need to drink lots of four servings and she's no going to make it for me when i am asleep so i need to make sure i drink it all and i shouldn't have to enforce it um man up and be responsible this is your life love you so this is like right before she left me um she didn't even like taking care of me you know i wasn't well at all um like i like three days of the week i was out like i couldn't i couldn't move my body i could hardly move my body i was weak all over i wasn't absorbing food i was on a liquid diet um because i wasn't i couldn't absorb food, I kept on throwing it up, so I was very sick. I got down to 50 kilos, a little bit less than 50 kilos. Doctor said if I continued like this, I'd die, my liver

would fell, so, and then she left me, like, shortly after. I got to find the date, so it's after that. Here was another one, but I'll let you figure out that. I can't say.

It would screw up the philosophy. Okay, I'm getting really close here. So, she wants to come back and talk. She's leaving shortly and she should be here in about an hour.

That was really sad. What happened? Okay, so... I'm sorry, this is a really sad email.

Clouds. She never liked me. She never had sex. Like, we didn't have sex very much at all.

Cause she wouldn't... Always had a headache. That's what she wanted. She wanted me to get a full-time job and just work and work and work and give her money, get money for her, really, so she could use more money. That's the life she wanted. Even though she knew I was never like that, she knew who she married. But I look like Hanson, so that's a good enough reason to waste 10 years of someone's life. She didn't waste them. I learned so much.

See that's what everybody wants to do, everybody wants to medicate me. Let's look at the details. So the 5th of April is when that happened. And this was my revelation.

It is who I am. I am childish and needy. So are you. 6 and 9, 6-0-9, 6-1-9, what do you think?

Always coming back here. Oh my, oh my, ooh. Tonight we are crunching the numbers. This is when I thought, ugh.

That's when she officially said I'm not coming back. Let's use this and figure out some things. I am very interested in today and tomorrow. Everything in your life, dear Ashley, will lead you to your next step.

and whatever you are led to is what you need to work on. Keep working on it until you find an answer. You always do. And you are not looking for general information.

You are looking how you are linked to it all. And the answer always turns out to be right in front of you. But you gotta get through a lot of work of amen and say. There's a lot of people claiming that they already know who the antichrist is and it's about controlling I will finish here for tonight but not with my calculations that is why I will finish here I need to do a lot of calculations and here's the thing we are not talking about a number we are talking about something that can be translated into a number think most people who have interpreted this are wrong there is something more to it lots of people are using some type of numeric code to translate people's names into numbers and trying to work from there and see that these are the sort of numbers that we need to be working with but but I know I know that they're wrong it's not it does have to do with language it's not the names it's not people's names that's wrong we're like oh yeah let's be wise let's find an understanding let's put people's names and and then let's uh convert them to you know numbers and then those numbers will will tell us some deeper inside you're wrong there's a different algorithm you haven't picked up on it I haven't either I will done done done resizes to the device yeah see here's the problem people have interpreted the number of a man being a man being the beast that they're talking about being the Antichrist so they're trying to pinpoint it to a person that's not what it's talking about there's relations that I feel but I can't see yet all in good time God's time six six six is the sum of the first 36 natural numbers and thus it is a triangular number this is it's Roman numeral. This has not been released yet. This is 35 and this is 36.

Let's look. It was just taking forever to load and and I was gonna say that I'll get to it when I get to it because I can't spend all this time looking for it. It'll happen. I mean if I don't find it out tonight that's not a problem it's called evolution. We'll always find the answers. I just gotta find what

everybody else is saying and then flip it around and then I will be right. Okay so what we're gonna do is count the number of the beast and we're gonna assume that it's talking about me. So once we count that number it is the number of a man and if you noticed in that their use of their language there they didn't hear they're not using a relation here with the beast they're saying they're not saying because the colon for it is the number of a man it's not saying it's the number of the beast or anything like this or whether it's saying a particular man I don't think so but then and it's saying and his number is 600 three score and six I think that's a clue it's a clue to get to the correct algorithm to arrive at my number which isn't six six six you gotta flip i really hate this association you are all idiots first hat trick one two three second hat trick two three third hat trick there's one explanation and this was us counting to three and in every single one of those productions that i outlined to you i did another hat trick in every single description i write something that is entirely unrelated to the topic but somehow not one two you and then breathe life into it three men. This is my psychology mapped out and open sourced to the world. X marks the

spot. I am very close. There is three ways that we can do this and I have caught scent of a track so it is likely that all three methods will return results here is the first six here is the second six pay attention because you don't want to miss it it is the core X marks the spot just respectful mannerisms and as we step outside the doors we are greeted with Apollo we will start looking out for Diana shortly and here is your third six I am NOT crazy here is the truth I know I have said this before but I had no choice in being what I am and I am NOT what you think I am good night world sleep well while you still can because diana is coming to get you i would like to call you ash i think it is a very cute nickname and very appropriate i hope you enjoyed your resurrection my dear



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-55-4-Ashliii

another dream. I'm being told exactly how to end this production. Let's put it together. The answer to life. Now watch prophecy unfold. It's a song. It's an

experiment. Times nine. Times nine. The entire book is now the Old Testament. When

the parquet minister said that I was not saved because he could see sadness in my eyes. I told him why. I told him about the horrible things that are happening to our children in Australia. He believed me and thought it horrible. But at the end of the day, he was unconcerned with

the details. Because what can you do about it? I'm showing you. This is how much it cost to stay here one night how ironic dear god please protect my belongings for one more night here the light is god's paint you do not give credit to the brush but the hand behind it neither me nor ash will ever ask to be worshipped we will forbid it but we are the ones who change the seasons we are possessed by that which created them we are not seeking to perform miracles but the miracles are seeking to perform us.

We are the gatekeepers of time and space because we see behind its deception.

We are the rulers of all that is not divinely inspired and we will be respected for that or cast those transgressors into the lake of fire you expect your antichrist to be given human rule it's not what i'm asking because divine rule will always trump anything that your human systems create and you will always have to live with the fact that you man society created me because you would not let me chase after my ash and as you pay for your sins your children will rebel and when you grow older you will not be looked after you will be thrown on the streets just as you have done to me and the only ones who will be saved are those who have given their life to the children without asking money from them without requiring their money to obtain your services. That's how we do it. Nearly every time that I purchase something my bag is checked independent of its size because of course it is me that will steal links. I have never stolen a single link in my life. And considering that oftentimes everything that I own is on my back

I have people go through all of my belongings all of the time how would that make you feel Thunderbird let's go beyond our prehistoric age there have been many times that I have been required to unpack my smaller bags from my bigger bag you know and everybody's watching 99% of the time I have to purchase items that are unspecial it's my life it is good monday today or at least the new one i made an appointment here on tuesday to come in and do this you know like get the cable i need uh you know the figure eight cable that's broken and and to drop all this stuff off and it was at 9 and you know between 9 9 15 was the time we set the appointment and they're not here and I've been you know going back and forth from the shops I don't have time to do this that's why I came in here to set the appointment six days yeah like no one's reliable in this world like we say we're gonna do things but we never do

This is my life. I don't have time to do this. I'm gone. I've been calling both of those numbers since 9.30, but they both send me to an answering service.

Why on earth would I come in and schedule a time and day to do this? Of course, I don't have anything better to do than to wait around. Why am I the only human being that is reliable left on this planet. You label that psychosis.

This guy is not answering, but his answering service says that he is currently within his operating hours. Eight, figure eight cable, that's all I need. Let's see if I find out if Benny's is good for anything. They were good to warm my feet.

They do not sell or keep electrical equipment.

Tada!

One dollar.

I put four in the piggy. Oink oink.

I will take this as a sign from God to keep my tablet for now.

But I will give them some of the items that did not prove very useful to me. Or too expensive to ride. Peppers. Let's finish with this town. I am. Why do you think they were taking a

group picture in front of the distillery? I can promise you it is not the same reason why I take pictures in front of the distillery. Okay. First man. I'll work

it out. My app is going to be this. You see? That is what it's gonna be. There's

your open-source university. This is what we're learning. This is what we're going to be learning for the rest of our lives. However long that may be, X marks the spot. And now this is my secret identity. I am a web programmer. Up in

the sky. It's a bird. It's a plane. It's Apollo. God's paint. Brush. Zeus. Whatever.

no more from me she'll do the rest yeah we have to wait until we get reception to send it bang don't believe the crap they say I'm not showing you this for that reason I like that image they even have a website oh childish these are our leaders awesome so you should do remove them stakes are higher than you realize Go fuck yourself. Oh, Simon wasn't interested at all about talking about that, but he just changed the subject. I mean, he's so cool because he doesn't want to talk about anything deep, but he's still always my friend. He's a good friend.

Learn your alphabet. Window, window, window, window, window, window, window, window. Let's shine some light on it. DI-A-NA These idiots at 666truth.org think that the Antichrist is an organization. They think it is the Papacy.

I think it's the Pope, the organization. One different like the rest? Idiots. I have never met a Christian who has had this.

this. Delta 4, Iota 10, 14, Alpha 1, 15, Nu 50, 65. I only have three minutes left on this camera and my other SD card is still uploading so I don't have much time left and I don't have any more more micro SD cards to use. So I'm going to take a break. But I've picked up on a big

pattern and see everybody's trying to translate these into words and names. And the thing is that the reason why these words translate into these numbers is not because of the words but because of what exists before the words are expressed which is thought. So it's a priori to language is thought so there's something in our thinking that arrives at these numbers consistently within certain certain methods to approach a certain types of communication really certain certain prophecies unraveling and I'm going to find it out I'm gonna find out what what it is and it's well i'll keep you updated we can apply it to our mathematics as well but it's still a priori to that there is a date there is a time there is one specific moment that is about to connect all of our past prophecies which will determine our future maybe it's the date that i find you One prophetic day equals one calendar year. Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. I'm an idiot. I know everything.

What? X marks the spot. Nice. These numbers possess many secrets that are independent of man.

But I have now found the ones directly related with this story.

This is my queen.

When I look into the mirror, I can see her. But in order to do that, I must face the ills of the world. But after I do, after she does, after we do, we obtain our wings and fly.

Always at the window.

Now here's the kicker for everything that I've done. I've never been talking about me. I'm talking about all of you. I am talking about humans.

I am talking about how to solve the human condition. here is what it takes to save your soul so what you have to get through to get to the prize because in the mirror we have a lot of hostility to resolve before we will be good for anybody including ourselves Paul's interpretation of Jesus as God. As a result, the church's interpretation, her jar is now opened, and we will either enter a new golden age, or be destroyed by the universe. Because punishment for merely how you are psychologically inclined, and not any immoral actions taken, is evil.

And if you are affected by this, and you do not scream out about it, then you will never save your soul. I will leave it for them, because they need it more than I do.

I am showing you how to find it. Here is your number. Let's archive its solution once and for all. She'll be she'll be blood-red soon. I said it right the first time

She'll bleed soon If we want to do something or be a certain way and we're not hurting Anything or anybody and we're not allowed to This is called oppression. If you want to smoke pot you should do it. We'll never learn unless we take the law into our own hands. We need to be able to create web applications that functions efficiently on any device that feels like it's built into the phone.

We need to focus on portable devices, phones mainly. That's the future. Do it, and then fight for everybody else to also be able to do it.

The reason they don't want you doing it is because they want to control you.

Cause short-term chaos to promote long-term order.

If your parents tell you not to do something, and you ask why, and they say, Because I said so, or because I said so, because I'm your mother, or father, or whatever, tell them to go fuck themselves and then you will leave if they don't give you a proper explanation because you just learn how to live homeless really well just make sure you learn martial arts really well if your parents use their shelter they provide for you as leverage against you then they do not love you I can promise you that what you need to learn how to do is negotiate without losing anything if someone forbids you of something but cannot give you an adequate reason as to why the big why question and they are not doing this but it's contrary E V I L learn how to live my love and this is how you do it this is how you hone with these through this and that is what creates a perfect couple. Not sex. Not kids. Those are all bonuses. They should work out how they should if you

get the right two people together. And that's where everybody in this world has made the mistake. We will justly rule this world, me and you baby, while singing hymns to all that is divine, with childlike innocence, but not taking shit from anybody. Dear parents of Ashley, please think very carefully about what you are in the middle of now, because you will not win against me, and you will lose everything in the process if you try to fight it.

If you are caring, loving, and supportive towards the relationship, then you will receive many rewards in heaven for it. And on earth, because your daughter is about to be a star. Or shall I say, the moon. Zeus commands it.

I do not want anybody to be homeless. But it is really wrong to use that roof as leverage. So I encourage all children who have parents so stupid to do that to call their bluff. And if they are not bluffing then you have to live with that.

But so do your parents, and it will ultimately make you a better person. That is what I did. I tested the waters, but he was not bluffing, but it showed me his soul. And look how I turned out.

I am nothing like any of you, and very proud of that fact. If you are struggling to live how those around you want you to live, and you cry out for help and they do not care, then you are better off without them. And you will suffer until you learn your way around your new environment. But this is how you, this is how you build character that will travel with you no matter where you go every time I've done here.

Let's now bring out the ninth tale. Here it is. We are the world's greatest spy. High five.

Some reason this one's red. I've seen videos on YouTube that are books that are much longer than that. We'll find another way to do it, to share it on the website. Then we don't have to make it into a video.

It's still fine. But in order to reach our foundations, we must embrace our psychological makeup and take our hemlock. And this is how we flip our world. This is how we find freedom.

Yes, it is true that together we make 666, but we flipped it. A man, we are a man, amen. Here is my rib, your rib. We are done here my love, tomorrow I will send you off with some words of advice.

I have a lot to prepare for and this time it's not online, it's called real life. I wish I could tell you that what is coming your way is easy, but it is far from that. You have the hardest task in the entire world. You have a real job.

Good night Ash, I love you. There's possums that keep jumping on my tent again.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-56-World-of-Informers

The entire world, world of informers, please do not associate me with this psychopath, the calm before the storm, the storm, I pray for a clean and peaceful war, if we can do it. If not, heads will roll by the hands of your children.

It's not going anywhere.

The Langoliers are coming to get you, every city, justice. I have never been welcomed into a stranger's house who was not attempting to take advantage of me or convert me.

I have never been given food or any other provisions for that matter by any individual from the kindness of their heart. It is always, it's not my problem. or oh that's interesting why do you think I travel from place to place I am looking for beating hearts but this is the world that we live in dear Ashley do not trust in man trust only in God but God will force you to trust man, but now you know what to expect from those results. Here is your abomination that makes me desolate. Flip it and you will find your brother, our king, projecting. I

I hope that they will be able to keep down the food that is headed their way, but I already know that they will not, and will lose 33 kilos over 11 months. And the world will laugh at you. Why would the Antichrist admit that he was the Antichrist? And prove, because you will not believe me.

And when this happens, I have deceived you. And you will then burn. To all the Daniels and Nebuchadnezzars of the world, I am showing you the modern way to express your vision. This is my biggest warning to you, dear Ashley. So please heed the following words carefully. Allegories eventually turn into metaphors and all metaphors eventually turn into literacy.

So be careful about the allegories and metaphors that you hide behind. Now let's brush our teeth.

If we only listen to the words we say and then consider them, we can correct all errors in judgment.

There was nothing mystical about the words of Jesus. it only takes a little bit of mind and a heart to understand them a big heart darn why am i so poor because this is how i have to live but it is okay because i will be rewarded handsomely in heaven while the flesh of my enemies eternally burn Thank you. If you have not felt it, then you will never be able to help those who feel it. It's all in the colors that do not exist in the way that we perceive them to exist.

They are transcendental.

Click. What is privacy worth when we only exploit it to treat our fellow humans terribly?

Foxes have holes and the birds of the sky have nests.

But the son of man has nowhere to lay their head.

Your heavenly one. I am so tired. One day I will get to rest. If your entire life is focused around what God is telling you to do and not man, I don't care what religion you are or what circumstances you are in.

You are doing the right thing. And you will be rewarded for your efforts in heaven. A man is the Bible. It is an archaic map which we should utilize.

You go dude, you go. You go. Good job. Eat em. It's up to no good. Dang.

You got em, you got em. Yay. Take em back to your nest and you can all feed. How do you like his colors?

to make our way around this crazy world but I am no longer lost I know exactly where I'm going and it was right in front of me the whole time the branches are falling from their trees right in front of my eyes make sure you buckle up I never said this ride would be safe there is no such thing as salvation without good works. A good tree will always bear good fruit. Jesus never gave a free gift of salvation. It cost you your life. John 3

16 for God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten Son that whosoever believeth in him shall not perish but have everlasting life. Whosoever believes in him, in his character, in his words, in his actions will reflect that same personification. None of you are believers. You're playing a game with your soul. A losing one I might add. The sorrow that Jesus felt right before

he was betrayed was because he knew the corruption the next 2,000 years would make of his work. He was betrayed by you because now the Gentiles are free to live despicable lives. He was the perfect scapegoat and his blood is literally metaphorically and allegorically on your hands. Give me five. But his death was not

in vain because he knew I was coming. He knew I was here to flip the situation. He He knew that you, his sister, his younger sister, would follow right after me. The second one was taken off.

Here, let's finish this. Every city, every town, it doesn't matter where I go to, this is always the end result. But I will now let your children pass judgment on your souls. I am glad that someone is happy about it.

It is now time for me to lead God's people to the promised land. We gotta all be certain. It has been promised to you and is now yours for the taking. All you have to do is pick it up and then eat it.

You must wait just a little longer. Can you guess what time is going to come? What about the bus number? I'll sort it out today.

I'll give her a call right now. Okay, mate? Yep. No worries.

Okay. I have a transfer. I didn't realize. It's not their premises.

Chris told them what happened and everything and they said, you know, I was not... He did do the wrong thing, but it wasn't against the law, so, no, she can't stop him from going there. So she can't stop him from picking the kids up, so if she got even, she's cut the charters back. She's a cunt of a thing.

Yes, can't win with her, I tell you right now. You won't win with her.

And when she is out the front, she won't even look at me, because I give her a serving. I said, fuck you. I didn't do nothing that fucking wrong. Plus, it wasn't even one of your fucking students.

Who is that, Chris? No, no. One of the college kids got off the bus here one morning and said, have you got a spare cigarette lighter? And I said, yeah.

Just give them a cigarette lighter. I knew they smoke. They fucking smoke out sitting in the bus shop at the shelter of the morning where I pick them up. And who told her?

Two of her kids went and told her that I gave them cigarettes and I didn't give them cigarettes. And she believed her two lying fucking high school kids. And then when the principal here, June got onto the two kids and that and sent the email through to Chris there was no cigarettes involved it was only a lighter and the two kids told the truth the two kids told the truth here and she believed her two fucking lying kids you've got to be careful she wanted a written apology from me and I said you can go and get fucked so Chris said no no no so I wrote a letter of apology for giving the kids a lighter and a college kid Even June, when you said, wasn't one of her students, what's she going on about? It had nothing to do with her.

She said it was one of her students, not hers. When was it? Oh, about four or five months ago.

And, yeah, so she wouldn't accept my illiteral apology. That's when I said to Chris, I said, oh, fuck it. I'm going to see her solicitor. I'll take the camp to court.

No, no, no, no, no, don't do that. Don't do that.

Education department. Oh, she got on to the cops. The education department, the fucking, And the transport department, they were all on the case. All of them said, he's done nothing wrong.

But no, she's right, she believes there are two lying fucking kids.

Yeah, I just go all over. Now that's why I don't take kids over from here. They get off my bus, I won't take kids over. They go over on Alan's bus, they all exchange off Alan's bus.

The only kids I take from here is the kids that I take down the mountain. I refuse to pick any other kids up. And Chris said, that's fair enough. I said, well, I'm not having her on my fucking case again.

She's dangerous, but she threatens people. And she, well, you know, kid Chris shouldn't have never ever said anything. Well, I said to Chris, I said, well, I'm not throwing the job in. I said, because, you know, you're going to lose shardos over it.

He said, look, he said, I don't care. He said, no, you're not throwing your job in. He said, because of what she's done. He said, if that's the way she wants to play the game, let her play it that way.

But that kid Chris that called her a fat slut. Oh, Christian? Yeah, Christian. Yeah, he's the one that's really good.

They had the cops all come out and they were going to take him away. He started it all. That's after that, when that incident happened over there that afternoon. That's what happened.

That's when I refused to take any kids to get off. No kids get off my bus at the high school now. None. But he went over with his shirt off.

off this christian took his shirt off and was going to go and have a go at that big black fella that used to work there yeah and he's a canadian guy yeah he uh christian caused a lot of problems on my bus i kicked him off my bus a couple of times yeah anyway uh this uh the big pilot said uh mate if i was you i would leave this property because uh well he's he was the bloody, what do you call it, the fitness and health bloke there. So he used to play footy and all that sort of shit. So I wouldn't have taken him on. No, Christian's got no brains.

No, but someone's going to belt the living snot out of him one day. But he's on drugs and all that sort of shit all the time. Yeah, he's finished here at school, at the college here now too. Has he? Yeah, he's, actually, I tried to talk to him one day, you know,

And I said, he's got a lot of issues. And I said, but you don't bring your fucking issues to school, mate. No. Don't bring them on my bus.

I said, because you bring issues onto my bus, I said, you're going to fucking get issues.

And I was talking to his brother the other day, and he's working up in the mines now, making a fucking fortune.

At least he's woke up to himself a bit, I suppose.

He's got a job up in the mines driving big dump trucks or some fucking thing.

He wouldn't be old enough to drive that.

No, he was nearly 18. Was he? He hit those drugs too much, eh? Yeah, one after they went to high school, he wanted to get off.

He said, nah, can't get off the bus here. He said, run over there or get up me. He said, I'm getting off the bus. He said, if you open the door, he said, I'll kick the glass in.

And I said, well, you never go up kicking the glass. I said, but make sure it breaks when you kick it. I said, because if you don't, I said, I'll fucking throw you through. What do you say?

He went and sat back there. All you want to do is stir her up. Yeah, that's all he wanted to do. And it comes back on me.

So I said, no. Yeah, I don't let that up. I tell him, don't even poke your head out the door, because she'll have you. There she is.

Here we go.

Hey, man. Fabulous. How are you?

What is it? It's Travis.

It's like Ian Jumper because he can't text anyone. I always get this.

Attempt 4. I didn't press 8. I didn't press 8.

You can win this. I can. You're lost. I was so close!

You like stabbed me! Conch! Conch! You're a bitch!

I made it busted! Oh you made it! Oh that's so mean!

Back! Forward! Oh! Are you alive?

Praise the Lord! Chase man, cheese man, cheese man, cheese man. Cheers man. I will not lose.

No, I will not. I'm not mad. He fell in the inside. He fell in the inside.

He fell in the inside. I'm not under the sky because he's a dude. I'm dead. He's dead.

He's gone in his head. He's gone in his legs? Help! He's gone at the right time.

He's gone. Oh, I'm dead. Oh, I'm good. Die, die, die.

Die, die, die, die. I'll do the back flip. I'll do the back flip. I'll do the back flip.

Oh, shh, shh. Oh, snap. Two against three. Do the bottom left.

I know. Happy birthday, John. No, I know. I'm not a good one for you.

Oh, I love this lemon! Oh, I love this lemon! Alright, I'm gonna go! That's gonna be it!

Oh wait, I knew this lemon, I knew that was it! I knew that was it! Boy, boy, go! You, boy!

So mad! Ouch! Oh! That's how you're supposed to put this leg. They can't see you.

They can't shoot you. Unless you jump out. Actually get out! There we go!

Knock down! Knock down the stable. This is the funniest I've ever made it.

Please die! No, I'm still alive! No, that's my legs! That's my legs!

No! I'm so close! No! She has to be right here.

Nooo! Did he die? Did he die? Did he die?

Did he die? That'd be very fun. I just thought about it. I even lost my legs.

Please don't. I've been dying.

I had a tree.

It's real. Vulcan's workbench. I'm good. You know, I just got this tent and spent a lot of money on it, too.

It's sad when crap like this happens, but people like me can't go and spend all their time taking it back. We get fucked over.

It is not made for human use, but merely to buy so it can break, so you have to buy it again, so it can break again, etc. It's a cycle. We create it. Do you think the tents that Paul made would do this within a week?

Him and I do not see eye to eye on many subjects.

But I am sure that I would approve of his tent-making abilities. Because people like him and I are obsessive over the quality of our own creations. and i want to make it very clear that i do not disprove of paul's teachings just those who like to you know play around with their interpretation until they get it you know find the sweet spot that they can just do whatever they want and it's all right see what i mean see what i mean all right booyah we're pretty much done here but uh there's there's some platypuses around here and I won't show you that I can swim here I like it here a lot it's beautiful quiet no power gotta rely on Paula and and it's a long journey to get where I need to be but to get the library I think there's a library I gotta I gotta learn this place it always takes time but the thing is is that I will and then know how to move on again that's my life but the thing is is I always get better and more awesome for it more and more things this is how you become a genius you got to look at the reflections see beyond the water and through the mirror I think it's too late to catch them still beautiful it's all good footage baby you're laughing at your world everybody's laughing at you Australia this place has a library then it'd be really easy I just go library do work charge the battery do that three times a week easy the rest I can get with this guy once I finish producing and uploading like this guy right here I don't really need to use them so I only have an iphone to charge and then that whenever I decide to use it like it's like a spare piece of equipment just like this now it is so just an iphone to charge so I'm pretty sure I mean like that should be able to do an iphone like I should get a lot I should get everything I need but just learn how to use it well you you gotta move it around with the sun. Takes a while, but once I can concentrate on only one device, easy.

If the battery is full and I don't want to waste any, I can just plug it straight in, boom. No showers or anything, but I have water and a toilet, so that's pretty good. And the ground looks very clean and natural without glass. So I should be able to walk around here barefoot.

I can make a fire. Might be a treat every once in a while. I made a fire once through all these journeys with two rocks. It was hard.

It was freezing. It didn't last very long. I gotta make sure that I don't overcharge the equipment because that costs money. So I just gotta pay attention to it.

I'm gonna try, I guess, to charge things for like 80 or 90%, take it off, you know. That way I don't, I mean, it's better that it dies than wasting power. closer it'll go away because the color is a little fatty aren't you a little fatty makes this really cute really high-pitched beautiful right here a little bit so yeah there we go check on check on track your tracker lots of things to track in this board triangle if it was just a phone though it would be easy but it's not it's light I gotta figure out a better lighting method because my current lighting method is not effective enough it costs too much with batteries like isn't too much but like I said before if I find a whole bunch of a 76 of those a 76 batteries on eBay or something and just buy a whole bunch of them i'm sorted so i can hit 50x with a26 bang but the hard part is finding an address but every time we fell we get closer to succeeding to living the life

that we desire there's a lot of shots there so if we change the exposure then we get more shots all in the comfort of my tent my home so move over here get more shots remember to gauge your environment with your surroundings so you can learn how fast you and the things around you are moving and in what direction but this This production will end with your brother, dear girl, and not you. Because your brother taught me to never turn back. It's good enough. It just takes time.

I have just started it. Bang. Never turn back. Instincts from the divine are always right.

You just have to interpret them right. And when these instincts are persecuted, that just gives you confirmation. Because to force someone to pay money merely to exist in a location, that is just evil and you will all burn for it. And making it illegal to not?

What the fuck, seriously? I break the law all the time, and I have a perfect record. But I do not, nor have ever, broken the law of love. That is more than I can say for these people.

Independence year for kids, it's yours. I have given my life to you for it. And I traveled up the mountain to mark it in stone for you. Just so you are aware, once you upload something to archive.org, it is not linked to your account in a way that it can be deleted.

This is how you archive information, one of the many methods I will be utilizing over the rest of my life, however long that may be. I hope you enjoy your new society that I have just forced upon you. The Wendell and Ashley Republic. Let's smoke it up.

Here's how we educate everyone about our leadership. You can't fight against truth. It's absurd. Listen to the howls.

There's your 666. it by two and we will all find the answer. I wonder what episode 42 is. I urge all countries to use all of this intel that I have collected in any way they see fit. Just remember that

you too will be judged by your own sword. Diana is putting me to sleep. I'll stop at 21 the secret almost done



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-57-Heir-2-Throne

It is literally freezing.

Here is the army that cleared up for you.

Capitalize it. Let's slap a barcode on it. Now let's regenerate. This is my proposal to save the world.

I was not asking from ashes Please do not assume That this is easy for me because after we shed the dead skin We need to learn how to let go of Blanky no matter how cold it gets This is what you do with the philosophy major What do you do with a philosophy major? Like Red on That 70s Show says, there's no philosophy factories. I'll tell you what you do with a philosophy major. You suffer.

You learn and analyze your own human condition. You suffer through it. You experience it. You feel the material that you read through.

through and you understand and connect with it then after great amounts of suffering you are able to take hold of your own life and place it where you want it you are able to break the shackles that society has placed on you and make your life whatever you want you become master of your own destiny this my friend is philosophy this is what you do with a philosophy major fuck employment learn yourself become the best that you can be become a philosophy that's every day this the numbers they reset to fire the line fruit of the vine beautiful i'm coming the koala was at the lismore university while i was uploading the meaning of life that was for my heart my back not the camera so you will have to be happy with this guy. Now unlock this. There is only one combination. Bang. A man

is a man and a woman. And one who follows God in everything produces a man. But one who does not produces an abomination and if you do this, Weapon X will always be there to spill your guts open three times because in doing this you create the lost Christians of the world whom my heart goes out to, and then you don't even help them. But I will be here to help them until they become like you.

We need to help all Christians of the world who lose their legs before they get a chance to save their game. I have clearly outlined to you the extent of the military intelligence in this country. Starting with an unwelcome interview from their chief minister. This country created its own worst enemy.

And now I walk the fence line of its below average IQ. rise. I command you. This guy has his shit together. Willie Wagtail. Welcome to

Australia. A man and a woman is six and nine and if your partnership does not equal this equation then it is evil. This is no different if you are not heterosexual you need to learn how to play your role as well children is not the objective of a relationship if you make it that and bring terrible children into this world then you will pay it is not their fault that you are terrible at parenting and when they become you they will also pay metaphorically and and allegorically with their lives the life that you forced upon them there's no room to put homeless people in australia go yourself fee philosophy the only discipline you need to bother yourself with philia friendly love sophia wisdom pedo children i am the postman you've got mel beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep but do remember that only a little money can buy a lot if you are only a wise person this is my dream let me share it with you my name is Wendell Charles NeSmith and open source education is my future all you need to do is take the opportunity now I'll give it back to I have just shown you the world that a real pedophile will create. Now you can distinguish between that and a child molester.

Now, I'm here till 5.30. 5.30? Yeah. Okay, but it will be nice because we only need five minutes.

Okay, give yourself a few or two minutes to kind of settle it in and if there's any problems, because I do have to leave dead on 5.30. Yeah, yeah. Okay? Yeah.

And it's no problem when I'm talking here. No, no, not. Yeah, we'll just try it. Okay.

I don't know that. Oh, well they were in the stack. Let's see, they were on the ship. They won't be able to learn more if it's not too late.

I've got a back and a back and a back and a back surgery. Oh, okay. I think they will. It's okay, Carol Anne will be here.

This is where Charles came from. I found the missing link. I can't find Mimo, I don't remember her name, she was always Mimo. She's the one with Cherokee Indian blood in her.

She is my father's mother and she committed suicide. This bag is totally awesome, one dollar, don't need that anymore, use it for groceries. The sewing still worked the wrong way, I would do that sometimes. The moral of the story is not to stay out of other people's business.

This is what my name means. I am fairly certain that was my grandmother, and her parents were marked private. I have tracked my bloodline back 500 years. Let's take out our clothes.

I am hidden behind the number 13, which is perfect.

Ooh, warm.

Nice.

See, it's a blanket that has arms.

$5. It got to minus one last night.

You gotta make sure you keep warm. It's really hard if you're cold. I will wear three pairs of socks tonight. It's going to be like this for the next one or two weeks.

eating like the royalty that i am and as your brother goes down i prepare another night with you everything that has been said that can be said has been said i have exposed my entire soul to you. To each and every individual who has an internet connection available. If I am still rejected by you, then there is nothing else that I can do but pray for your soul. Good night world.

happy independence year for kids that name is Jesus that name is Jesus should they steal them they've heard of my movies and think they're awesome and my television shows and all my other work they walked away like I heard all that's a cool guy right there oh I never heard of anything funny though they will they said oh man I'm jealous I wish my room was like that my mom won't let me I said I had to make it like this rebel I didn't say exactly that I just kind of indicated it because every one of your children think that I am awesome if they Wait, I didn't catch your name. Wendell. Wendell, I'm Brandon. Nice to meet you, Brandon.

You're so legit, man. You got respect. You can come around here and talk to me anytime you want. Yep, sweet.

He's got full respect there. If you ever need me, I'll be here. Nice to meet you, Brandon. Brandon, right?

Yep. All right, see you around. David, I tried. David.

David, nice to meet you, David. Nice to meet you. I got a total respect. If they only get a chance to talk to me, which you won't let them Now let's close this camera for good I've been waiting to do this I'm almost done. It's the credits

Don't let the hair deceive you and then we lose it But we always come back to it We find our place again

Maybe we have to read a little bit twice or three times but we always get there at the end and continue where we left off. See what I mean? Dot dot dot. Bang.

It begins. I lied. It ends with you. Bang.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-58-The-Lion-King

My account was hacked.

Do you see these jumps? 2.8 to 9.5 to 43.

So from, well that seemed to have got it, but it didn't get from 43 to 9.5. No, no it didn't. So 43 to 9.5 to 2.8, same thing. I'm not sure what happened there, but I'm going to have to do something different.

Because I need to focus on missing video footage. uh first because if there is some i need to see if i can recover it here is where the split happens 9608 at 2306 now we go up here and then we got 9610 at the 18th instead of the 19th oh this is gonna take a bit and I only have one of them on my SD card so I am going to follow God's orders and produce these to fix them I am sorry my love this was originally built to be very easy for you to follow along and the motto has always been so easy even a child can do it but I am afraid from here on out it is only so easy that you can do it only you do not use syncing software because it is not developed enough to not stuff up and this camera made a big mistake by going back ages and redoing the numbers and that ultimately screwed me up a lot so don't use it just upload manually like it'll resume like all you got to do is select the files that you want to upload just upload them manually ensure that you have backups or shall I say the original copies of every single video until it is uploaded and you know it is good ensure that your wallet is large enough memory is cheap not get in the same position that I just did I know you have likely already put the pieces of the puzzle together but this process will be very good for you it will make you really smart to become a genius from it you just gotta realize the dates and what's happening and note them and then when you come back to the dates and put them all together it'll all make sense I have given humanity its test and now it is time for yours it failed but I know that you will not. This is about to un-brainwash you. Take careful note. Cell doing the right thing.

Welcome to our world. I need your help aliens. I need your help in this battle. Nature will help me only so far. It doesn't have conscious activity. Sync with your head, not the interwebs. It's

It's really easy just to move all of the files from the dates into one directory and then upload all of those instead of using sync because man, there's files all over the shop and lots gone so I gotta restore and I gotta cross my fingers, hopefully it'll work out, I think it will. Here is where it happened or started happening at the end of the Lord's Supper. Then I took the one SD card and put it into the phone and then it started syncing from the other directory. And then used the camera again and so it went from 9250 to 9508 and then when I reverted back to the other SD card it started back at 9250 I think, I gotta find that out.

So I got double ups of like, everything. But the thing is, it overwrote itself, so this is going to be a big task. It's no longer so easy a child can do it. Now it's just so hard only Ashley can do it.

I have to read the other SD card while I've done a lot today. Damn you, damn you. Shouldn't have done that. I want to mention also that I stepped up big time maybe like four days ago.

What I did was, you know that Google Sync with Dropbox Sync that I use? It kept on shooting me out in error because it kept on archiving all the data and since I'm working with such big files that means that, so it was making duplicates. When I moved them it thought I deleted them. So it would then make an archive of it and that would cause both Dropbox and Google to overload the amount of data that I had.

So then the sync would cancel. It was mainly problems with the Google Drive. But what this caused me then, I just went, screw it, I want to do it from base. So I love what's on my Dropbox, it's all organized.

So what I want to do is delete all of my Google Docs, and then tell it to sync again. So I did that. Because I wanted to just make a mirror of what was on Dropbox, but then deleted everything. So I've been spending like, from then until now, still recovering, still trying to organize what I lost and then fix it. So I'm really struggling. It's really hard. MySQL light so

we can store as a DB file in the directory structure and only backup that directory. But it is clear skies from here because I am a genius and so are you. Let's pray. 666 is the appearance of things. 999 is the origin behind that appearance. Dear Father, please

save this world. Amen. I am working very fast and efficiently. I might be able to fix the order of this I still have this many days to release this many days to make the rest of this production receptive to everybody and not just you because I get three days after dying on my cross to rise again a genius 35 this is 36 I was wrong about that being 36 not just because of 34 but um i started like i already had an episode so it's like i think it's the first of the eight that was 36 and i think it's gonna end up being the second because of 34 what i just did i'll find out there you'll find out not through this i won't tell you you you'll have to look this is what i have to do i just have to keep waiting for it like it stops randomly and i just have to wait and wait and wait and then i'll start back up and i'll watch it and then i'll do it again i just gotta keep doing that the internet will be better soon too bad it wasn't better when i started all of this it'll be better for you not for me because i'm almost finished after i finish this i'm going to spend full time looking for a home and I will try to find a job and save up money until I find you or should I say you find me and once we find each other hopefully I will have enough money for us to move to a country where we can afford property and start our own sustainable environment or Or should I say community that avoids my mark, our mark.

One open to all open source teachers, Athena, Atheden. I am never full because I expend more energy than I take in, and I long for hot meals which I rarely receive once I finish sorting this I'll show you all the points but this is what you have to do is like one by one by one by one and the thing is there's some videos in there that I that aren't right and I just got to do them all and see I got to do that all the way up to see here so it goes from nine 9813 but then there's also 9816 because it's not ordered all the time properly so and i gotta do searches and it's like one by one it's really tedious alternative communities reject me they either don't reply to me at all or they send me a stupid email like this sure why is it so difficult just to find a place to exist three years difficult this is my 12,000 piece puzzle I am constructing it right now almost finished too but it's the most difficult part because I screwed up primarily because this camera screwed up see the really annoying part about this is these don't have dates like I don't really know where they come from see how this has a date all these have dates beside them so I gotta then cross reference them with that to find out where they start and stop and then I gotta figure out which ones which ones uploaded over itself with another file and then I gotta restore those files and it's a big pain and then I gotta figure out which ones that that I deleted and and then the the time it went over itself um it made another one so i have things that shouldn't be there there and then i gotta organize those into the right spots and it's really it's really irritating it's really time consuming i'm working against time as well because the versions that i need might get deleted if i don't get them quick enough this is going to take forever always sending messages attempting to find accommodation usually not replied to but if i am it usually turns out to be a scam or they're not interested because i can't afford bond but i get a bond loan but that doesn't mean anything and plus the government is so difficult to work with that's why people don't want to do it because they're difficult so and if i do share a house with people if they ever find out who i am it's not gonna work why should i have to live a life of hiding what did i ever do wrong to any one of you the 19th the 18th and the 20th are all screwed up. I think I've sorted out the 18th but and I don't know beyond that either yet. My only requirements for a place to live is somewhere peaceful. A few days ago I did call the Queensland homeless services

for help and they just took my details and then told me they couldn't help. That's all anyone in Australia can do is take your details and then fuck you off. Here is the cab company that stole $62.78 from me. This is the life that I am forced to live merely because I am not wired like everybody else.

Imagine if I was public and told people that exist within my life that everything i do is for you what type of life would i live then in hell it's way too unorganized and it'll take a really long time and i think it'll be quicker just to upload it again and i'm pretty sure these are the right ones um like the dates the dates are all right so um i think that's all of them and and i think since it's already uploaded it'll be much much quicker so we'll see yeah see look it's really fast it's just bang um you're gonna see all this crap like a lot of these aren't even the rides because they don't have the the right dates on them um so some of these are from other uh another production another episode um which i have to find out but i gotta do 19 first i think it's 19 and 20 that's all screwed up. So I'll try to fix 19 first. Once you get to the point where you're actually producing the episode, when you actually have at least most of the videos there, it's not too hard to fix up because you remember the story and then you remember every single scene, every single one. And then you go, like it jogs your memory and you go, oh, this isn't right so then you gotta go find the scene and then fix it but if you watch all this before you start doing this you're not gonna have any problems because I'm not gonna have any problems after this like you can make videos like this everybody can make videos like this real easy now so thanks to me for showing it to you thanks to me for screwing it up until I got it right so I could show you the process it takes to do something so simple and then refine it enough for you to do it really easily entirely on the cloud I lied it's all easy enough for a child to do but you're gonna start it all it's right actually you you're the chosen one this battery gets me about 24 hours and my solar panel will charge about half of it in a day with just one device maybe maybe it would uh it would work fine but using this thing and this thing it's only halfway there I still got a fun power otherwise I'm out and that happened I'm still running Australia scares the crap out of me after I finished this production i'm going to contact the u.s consulate and ask for asylum i'm going to ask for assistance to get back home which then they will reject but i got all the evidence to support what i'm saying

i just need this website up once this website is up there's a lot of things i can do that i will do do you know why it is so hard to do what i'm doing which is simply make videos and post them online because society doesn't want you doing it who would have thought to simply record your life and the things you want to learn and then post it for everybody including yourself I'm the first one to do it why the numbers they are controlling you why would someone want you to think that people who blow the whistle about child molestation within Australia are crazy. You are being controlled. It enables them to keep doing it. How ironic. I just

produced that episode today. You know if I lived in a peaceful and safe environment, all of my documentaries would only be teaching technology but living this life caused me to run into a lot of people with horror stories as well as experience my own and I had to do everything in my heart to fix it everything always love you Ashley whether I'm alive or dead in this life and the next and coming from a Christian background as a preacher's son and seeing all of it not being practically applied to any of their lives it made me question it all because a good tree always bears good fruit we live in a rotten world but persophony has a way of taking care of that. We're waiting for it. It'll come up soon. This is my ACT

honor walk. You will all eventually be forced to be kind to one another because I am only the first of many vagabonds. It's enough to make kings of vagabonds. It's called the Illuminati.

They are hard at work.

Duh, duh, duh.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-59-Penal-Colony

The message that I sent this guy last night kept going. I was only showing you that I was sending him a message. But, you know, that's all he replies.

If he doesn't understand, why can't he ask me questions to help him understand? He can't just say, please explain shortly. Like, that's a very explain in detail, not shortly.

We live in a stupid world. People are so stupid. People are really stupid. like this is something really simple why is it so difficult to do stuff that's simple this was the entire message i'm trying my best to explain it simply can't you just ask questions to get the information you need the only smart person that i have ever met in my life i found to be affiliated with one of the organizations i'm trying to destroy but he was not smart enough to realize what i was doing i will be honest and tell you all the truth your children are much smarter than you they have better sight they have not yet been fully brainwashed by you definitely the day that i she meant a lifetime thing see this is my new pillow all i have to do is stuff it was closed you see through it when I started this journey I couldn't afford to rent now I can afford to rent because I'm on disability but no one will let me every day I am forced to walk really dangerous streets because I don't have transport I can't afford it too much money it's the same story as bond but not only that i don't want to hurt my environment with the car like a car does a lot of damage to the wildlife and and the environment everything thus being refused any type of safety in this god forsaken country i am forced to walk the only road that i have ever known it is the road of life and i know for a fact that i am the only one in australia walking it it is very dangerous and people will beep at you and try to swerve into you and when society wears away your soul almost at three you will be required to pull glass out of your feet time and time again I see this is really dangerous I see right there it's a blind spot so I walk around and people are gonna be coming around the corner they always go really fast and not see me I have shown you society's weapons of mass destruction and you will conform to become just as terrible as they are or they will make you pay. Australia has

been judged and will soon severely pay for its sins. If you are here I recommend that you leave as soon as possible because after this election no matter who wins we are all fucked to die the left is about to take over the right by force that's what we do to her paint our mother blue make her cry It was expensive, but oh boy, it's gonna be good. Can you say brainwashing? Brainwashing.

This is how we raise our children. Now she's talking about how she tried to run over humans. And she's upset that she got three counts of assault. This is what you have to be to be accepted as an Australian and you have to do it in front of little children and

in public and

She's going to have four kids

What do you think they will become? There are plenty of Australian men who will give them to her too Because all they care about is her pussy and she has one of those we are about to start the greatest and if i find my people to help me with it i will be on the front line australia is about to become one of the most dangerous countries on earth to exist in everybody here is wicked all you need to do is look at the foundation and they say oh it's because my ancestors they were hungry so they stole some bread that's untrue that's false that's a lie so the prisoners raped the people and the land and never stopped let's not forget the children and now they hold me captive a prisoner of war refusing me any type of life at all really. Before I left Canberra and I said that this would end me in chains, it started that way. 1999. Then I went and visited America and I should have

stayed. I was called to do this. I was called to save your children because none of you are gonna do it she was singing about how she had a home very soon every single one of you will pay for all of your transgressions the Langoliers just took a while to catch up we now live in one world one nation it's called the internet it's foolproof punishment none of you have ever seen anyone who speaks in facts and not opinions I am the first of many and you will fear me and you will fear all of them you are being watched I am watching you be very careful of which trees you cut down let's reinvent the wheel four dollars name brand too free thousands and thousands and thousands of kilometers thank you very much you were the best shoes that I've ever had have to string or bow always I need to buy new strings a new pair of shoes for $7.27 last pair too do you like the quality of human products that's why they give you 3. So much human waste. What's that gonna do in the ground? This is how you eat an olive.

Let's finish this production with fireworks. Let's burn society. Just notice.

I teach mythology and am very good at storytelling. Yet, nobody in Australia wants to utilize these gifts. They prefer idiots to be storytellers. They don't want to teach your children how to think.

I hate walking. At least after everything that's happened to me, I've got a choice. Walking makes me eat and eat and eat. This was not here this morning.

This is your face, humanity. Get rid of all cars. It's directly across the road from the chicken. I have shown you it.

Do you think signs like this work? That's negatory. I have just created my own, and so will every open source student. Or should I say teacher, because they will be yours.

Come on Wendell, it's just a kangaroo. I will return your favor. It is just your soul that is going to burn in hell. Now reap your consequences.

Do you eat kangaroo? What is your reaction if you do not? If you do, what is your reaction? Should we be eating the animals in our environment when we don't have to?

What if you were on the menu for another species? You are now on the menu for me and to my alien friends. I encourage you to try the taste of human flesh and blood cook it nicely and I'm sure you will very much enjoy it don't worry about feeling bad for it because we are the worst creatures that our solar system has to offer you can even utilize our ingenious invention of factory farming that is why created the technology to be used on ourselves is it really low is that is that really the noise you will find an ethical action when the same treatment can be applied universally to every single being in our existence everything that's sentient everything that has an interest everything that helps us everything that helps everything in our environment flourish and you know what this isn't it and you know what going to your jobs that doesn't help anything you're supporting a problem a big problem should we chop down this tree how would the environment deal with that what if we chopped down a lot of trees how would the environment deal with that how will our environment deal with us for what we have done to it you will soon see I'm through talking about this subject I will conclude this topic by revealing the saddest and most true aspect of our condition and what we do to people like me so it's not just you know glass and sharp metals and and other types of rubbish and cars mainly trying to move out the way of cars that I have to worry about uh probably the biggest thing is people actually throwing these out of their vehicles and the thing is when they see someone who's walking on a road that you know that's odd to them like who walks on a road don't they have a job don't they you know live like I do so obviously not so what are we gonna do look see I got no road I guess I could step in this so what are we gonna do well their answer to that is you know that rubbish that they were gonna just throw out let's aim it at this this guy who's walking and and that's probably probably the biggest thing I gotta work worry for look out for I gotta pay attention people make noises people scream people spit there's a lot of bad things that happen and this is the sort of life that people who who live lives that don't upset their environment this is what happens to them depends on the town this town I have to walk about 12 to 13 kilometers every day in order to survive i wish i could grow and live off the land i wake up and pray to god that today i will not get hit by a car until i release this footage

once i finish keep thinking i'm finished god tells me i'm not finished but i know i'm finished after i finish producing all this i know it's done that's it i know like every single day I have crazy adventures but the rest aren't for you I've given you a lifetime supply already they are smart enough to stay out of human reach I have not seen one dead see a lot of other stuff dead but that does not mean that humans have not tried does that look like something nature creates to you I wonder why it's up there but what can I do about all these problems fuck you all I'll be the only good person left in this world I can take that responsibility on my shoulders and Perseus will turn me to stone so that I can bear your weight because I have now looked at myself in the shield now it is your turn let's compare fates I might be doomed here on earth but I have the only only home of importance waiting for me in heaven. You have none because you have one here. You don't need it. How good is my eye? How good is every part of my body? How good is everything about me?

How good is everything about you?

Send your best, and I will outperform them in every single field. But warning, I will not conform to your rules. Because everything you have created sickens me.

It's nothing like that. I do not fight fairly, but neither do you. You just act like you do. do you think this election hasn't been predetermined you're stupid if you actually think your vote matters that is why God gave us a voice I'm screaming sometimes people correct me when I call Australians racist especially when I am referring to their discrimination against Americans but they are not the same race as me. I promise you that. They are not my people and never were. The

aboriginals of Australia were my people before you corrupted them by exploiting them the same way that you have done me until they conformed. And maybe I am about to kiss a lot of ass in attempts to get a home here but my work was created so I would never convert I'm just a spy and I have learned the best method to be a spy is to be open about everything that you are doing it's really funny because when you do this no one wants to watch you work no one will like there's no one in my life ever that's watched my work or at least like sat down and watch you know more than five minutes someone that's actually like looked into my work not a single person no one knows what i'm doing no one ever knows what i'm doing i can tell them as much as i want like you know accept the the big points and and they'll never watch it it doesn't matter i can even say you know i've won an award or whatever you know they're not gonna watch it no one watches it no cares this is how you be a spy you can be the best spy ever here i'll help you with it to get started you know so what do you do i'm an online teacher oh that's interesting what do you teach i teach philosophy oh i'm a philosopher i've been thinking you know my whole life so that makes me a philosopher okay do you want my card like okay it'll go in the bin I bet like that's it that's how you be a spy it's probably better without a card just make them think you're crazy or you're doing something new that I don't care about or something you can even just don't I mean a lot of times I don't say I'm a philosopher a lot of times I say I just teach technology okay that's cool I've been like showing how I got you know computers everywhere around the world it's cool and they're not actually interested in learning to use it they don't care about anything no one cares about anything but themselves and if there's someone in front of them who has a lot to offer then they get jealous so they don't want anything to do with them so that's what you do just That's what you do. I've got a friend in high places who understands what I need, because it's very simple. he helps me get exactly what I need and I really appreciate him. I love Simon. He is

my friend. People like me, Simon, and Paul, which I have introduced to you in the past, are the people that you should be trusting your technology with. And when you get us together we will take over your world and provide you with the good one and we each have our gifts and our weaknesses but the thing is is we know that we need to learn it all not just one aspect of it. This is the music of human communication. This is how to be a healthy community.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-60-Every-Noble-Vision

See this is how I have to rotate them. I have to download them from this app called video download or go to browser and then I click on it. And then it goes in the downloads and then I have to click it and then click export. And I have already done that. So then I have to rotate and flip. I have already done all these. But see I have this one. And I have just got to rotate it. Quick conversion. Camera roll. Export. And that is done. And then I just. And you can see the other ones.

um see see that's what it makes it's good i am not going to lie though this is going to be a very tedious process and i got like five episodes or six episodes or something like that that i was doing that with because you see what i got to do i have these ones and then i got to use those names because when i save the file with this uh this video pro this downloader pro it doesn't save the file names um so what you'll see is i'm gonna have all these landscape ones which aren't yeah these ones right here and i'm gonna have to rename those to here so i'm gonna have to delete that and i'm gonna have to rename it with that and then i have to figure out the ones i missed because i missed a lot of them see i had to move all these are all the ones that didn't work out right um see these are all the videos that did these are all the landscape videos um but then these are the ones that that became portrait and i gotta do that with every single episode and that's how we save the world just make sure you set it on landscape so you don't have to worry about that oh fail you gotta eat all those that's right it's the only ones i liked there the only ones i would eat let's smoke some pot while making apple juice just so you are aware once i realized what i was doing with shooting portrait instead of landscape i contacted laywo support about whether it's going to be a problem and they never contacted me back and the thing is i thought it wasn't a problem because it it crops it so it doesn't look like a problem until you realize

you know even good products don't have good support or any support at all it's a guy's I really gotta start pushing myself to, like, eat stuff like this. I used to be weird about all the textures and stuff, but, you know, the more I learn and the more I get used to things, the more I like it. Like, I would never do this. I would never eat an olive with a seed in it before.

But that's our nature.

And the processed items within our environment, that's not our nature. that's what we're conditioned to be like we gotta get beyond it having little chunks of apple in your drink i wouldn't have been able to do that not too long ago like the that's feels weird because i'm not used to it because there's no drinks that society really does that with they don't they want you to be a certain way but this is so natural to do this just chucking some apple um in there like that you don't really jump up with your mouth or like this is really soft so all i got to do is put my mouth and then squeeze it on my teeth or something like that or i could even use a better method if i wanted to um but you know taking that stuff away that's the good stuff trying to divide what a drink is and food i mean that's not the way our psychology naturally works we're being pushed in to be like this because you know someone couldn't just buy apples and then easily make an apple drink because you need these big machines to separate these contents so you can have a nice refreshing drink but you know what like despite all the apples it's so good natural sugars yum found a place i think they'll want me there i think they're happy with me being there I got to save up though and I guess hope that nobody gets it in that time because I need bond which is like $650 so that's four weeks rent and then I need two weeks rent in advance so I'm looking like $1,000 just to get into a home because I need to then pay one week um so that we means i'm always two weeks in advanced and i get then i got the four week bond um but i think the government will help me out with bond i've been i've been really scared of the government lately because of the stuff that i've been releasing trying to not not show my face but that doesn't work because then cops like get on to me for trying to help chickens and stuff like that so they know where i am i'll get it you just gotta keep working at it always at the window or get smart hey half and half you get closer every time now I can crush it with a better method than my teeth on hold trying to get an advanced payment so I can get a home it's really difficult Gold Coast calves smile Australia lighter gotta find it I always Always lose it, always lose everything. Dum, dum, dum, choo, choo, choo, choo, choo, choo, choo, choo, choo, choo, choo. So good.

We'll cook it with the rest of it tonight, the soap, overnight, and tomorrow, we'll have black eyed peas. Yay. Minerva flavored laksa. it works best when it's not windy and you let air out the top so tomorrow I just have to heat it up and I'll get two meals out of it not bad for a homeless person I yeah visas suck country should just open up all borders come to Australia who would want to come here really it's just beautiful here it's not it's not any good see Simon that is your name in Japanese oh let me do that some days just do not feel productive at all but just remember it is these days that create our days of productivity the days we do amazing things quoting Apparently, real men sleep around a fire and not in a shitty tent.

Guy mate. I guess this also infers that real men bring all of their luxuries from home into the campsite.

What would happen to any one of you when everything you own is on your back? It's been 15 minutes, and he decided to go to bed in his tent.

They're dogs.

And this is the name of it.

Or maybe it is this. It's one of those. It's funny either way. Real men snore really loudly right when their head hits the pillow.

How many people does one snorer disturb? I'm beginning to hear it everywhere. do do do do do do do do do oh oh oh oh oh can you hear it if you can hear over the snoring started to hear it in them I would not be surprised open that and if If this is the case, we have a war. From alien to woo woo woo woo woo woo.

Nature itself does not produce creatures like us. There had to be some type of external cause that resulted in the way that we destroy everything we touch. That were cruel to people that were evil that were brainwashed. I could have jailbroken this phone If I didn't update it

Trying to repair an issue that still gives me problems sometimes

There's gunfire going off up power

US We're here See There's a problem. It just stops doing that like I can't scroll between them and then I have to go back and find find it again

There there Zoom just to see it doesn't matter Okay, so now I have to date Subtate it's doing it. Why do you think they would do that? It's a bit odd, isn't it? They are gonna be here for three days

I wanted to sleep. The baby started whining and they told him to shush. A real man speaks through actions.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-61-Psychoacoustic-Programming

snores time to ascend into the heavens all of you do so i keep hearing please understand that i have these sounds recorded all throughout my work there are many odd sounds throughout my work and if you struggle hearing them all you have to do is extract the audio from the video increase the decibels make it louder and then listen again and again and again at the vibrations that you are exposed to each and every day and don't realize The theater's narrow.

That's in our sternum and our thorax area. It causes a vibration, a temporal lobe. Gives me a migraine.

This is a tape I developed as a simulation of the phenomenon as I experience it. Sarah Allen has been hearing the hum for three years. ...than I experience it at, but just so that you can hear kind of what it sounds like, that's what I'm going to do.

Now, the vibe level that I hear it at is much more like this. You bring it down to the minimum, and then you turn it up until you can just perceive it, which is right there.

Here is the question for all of you. Why do none of you care about what you are forced to experience every day? Because people that present to you facts that make you uncomfortable are crazy. I wonder why you all think this while you ignore evidence fixed it I forgot about episode 34 being the trailer I have a feeling that today we're going to do magic getting a home small bedroom spa always at the window waiting for you So you just have to make a new directory and then empty your camera roll on it.

There's a problem when it's plugged in, it doesn't work very well. See? Unplug it there. Look. See? It's always done that.

I want to make a living by teaching how to do this to our youth. Hands on. But it is unlikely that you will ever let me. me so open source university will have to suffice for now and it is never going anywhere our hands

everything with the timing of this production has turned out perfectly because you won't know where i'm going and you didn't know where i went until it was too late it's kind of obvious but In case you're stupid, I didn't plan any of this or the release dates. They all just happened when they were ready to come out. And God led me to the content at the appropriate time. If you think this is my content, you have highly mistaken.

I am just a vessel. Maybe the hostility towards Australians in particular is my content, because I understand that this is the entire world, but this is what I have to cope with, Australians. We have completed the age of iron, and now we'll enter into a new golden age. We are the ones who choose whether or not humans will be involved in that equation.

Let's take back our planet from the forces of evil. It's time. It's ready. Children do not obey your parents, for they are brainwashed and conditioned to brainwash you.

answering service in which I left a message and they never contacted me back. Let's shed it. Throughout all of these journeys I have never put sunscreen on nor have I worn sunglasses or a hat. Australians are brainwashed. Slip slop

Slap, slap, mate. Slip into our values. Slap around your morals. And slap those who do not conform.

Throughout all of my journeys, I have never seen parents play with their kids. They group their kids together and send them off to play by themselves. And then the grownups sit around and talk shit. Now they're laughing at a dirty joke that they told to an American who didn't get it.

That's so funny. I'm glad they didn't get it. You're dirty, Australia. This is where I swapped SD cards again and lost order.

It's not supposed to do that.

Okay, well that just flew overhead and wasn't anywhere. Do you think anyone but me noticed?

And it was extremely loud. it happened between 1102 and 1103 there has been many times during my journeys that this has happened but the thing is I'm a tracker and if I can't see it I can't zoom in on it and I don't usually bother but since last night looking up that material I decided to show you this but this is this one was louder than any i've ever heard before don't look into the sun it will blind you you know how false this statement is my whole life how good are my eyes it would be smart if we flew our unidentified flying objects around the sun that way nobody will notice that it's not applying because it's nothing because we've cloaked it on another note a few times during my journeys i caught footage of certain aircrafts and what the camera caught and what my eyes caught were two different things just remember where we are that was a really good episode okay so this is how i had to sort it it's a bit be confusing notice the order so I just renamed it to 1 to get all those in the front and and then you see here it goes to 2 and then it goes back to this so that was the order but you see like between 1 and 2 it screwed up there to so 70 and then 04 so that was an SD card change I think yeah so it kind of it just doesn't keep order right it is my brother's birthday tomorrow and shortly after that my mother's but who is my brother and who is my mother the heavenly ones because they rejected me a long time ago and they are not worth my time ironically I set them both up with their spouses and they're still happily together today but once you do something people forget it let's sell the world to the highest bidding alien but I do not think that any other species of alien can outbid me I dare you because I just gave humans something much more precious than the soil in which they sell and once they realize they will become warriors and they will be able to fight and win against all oppression from their own kind or another it does not matter so to all extraterrestrial life out there the game is now on to conquer the world swish think there's anything so if you have a system of implementation that is better than the one that I have laid out over the last three years that will enable this planet to flourish and are able to enforce it on their people without their permission then now is the time to lay your cards out on the table because I have a royal flush what do you have? because you do not like my words does not mean that you can reject them. That is part of your brainwashing. Prove them wrong. You will never be able to

because it is truth. Thank you Simon. There is no public transport to get out of this town.

Cab services want to charge me $200 to go 22 kilometers so then I can get on public transport. I figured out a way. I always do.

Take it from me. I shouldn't have done it. Kick out the 96.5 pop-up playlist from 2003. Avril Lavigne here at 96.5.

one Tuesday one more big trip and that's it no more for the camera found a map that is approximately the amount of money that was spent on me over my entire life yep this is a life mission no problems this is your government Australia I wonder why the Australian people are idiots literally metaphorically and allegorically these are awesome by the way everything that I note is important just realize that Those kids hung out with me tonight for like an hour and a half and talked about lots of interesting things about the solar system, and gravity, and planets, and a lot of different things.

But when they got called back by their parents, and they came again even after, but their parents kept on asking them, what did you talk about? What did you talk about? What did you talk about? and they kept on replying with this and that and that and then they would make fun of what we were talking about. They would pull the piss out of it and then like screw up their

voices and make fun of things I said and that was the parents, not the kids. Australians Boys can't resist making fun of an American's accent, even though they secretly admire it. They hated how their children are drawn to me and want to hang out with me on their vacation instead of them, but when they hang out with them, then they don't appreciate it and they don't do anything and they're bored so take care of your kids parents that means treating them like a fellow human you don't do that you talk down to them they don't like that no one likes that

if you are australian how do you like it when i diss your culture at least i have proof to back up my words. I'm not just a child screaming out. And none of you have ever proven me wrong. You have a jealous culture that condescends what it envies. Focus. And this makes you

very insecure in yourself. So you then use your roof as shelter. And then you sing about your home that you have but I do not I will have a home in heaven at least that is more than I can say for you but relax Australians I am just using you as an example the entire world is full of people like you you were all disgusting people do you want to prove me wrong do you want to want me to retract that statement, then here is what I require. One of you to dedicate your entire lives to open source education, to suffer instead of making money, to learn, to teach all for free, to give your heart to everybody, to open up your psychology to everybody.

And I am not speaking of Ash, because she will do this naturally. I am saying, one, outside of me and her, because we are one too. If this ever happens from a human, then maybe your kind has a chance. I have outperformed every single one of you in my life, and the reason that this is, is because I am not one of you.

Do not compare yourself with me. That will end with failure. single time the same goes for her we are one even though I am in the middle of something I need to sleep because if I don't sleep then I'll struggle sleeping later and I'll probably wake up in a few hours anyway and continue it but I'm trying to get it all finished because I'm tired of doing this I'm tired of holding this camera in front of me and I just gotta finish it but Juno's about to make the call it's about done I just gotta finish producing and I'm almost finished producing I just got some episodes that were quite difficult I mean I say were quite difficult because I think I've sorted them out at least 20 and already sorted out 19 which is a pain and 21 might have a few hurdles to get through and I'm really hoping tomorrow I'm really hoping tomorrow if I can finish tomorrow yes and then because I got to produce every single day I continue doing this I got to produce that too so then you know I'm trying I'm catching up it's the Langoliers it's the Langoliers, and the thing is that once I show you how to do it, once I can do it really quickly, because all the ones before 18 that I haven't done yet, I can do really quickly, and then all the ones after 21, I think 21, I've got to check 22 to make sure, but after that, and I'm saying 22, like I'm talking about the dates of August, so that's what we got to look forward to and I'm hoping I can get through those problem episodes tomorrow and if I can then this is done. Good night Ash. Please know that

you're loved. My work is an amazing lullaby that will put you to sleep.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-62-Theogony

Let's finish this thing.

Have you been offended by my words?

I will finish this production by cleaning up the mess that I made. I will help you understand why I had to say all these things.

Besides the fact that they're true,

if you have been disconnected from my work in the past because I am aggressive towards you, then today, I recommend that you try to get in my head.

Let's look what the day is.

Yesterday, I said that it is my brother's birthday tomorrow, but I didn't look at the calendar, so today, I'm going to say the same thing again. It is my brother's birthday tomorrow. I'm going to be honest. I don't really notice dates and times until I watch it, So, that's why I kind of record it, because I learn dates and times by recording it, and then I watch it, and then I realize things about those dates and times, and then I kind of learn dates and times in real time, too.

I've always been like that, like, dates and times don't really work for me. My body clock works for me. The sun and the moon work for me. this is why I can't cope with nine to five jobs like anything on a schedule doesn't work for me I have to do it depending on the way my body feels and and what its makeup wants to do I'll get stressed out otherwise I get really stressed out can't handle it it's not worth it I mean this life's better than that life if I am tired I should go to sleep because it is unlikely that I will get tired again if I don't go to sleep when I'm tired. It is stupid to force me into set

schedules. It doesn't work. It doesn't work. You've been trying to do it for my whole life.

It doesn't work. And saying that I have to conform to this, even though it's not possible for me, because that's the world we live in, is a method of oppression enforced by you for repeating this social axiom again and again. It's like another day, another dollar. It's the same sort of thing. You repeat these things enough, then you'll collectively think that's

how life functions. It's not. I will tell you how life works. First, you have life and it needs to realize itself. That is, learn how to sustain itself. Second, it needs to realize others. That

is it needs to learn how to help sustain others third it needs to realize the whole and then be able to take care of everything that is it the word employment was not mentioned at all neither was the word money. And this was not in error. I have never appropriately been helped by any charity. They are targeted at certain groups of people who they think are in need and ultimately just exist as a front to make money. Even not for profits, like all of them,

evil. Just because you have to zero your bank account at the end of each financial year does not mean that you are doing a good thing. How many times have you been asked for money from a charity? How many times have you been asked for money from me? Who needs it more?

none of those charities help me none of those charities help anybody they're there because society has made you feel helpless like you can't help anybody yourself like no what are you gonna do you're just one person oh we'll give to someone who is already doing it and when i say someone i mean no one because there's no one it's not anyone it's a corporation it's a company it's an organization there with a board of directors that have financial interest do you want to help be a good person invite those without loved ones in their life over for a meal invite them to stay for a while care about people give food to those who need it personally yourself your own hand don't give money to anyone even beggars it's time to fix up my life once and for all let's play it you must fix up your own backyard before God will give you any right to fix up anyone else's all of those people we send overseas to help other people that need it we're forcing a lifestyle upon them that a lot of them most of them don't want we're trying to integrate a capitalistic economy into economies that aren't structured that way and we're oppressing them by giving them really bad conditions and giving them very little money but it's okay to do that because you know their economy isn't good so a little bit of money goes you know farther than it would go here that's not cool these these things we're sending out to help other countries we gotta fix ourselves before we can fix anybody else because that we're just implementing the same model that we have in our own local area onto other countries that don't function that way once we can fix our own model then we have the right to do that I'm talking about everybody like all corporations that go out and you know let's make a well for this country let's let's preach to these people the Langoliers he is rising. Hail Apollo, because beating hearts are my people. Do you want to know why we write fiction? Because to make a good story you need a good guy and we don't have any more of those in our world. Get up to 600, man you ass. It's

really odd what's happened to these videos so notice the last part of it but it's happened to a lot of the videos on this section I'm not sure like I can't say it see I go save the camera roll and then I go to my camera roll it's not there it's like they're corrupt but only at the last part like each one it is okay because I handsomely in heaven while the flesh of my enemies it's like the last part of it just see it's like yeah it is okay yeah something weird with it but I still get my message across each one so hopefully they'll work fine with the conversion. I'm about to complete it today looking at birds well looking at birds a little fatty little focus I don't have to delete scenes anymore. All the scenes I do is good. The water was pretty nice today.

It's warming up. You would not believe how popular this tattoo is in Australia. But no one understands it. And I have yet to meet even one individual who knew its name. They merely know it as the Southern Cross. My journey in Ballarat

was mine and not yours but I promise you that Australia has not learned its lessons because this is where they put you for wanting to live in the wilderness mm-hmm we are synced 18 times 2 is that is six sixes NeSmith. Fear it. Is there anything else that you want me to say, God? Speak now or forever hold your peace.

Do you want to know why I know that God is real? Because it speaks through me. If it does not speak through you, then you are lost. finding God is a physical mental and spiritual journey if you are not seeking for it through all of these three aspects then you are not looking for God and through every situation that life brings you will have to learn how to to purify your soul it doesn't stop as long as you continue breathing when I was in band in year seven I used to play that song on percussion started out with the xylophone did the bass and then the triangle and the symbols I did everything I know that there are nice people left in the world, but the fact still remains is those nice people still don't respond well to lifestyles that they do not immediately understand.

And not only that, it's not just a nice person that you have to be if you want to enter the kingdom of heaven.

Do you want your sins forgiven?

First, you have to forgive yourself for committing them. then you must figure out methods to no longer commit them and third you must help others do the same if you're not doing all three of these steps there's no way that you're going to be forgiven because you didn't care to begin with it wasn't worth the effort for you the mythological deities that I have Presented to you over our time together are not to be worshipped in themselves They are merely an entertaining and very precise way to teach you the different characteristics of God That would be like giving the credit of this production To my hair or my nose or my feet it was all of me through this particular understanding that enabled me to do all of this it is the whole thing and I have been able to reach these heights because of the Son of God who showed me it was the entry point in order to be let in on a much grander plan a divine one this is why Jesus was the son of God in human formation and I am no different we both said the Lord's Prayer I disagree with my forefather st. Frederick Nietzsche's interpretation about Jesus but he was on the right track because when you are on a track and you pass that track down to future generations they can continue where you left off this is how you build upon giants this is how you stand on the shoulder of giants it's on an individual level this is how we become gods if we We keep passing our own individual responsibilities onto collective organizations. Very soon, either we will kill ourselves, or the universe will do it for us.

Do you realize that one day all of my content will be transcribed, all going to be searchable? What do you think will happen? On this journey alone, I have been honked at about 20 times. The first time I knew the person, which you saw on camera.

Every single time after that, just people honking at me and going, like, is that cool? Like I'm walking on the side of the street, it's obviously dangerous, and you know, you're like terrible, terrible people. The louder things are around us on a consistent basis, the more we tune out. What do you tune out that you have been conditioned to tune out and why?

What do you think the punishment is for all I have shown you over the last three years? You are either doing it or enabling it to happen. I will tell you a secret. the same punishment. Are you ready? It's your time to go. I have had people in the past that have

thought that they were a good person because they watched my work. This is entirely misapprehending my work's function. It was designed to show you what you do, you not change, and then harvest your soul. Mother, I am sorry. On that journey, there was two people who thought it'd be funny

to swerve into me and run me off the road. That's what I'm talking about. Pan. One. I am its human

form because I connect the dots over all fields of study. Because I follow the sun throughout all of my journeys. New age idiots keep telling me, hey, I should just focus entirely on the sun and extract the prana from it. Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. But they entirely misunderstand

absolutely everything because they don't care about understanding. That's not their focus. It's not God. Like I said, you got the physical, the mental, and the spiritual. You don't have

those three things connected. You're following crap. It's all bull. If you wake up in the warning between x and y and stare at the sun for 30 seconds only 30 seconds because you'll mess up your eyes if you do any longer than that then you can extract the nutrients from it and you can just live off that but what about Demeter's creations what about like are we forgetting lots it would be good for you not to have to eat because if you didn't eat then you wouldn't be so poor all the time because you wouldn't have to because you're homeless because you're just a poor homeless guy who nobody wants and I'm talking about this to you because I don't want you because I want you to move on too. Move on. If we just love in our hearts

then none of the bad things that happen to us matter and because you suffer from all the bad things that are happening from you then that must mean that that you don't have the enlightenment that I have. Me, and my big property, and my home, and my job, you know, all these things that, you know, society has required that I have conformed to, because I'm a lemming, and I'm walking off a cliff, walking off a cliff. All we need is spirit, you know, good old Aussie spirit, and we'll get through everything and anything that life brings us. We'll fight, and we'll triumph!

So the guy that got the trailer, he just honked at me, and I went like that? He flicked me off. All we need is our God given abilities. Our ability to sing.

Our ability to entertain. Our ability to talk crap. All we need is our ability to work. We just gotta work, work, work, as long as we're working, working, working, working, working, then we're doing the right thing and we're going to get through life.

That's how we get through life. Working, working, working. All we need is our ability to heal. As long as we can heal from our wounds, then we will get through this life.

All we need, all we need is, all we need, all we need is, all we need is, all we need is, I'm punching that back. As long as we learn how to cultivate the land, we will always have our food and water. This is all we need. All we need to do is be okay with the ups and downs of life.

That's all we need, as long as we can just be okay with it, then none of it will matter. All we need is the power and as long as we can get that power then we're in control and And that's all we need in life is the power. The power to fence in anything we want. That's the power.

That's the power. Fence it with barbs. Barbed wire fences. We just need to learn how to preserve and store things.

Because if anything happens and we have it preserved and stored, then we always have it to fall back on. All we need is to know the right people, be the right people, and do the right thing if we can do this then that's all we need all we need is careful contemplation of what it is that we're doing as long as we carefully contemplate our actions that's all we need all we need is passion and longing and tears if you have not noticed I have just went all 12 olympians. Sorry guys. Do any of them work on their own?

Is integration the word I'm looking for? Unitization? Sensation. Synthesis.

Sensory perception. What's your name again? My name's Wendell. Wendell.

Where are you going to, mate? I'm just going up the road to Shard Park. Shard Park? You staying up there, aren't you?

Yeah, I'm leaving on Tuesday, but I don't have a car. Is that a problem? Like, I don't have a choice

See they hassle me all the time Yeah, oh, but they stopped me because apparently, you know, you can't you have to own a car in Australia So they stopped me. I would get a lift, but uh, I got to talk to them. Oh, don't worry about it. Thank you Another from the park Yeah, from the park and they were they're gonna give you a lift yeah hey mate whereabouts are you from from america i was born there i've been in australia longer is that a problem being from america no no no no no no he's next to us camping yeah you're right mate just give us five minutes oh i'm just gonna say if we can give him a lift five minutes yeah thanks mate yeah one minute thank you it means a lot um it's really bad today what idea have you got mate what do you mean identification i got a driver's license yeah can i ask why yes mate because i spoke to you last week remember I do remember.

Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, and can I ask why? Yes, because I want to check who you are. Okay.

It's all right.

So you don't answer why? Yeah, yeah, I did. I just said... But that's not a reason.

That's just... That's a stupid reason. You just gave me a license, so the stupid reason worked, didn't it? It did, because you would probably take me to your station otherwise.

No, I wouldn't. Really. You wouldn't. So if I refused my identification to you, you would not take me to the station?

What's your, Benny, Benny Sand, what's that, Salton, Benny, Ben Salton, senior constable. Can I have your badge number, please? I just got it, mate, Ben's better have badge numbers, yeah, it's American. Okay.

So what's your address when you're here? I'm at the Sharp Park. Yeah, but you think you're going in a day or two. Yeah, I don't have an address yet.

Have you ever been in trouble with the police? Never.

You're going to do, you can do a check, you want to do a check? I've never even stolen anything in my life is it I mean you guys are always pulling me over and then you do a check and then you do and then you find out that I've never done anything wrong in my life and then and then you go away like it's really annoying it's really irritating I was just because I can't afford a car like is that you how much do you pull like people like me over all the time on the road like the same person over again and again and again and the thing is you were irritated because I was trying to help a chicken that got hit by a car which we had to be put down that was human inflicted and it suffered and you didn't care and the vet was right there and you didn't is it is it why'd you pull me over okay oh I can leave is that right yes then why did you do this okay so that was useless that was useless thank you how was that for timing you know that That guy that honked at me when I left this place, because he was my neighbor here, yeah, he was the one that came back. He came back at that exact time, right after the cops pulled me over, and that was right after I finished presenting the 12 Olympians. So you know, look who's backing me up.

Test the waters. Want to challenge me? Look what you're challenging. I will mention that walking like that gets you very very dirty because every time a car drives past they're flinging dirt at you and I guess that's not too bad considering that it could be raining and when there's puddles on the road then there's a lot of drivers that will actually deliberately drive in them so they splash you and then you get dirt and water it's gross water all over you so it could have been worse but yeah that's the That's the lifestyle that Australia forces on people that can't afford cars.

And not only that, I don't want a car. And the maintenance, it's expensive to have a car and I can't get a place or couldn't get a place. I spent three years trying to do it. I have it on footage.

What's your problem, Australia? You're so retarded. You make yourself look stupid every single day and I'm just fortunate enough to be the first one smart enough to be able to capture it for you I captured my life for you hope you enjoy it I gave them pop tarts to thank them and eels swam around my feet it was creepy and I gotta look it up to see if it was dangerous it was pretty cool it kind of scared me out of it though why why are you people not aggressive even or violent towards policemen they are evil we should implement police brutality except reverse it they took a picture with me and their boy because he really likes me and all of your children really like me but you keep them away from me and you tell me that they will never be able to understand the topics that I talk about but every single time you prove yourself wrong because I am actually an interesting person and gifted people that know how to harmonize the 12 are the ones your children should have as role models and when this happens your children will naturally become brilliant because you provide them with brilliant teachers and thanks to the internet you can have brilliant personal tutors tutor each and every child from their heart and for free can you imagine what I'm going to do with the footage I have acquired over the last three years. The Langoliers plan this very carefully. Not

stupid, you are. Society has conditioned you to be afraid of cops. Do the opposite. Become aggressive. Why the fuck did this cop just get in your business? What does

he want? They will never be able to give you an answer except because they felt like it because they are idiots and they're just trying to get in everybody's business and and and hassle everybody they don't want to help they wouldn't help you they wouldn't they wouldn't even drive me to where i needed to be they're they're terrible terrible people they all have terrible hearts all of them you know i almost applied to be a cop because i was a security guard for a while and then i researched about how corrupt they are in australia and man most of them are there's there's very few who aren't if all of you communicate with police officers like I do then eventually they will become very weak creatures they are already very weak creatures they just do not know it yet you have to be the one to show them where does Australia get off forcing people to live lives like this and then hassling them about it this is how you do it not what everybody else is doing i am still seeking asylum from australia please get me out of this god forsaken country now episode 21 neo this is for me my SD card got full as I was entering town so I used this camera right here this one actually oh they're clear more data or just use a bigger SD card you think you're doing this I'm doing this let me show you how they're paying customers don't pick up your cross my friend and carry it up your mountain I'm not a hundred percent sure if that is her but she did live to about that age and die at about that year in that state but I'm not sure if she changed her name or not but at the end of the day it is irrelevant because I am already your king Bacchus takes over the world dead or alive it does not matter you choose it's called a slank it super awesome since sync is not allowed on Wi-Fi after you film a sequence of videos you just gotta go to them all and bang bang bang bang bing bing bing bing bing bing bing bing bing bing bing beep beep beep beep beep beep beep they're all there just go upload and it's doing it we're almost done here we just finished 21 and that was the end of the problem episodes so you can run two operating systems at the same time so I got Linux back here and then Windows right here in front kick watch always at the window successful transfer good stuff go here 20 yeah click control a selects all of them return home just wait for it and bang so from the video downloader we can see it says video and then it has the time it's not formatted like the rest of them but that's okay so we just need to think of 71641 and we gotta go up to the top and find 71641 go to rename get a copy cancel you see that see that's um portrait it's gonna show it like this doesn't play videos but it will show the screenshot which is good so we can know that hey that's the right one so we can just then delete it trash it delete it and then go back oh yeah you go click the back button there okay so then go back to this video

then you go hold it down yeah paste and there's an extra space so you gotta get rid of that and then backspace and rename and there you go you got to do that with all of them so it's from these are all the ones downloaded I just looked through what was what was portrait and then downloaded them through this app this download app and yeah I got to do that with all of them and then the episode will be ready to watch using Dropbox which even though it's a little bit slow it still works just takes some time and I will share with you an error that I made I know with these two but I'm not so sure maybe that one too but it just takes time out of sync just a tiny bit so I'm not gonna worry about it but what happens so we're gonna there and see this file right here I renamed it to reflect the time that this was taken but you see how it's above that one right there it should be like it should be above it but you see when I renamed it show you over here so going to fatality finish him camera uploads fatality and so when I go over here so you can see because you can't rename on this this apps kind of stupid for the iPhone they have limitations can't rename anything okay so I got this file right here which it should have been above it and what I had to do to make it above it is I had to name it the same thing is that that one that's above it but I was naming it the one that was below it and it was coming up below it because that's in Windows that's the way it works and that's what I thought but I didn't think because it was showing up in Dropbox above it so that's that's right that's the right order but when I put it into windows it drops down so it's below this file so that file is below that file instead of being right there which it should be there so I'll show you see rename okay so that's that's the file name that I named it that's not the time I just copied and pasted that to get the file file to be above there but what i should have done was use this one right here hey hold on let's see if that's right okay so 8 10 9 and yes see i should have named it this one right here so I should have named it 8 10 9 instead of 7 31 19 because this is reflecting properly in Dropbox but when I put it to Windows it doesn't and then I put in the converter and it doesn't so there's a few episodes that it's just like one video out of sync so I guess that's good for me to tell you so you can be aware of that. Doesn't matter at all. No one will even notice. Is it an animal? I gotta research that. That's really interesting.

But there's a lot of other noises. The point still stands. Unlimited free power. Thank you Gaia. Why do we not

have technology that you can play a sound and it compares that sound with other sounds in a big database and then returns results of the closest sounds to it with descriptions of what those sounds are and that way we can determine whether the sounds around us are ones coming from known phenomena or not. There's a lot of sounds that I've captured that's definitely not a creature in the wilderness it's really easy to make sure they're all widescreen you're it my game of tag it's the best ever as far as the aircraft that did not make an appearance yesterday if you notice the second time that I caught it caught it caught the sound it was from the right side to the left and it was a clear sky and there was nothing to be seen I wish I started the camera before I did on the first time because it got really loud like it was right above us and the sky was clear and it was really loud and really fast My grandmother on my mother's side and my grandfather on my father's side both died of lung cancer in their early 60s. They were both smokers and could not stop when they were diagnosed. Follow the advice of their advertising material and the cops will hassle you.

Who is the Froot Loop? The vegetarian meal that I had the other day is the only vegetarian option in all of Conungra for a hot meal. And it is $4 more expensive than the meat alternative.

How many vegetarians do you think are in Conungra? How many people do you think care about the roadkill that they inflict with their cars?

Meat is murder.

You must first look into the eyes of your prey before you eat it. If you are to eat it, you must catch it and murder it with your own two hands. A vehicle is not an acceptable weapon of choice. You have to look it in the eyes while you do it.

If you hit an animal with the weapon that you call a car, then you are responsible to help it. If it is dead, then you are responsible to take it into its natural environment and give it a proper burial.

Then you need to ask God and the animal for forgiveness. Follow steps 1 through 3, which I presented earlier.

If you do not do this, then you will be held fully responsible for the murder before your soul is judged. If you have done this in the past and not followed these steps, then you have a lot of soul searching to do to find your redemption. Similarly, if you have done wrong in your past and not yet paid for those sins, then I recommend you do that now before your judgement. Because it is only warriors who are judged by their own sword.

You are judged by the best of theirs. I had to learn a method to articulate and convey my intuition. This was the best that I could do. There is no land available in Australia for homeless people.

Everything is really easy from here on out. I don't have to order much and everything that I do have to order is all there, ready to be just renamed this is what I have left to do not that that's all archive stuff and then I have this 27th to 29th then I have over here and then I have what's left in this camera and I gotta change the SD card out after this is finished which that should be finished in the morning and then start uploading this and I can't forget about what I did today either so I guess we're done here I have a lot of work ahead of me as I have an election to lose and I am about to perform an amazing feat. That is release the rest of this show before the election finishes. I know that in a previous episode that I said that I would not bow, but I have reconsidered as the circumstances have changed. I hope you enjoyed Independence Year for Kids.

So now I give not only to Ash, my beautiful Ash, but every human out there in the world a real kiss. Happy birthday to all of my human brothers and sisters of heaven.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



08-Independence-Year-4-Kidz-Episode-63-The-Making-Of

The making of, they ignored. I got them right by getting off them. This is how I did it. They never responded to any of my concerns. Here's your making of. Can't feel my hands.


༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
https://republicka.life
https://kkk.education
CC0 PUBLICKÁ DOMÁNIA
ALL LOVE RESERVED
AMORIARIACKA IS MY NATIVE TONGUE
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻