༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
👧 Dear Ashley 👧
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻

February 14, 2014


Valentine’s Day originated as a Christian feast day around 496 CE when Pope Gelasius I declared February 14 to honor Saint Valentine, a third-century Roman priest who, according to legend, defied Emperor Claudius II by secretly marrying young soldiers after weddings were banned. This religious holiday was intentionally placed in mid-February to potentially replace Lupercalia, an ancient Roman pagan fertility festival. The day did not become associated with romance until the 14th century, when English poet Geoffrey Chaucer first linked Saint Valentine’s Day to courtly love and the springtime mating of birds in his literature. This romantic association inspired people to exchange handwritten love notes during the Middle Ages, which eventually evolved into the mass-produced cards, chocolates, and floral traditions of the 19th-century Industrial Revolution that define the modern commercial holiday.


------


09-Dear-Ashley-E01-Lament-Of-Orpheus

It's been hanging out here for a while, I love friends, I'm getting lots of fun now that I've done this. Dear Ashley, in case you do not know yet, my name is Wendell Charles NeSmith, and I am here to teach you music, lights, camera, action. I've sown the seeds now watch them flower

I'm in my tent and he's coming down to check me out

like brown. I don't have my other light on me. This is the best I can. This is amazing. It's going through the garden. It's bad but this guy's big. In the TV show Independence Year for Kids I publicly declared war on Australia and don't worry I told all the right officials about it too and they didn't do anything so I then obtained

this land acquired it and called it a Thedon and now I live in a beautiful garden given to me to take care of by her and in doing this I stuck my flag in the ground and then called for a peace treaty so I'm putting my pond here and And Patriot is helping me find all the bad guys. We met on Australia Day, and we've hung out a lot since. It's a really cool kookaburra. I've never had one befriend me like this, so it's really cool.

And I'm learning lots and lots about music, so that's what I'm doing with all my time, because you're seeing time lapses.

I guess a good song to go with this would be Eye of the Tiger. but i'm not showing you everything i'm doing a lot of work so i can teach you how to be a bard that was the day that i released both living neverland the book and tree of life the feature film what do you think it is that i'm making yesterday patriot laughed after I did some research I found out that that means that they're calling out to other kookaburras to tell them where they live I got a new friend make this one of many there's already a lot of animals that live here lots lots of really cool ones there's even a snake here that comes time to time and it's big and it's hard to capture footage because it comes in dark and this camera's not that good with dark the first day he came here she assigned him the duty to protect her just like that happens with all the creatures of God that enter this garden he knows what I mean he sings somewhere in between F sharp and F but closer to F sharp in the movie tree of life I proposed a performing arts education platform but it has evolved and it's a lot better now and it will actually teach you how to make music from your heart instead of learning it imitating it so it'll teach you how to be a creator instead of an imitator and the other system was good and if you want to do that I mean I'll still give you a degree for that because that's a lot of work but I'm still gonna do that over time not the way I proposed it but I'm gonna learn all these songs because these songs are really close to my heart but at the end of the day I got so many in my head that I just want to come out so so very soon you know I'm going to be making my own stuff but but all the songs that I proposed in cards and stuff like that instead of doing it that way I'll just I'll just play the songs when they're on my heart when I'm making these films what do you think oh oh you're so cute you're so beautiful oh you're so beautiful i love you love you so much

two by two i'll bring you to your owner named by athena herself himself this time

maybe i do not have a human family but i have a natural one two by two Para, Para, Paradise, Para, Para, Paradise, Para, Para, Paradise, Para, Para, Paradise. It was what was on the radio just now. Pandora, my radio. Now let's open her box.

I'll protect these ones. Nine olive seeds. This is what society eats.

They raise them from infancy in order to eat them.

A producer of food becoming the main menu.

Unless you're a professional, it's nearly impossible to tell their sex. But there are a few things that will give you signs. I think they're both girls these girls are so lazy and once life is placed in between the palms of your two hands then you have a responsibility and one must protect their new loved ones from those who want to eat them. If you've read the book Kensington Gardens then you will understand what's happening. Let's set

sell I never knew chickens could be so affectionate Kodak moment it's here do you see what this vine has done to this tree like it does to all the trees around here it's cool line when I put it as a wall as a border but it really messes up the growth of trees and other plants and then if they're healthy if they have healthy conditions then they still grow well but they just turn out deformed they strangle her carpenter ants they live in this log not for long it's apricot jam milk powder one hello mecca see she's buried deep there's the plants and they go all over this thing I wonder how big this tree base is there's a line right there that's where she started and the line just cut her off like here here you can see it there and i have to you know dig to the base so i can even find that vine uh she's got a big base look how that health like i bet you it's going to go down to there and that and i'll just have to put a circle around it but i'm not sure i got to figure out some of this stuff that looks confusing um this place is buried quite deep so i'm just going to keep going down it'll take a while but maybe i'll save her i'll save this whole place i've saved this whole place look what we've done like see i gotta i gotta see i'm making a ladder over there you can see the ladder um but i gotta make about that size branches and and these things are kind hard to break so yeah but but see I gotta worry about these things snapping off so that one might snap off I don't know when but I'm gonna maintain this whole tree so I'm gonna know like how weak everything is and I'll put the ladder probably right there and then I'm gonna take all this stuff down that's got caught from the vine. I've already taken like most of the vine down but you can see it's all dying now because I cut the base but it's all high up and it really does, the vine really kills me. I'm not over the worst of it but we'll see but this is what you can do to beautify something that people overlook because she was beautiful the whole time it's just no one maintained her. And private property, owning private property, and then sitting on it and doing nothing with it, that's just withholding it from homeless people who actually want to live lives that are not of government rule.

And even though we try our best, some things just weren't meant to be. i love you yang if it was me that crushed you then i am sorry i have never looked after chickens before so this is new to me coming to pay respects so i will bury you where i harvest my water may the tree take care of you in the afterlife you will forever be loved from life comes death it's just you and me now i'm sorry you want a wing you want warmth and protection and come to me crying every night wanting that and i feel bad if i can't give it to you and i give you that wing but when i'm asleep it's not a good idea you can't do it because i'm human you're a bird you're like light you don't weigh hardly anything look at your beautiful wingspan like you've got a brittle body you got to be careful you can't you can't sleep with me even when i don't want you to sleep with me you still end up finding a way to sleep with me and it's bad because you might die and i'm not sure if i did crush yang but it's likely and i'm sorry i'm sorry so you can't do that anymore we're gonna have to fix that and i know you want that but i can't provide you everything you want because i'm human and you're a chicken so sometimes in order to take care of the things we love in our life we have to ignore what they think they need smoking chicken and give them what they truly need we can't be the parent when we're adopting my parents still haven't learned this no more chickens in the tent. When you get Sookie, this right here is the best that I can do.

I'm producing this film right now. One must learn how to protect their loved ones from themselves.

I won't let her in the tent and she doesn't like that but she's using her wings now so she got up up on top of the tent, oh, just to annoy me about it.

It wants what the heart wants. The heart can't always get what it wants. The heart has to learn what it needs. Because when society is in its infancy

and we give in to its self-destructive demands, demands, then we risk its life, its longevity, its sustainability. An accidental yet highly beneficial discovery. I have a sink. Yay. Most of you are gone,

But now I will make the deal Even sweeter I will not crush this one I learned my lesson Let us shed our infant feathers Poseidon Hera Hestia Patriot Sometimes nicknamed Solomon Call Yin Demeter, Zeus, Mercury, Hephaestus, Athena, Apollo, Aries, Venus, one big happy family.

Mythology is non-fiction, and if you think otherwise, then you have highly misunderstood life now it's time to go out and find diana and bring her home i love you with all my heart ashley and i don't even know you we become what we do what type of musician do i want to become Merely imitating music does not make me a musician.

In order to understand the one God that we exist within, humans must subdivide its aspects. And we do this into 12 Olympians.

We also call these notes. They rule over us, whether we realize it or not. Zeus. Take two.

I'm alone. My whole life. All of it. I don't know what to do. Like, I play music and people don't like it.

So, like, I get kicked out of places. People don't like the way I comport my body and mind and spirit. So, I am not welcomed anywhere, so I have to flee to the wilderness.

But I live a better life than any of you.

I hope you enjoyed episode one of Dear Ashley. It's going to be long. God bless.

One big happy family.

I won't kill this one. I will train her to be a mother to orphans.

I can't play that role, and that's why I failed. I have to set up my life in order to be able to raise chickens, I'm a human, humans shouldn't do it, humans should have chickens to do it. Kronos, father of time, purifies the elements, and this enables Gaia, our mother, to flourish, and from her bones in which we threw behind us. Let's start at the altar. Cancer. Find the queen. Educate everybody.

She will give us another chance.

A real kiss.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



09-Dear-Ashley-E02-Epitaph-of-Seikilos

Drop your eggs. Don't worry. I'll destroy them for her. I am sorry. I have to purify this place.

I love you, Ashley. Previously on Dear Ashley. He's stuck. I'm gonna wrap him in my towel.

Take him outside. I got curious.

It's a bit different than normal. I wonder what he is. It's okay. It's okay. Free the mahi-mahi.

Stupid camera.

Plant these magic beans and they will grow.

Climb to the top and steal the golden chicken from the evil giant. And then teach our youth ancient music using scroll notes. C, C sharp, D, E flat, F, F sharp, G, A flat, A, B flat, just B. The alternative capital of Australia, and one of the most liberal places you can find in our entire world, won't let me teach music to our youth. Why? Because I do not have a fixed address.

There it is. Bang. Let's review what we have learned over the last three years in our sociological investigations into the collective health of Australia. The beginning of 2012 brought you the meaning of life. Starting from this exact location, it introduced you to the foundations

as well as the evolutional development of philosophy and what's about to happen. And it all did. Shortly after that, I went to Canberra in attempts to figure out how to legally live a lifestyle like this. I got nowhere with that.

Like, all of my efforts was put into it, and the government just ignored me with everything. And you can see that on camera, too, and it's funny. um but i created the the next course then which was my reflected death which investigated the sociological implications of why suicide occurs within our society and how we might be able to resolve it for everyone and then i almost committed suicide on cam camera and then i was admitted into a psychiatric hospital which they did really terrible things to me and at the end of it I won. I won and they cleared my mental health. The next course I investigate as to what

love could be. The divine manifestations and the human manifestations and the problems that uh pseudo love or or its opposite causes in our society and how we could fix it and that would actually you know induce us to live peacefully together which we don't do at all like we live in a scary world i was i'm i was homeless for a very long time i'm not homeless anymore i can say i'm not homeless anymore because this is my home maybe i don't have a fixed address but screw you If that's what you say I need to do to work or do whatever, which is what all of Australia does, like, oh, who's the crazy one? Who needs to go through their own system? Like, oh, okay, so that's when I released What is Love?

And I investigated the history of what we considered love to be or how we presented, how we touched on the topic of love because love is a topic that's so abstract within our world And people just, you know, they'll either just say it and don't even understand. That's what happens is people say it and they don't understand what they're talking about. It's just a word. They don't understand, you know, what goes along with that word.

And anything can then be passed by as love. So, you know, like we can do horrible things to people. We can live in a government that we know is screwed up and follow their rules and, you know, support those rules and encourage oppressive systems to dominate our lives, we can encourage our slavery within our society because that's what we're brainwashed to do. And that's what happens.

If you do not have a fixed address that Australia Post can send mail to in which you reside, Then Australia will do everything that it can to make you live a life of suffering. I had purchased Dr. Horrible's singalong blog a few years ago on iTunes. Yesterday I watched it again.

I'm a villain, at least in Australia. I'll be a superhero in any country that likes my material, but I'll be a villain here in Australia because they're all fucked up. The truth is the truth. And it hurts. And because they did not want to resolve their major problems that inflict lives of suffering on their minorities, I will spend the rest of my life rubbing their noses in it.

I no longer live in that terrible country. Welcome to Athetan. Right now, the entire country is under this tree. But look around you, my friends. Its borders will continue to expand as long as this keeps beating.

Athetan grows organically. To expand its borders, here is what is required. Citizenship is available to all open source teachers, in which the president will personally assist you to make your own paradise. but we must first plant the right seed. Grassroot? Why would you want grass,

thyme, or another floor covering? Grass? You need a mower. Like why are we using engines? They're like really loud and they pollute our planet. They disturb

everybody like in usually a kilometer or two radius. Like what are we doing? this won't be grassroots we'll call it time that's what we'll call it right there and then some strawberries right there I am planting over 120 rare heirloom mostly purple royal seeds that are all high yield and both in the field of food and health and this whole area is just I'm just going to expand so like once I fill up this with veggies I'm just going to go out and out and out and keep on doing it and as they produce fruit I'm just going to fill up bags every day every day or almost every day um and take them into town that country called australia who starves their people literally metaphorically and allegorically and i'm going to try to feed feed their hungry because the government they do just the opposite they starve them so atheden is a country that is based off this and that other country that is you know we're actually kind of within it uh we gotta we gotta help them um and we gotta do that for free we and we don't even want to use their money we'll use their money to get all these uh these things we need and and then we'll stop using their money because their money is what causes their own starvation um maybe maybe after we get our basic necessities and and set up everything around here to to be self-sustaining and uh and self-sustaining other people too then maybe that they will you know get fit enough to be able to fight against their oppressive government um because they're all weaklings right now like oh it's really bad it's a really sad thing to see so you know feed them and maybe one day they'll be strong enough to actually protect themselves against their government let's connect to the grid but right after presenting my vision on feeding the people for free the fairy tale will be turned into reality the awful truth i have been in nimbin for the majority of the last three years and the locals are now getting curious about who i am Well, maybe not who I am, but where I live.

People have even tried to follow me home.

Kronos.

People do not think that it is fair that I am a freeloader and do not pay for accommodation while they do. Some of those people intend on exposing me because, of course, I have nothing at all to contribute to society. Its image as a green town that is trying to save the world is a mask. In truth, it is a town that is both owned and controlled by the most of capitalists who saw an opportunity in the 1970s when a lot of people started selling weed, despite the law against that.

Cops couldn't do anything if everybody's doing it and continues to do it even if they get caught. What could we do with this? Put your thinking cap on. All the weed that is sold here is immature. That means that it does not bear seeds. Think

about it. I have never obtained a seed in any of my care packages purchased here in Nimbin what is wrong with this picture you're not doing that how can we make a small town such as this extremely profitable i said earlier on in this episode that once i harvest i would go into Nimbin every day or every other day to give food out but i can't do that so what i gotta do is find people I trust and and then distribute through them and they can distribute it for free to those who need it it's a big problem I'm starting to stick out like a sore thumb because I'm really excited about everything that all this is going to be and and I'm telling those who I think might be interested in in obtaining this free food, especially those who kind of live, you know, isolated lives or lives that, you know, aren't what the government wants because those are the people that end up getting pushed out, you know, those are the people that end up getting pushed out of the systems, like, you know, I can't go to the community center and teach music because I don't have an address, stuff like that. You know, there's a lot of people in Nimbin that are homeless, and the reason for that is because, not because there's not enough land, but because the land is owned, and it's all regulated, a lot of people are sitting on land, and there's no accommodation here, you can't find accommodation, the most you can find, you can find some wolfing spots, so people that want you to work for them. And the thing is that, you know, I've done this on multiple occasions, and what happens is they want you to do things the way they want to do it.

And if it doesn't work out, then you're the one that's going to get in trouble for it, and that's not cool. Like, you've got to give people the resources in order to allow them, to enable them to do things themselves. If it doesn't work out, it's a learning process. Give the resources so it's all possible to work out and allow them to work it how they want. For example, I said in Tree of Life, the movie which introduced this TV show, I said that I would take a course on growing anything.

and and I haven't even I haven't touched that course and I don't think I will I don't think I'm going to to watch it or anything you know I've been obsessed with music so I've been learning lots of music but but at the end of the day this garden is for the survival of the fittest and and I'll you know research the plant and see how it wants to grow and then as it grows or as all the plants grow then I'll see you know what they like and what they don't like for example the beans there uh those beans didn't say that they climbed up stuff they didn't say that i needed sticks or something for them to climb up um but i found that out because they kept following they kept snapping so now i have something for them to climb up and and they'll they'll do that so like i'm learning from the plants and i think it's better for me to learn by doing and then and then learning what it wants and and if it doesn't want to be in this garden then it doesn't have to i'm planning lots and lots of stuff i mean and the thing is is that i can't do a lot with it you know i can't i don't really want to set up a reticulation system and like nature we got to trust nature uh a seed like it's not human made uh why why do we have to i mean we just got to enable the conditions for it to grow and if we you know i got a few goes so if i fell a few times you know i'm get each each time i get seeds i get enough to have a few goes with it um so you know it'll always come back um and if i can't plant it if it doesn't plant then who cares because i got all this other stuff and and then i'll have room for some other stuff that i'll give a chance to as well i'm gonna give a chance i'm gonna spend the rest of my life um learning plants and and planting things uh planting them lots of different types uh so like i'm gonna everything everything i'm gonna try to find everything this is this whole area is gonna be a seed bank and and not only because i have seeds but because it has living plants that produce seeds and that's how we save the world like what we're doing now that's terrible that's that's evil that's a sin an unforgivable one the only reason i've been able to do all this is because i'm not paying rent which gives me money to spend on investments that will have long-term results so instead of paying rent i'm saving the world and all of this stuff that i am buying is setting me up to never have to leave this garden and i must protect the thrush's nest from humans despite my lifetime of training in martial arts i have been a pacifist for all of my adult life but when one discovers a cause much grander than themselves then they fall in love and when they love something or someone they will protect it her with their lives if someone tries to take this property away from me i will kill them and if i get put in jail or whatever and you're watching this and this property's been taken away from me and my words speak to you speak to your heart and if i'm in jail or whatever then it's now your duty to track down whoever did it and kill them and if it's a collective then you got some mass murders to do When the fruits of our own two hands is constantly taken away from us, this is called oppression. And if a peaceful revolution does not solve the problems, then the only solution is a violent war. this is the truth but the war needs to come from the people not any collective organization and you need to fight against your government the one that enforces capitalism the one that sells the land and enables others to buy the land that wasn't theirs to begin with how can we own something that was there before us like we come from it it doesn't come from us in 2013 i ran for prime minister of australia but the australian government suppressed me i then declared war on them claimed this territory as athedan a new country notified all officials about it told everybody. Everybody ignores me. They think I'm crazy. And then I call it a peace treaty after

I developed this country. But if you invade it, we have a war on our hands. An international one might take some time. Just wait. My material's not going anywhere. You dig your own grave,

australia idiots something beautiful called a screenshot happy valentine's day my love i hope this is helping you see the light it comes from the light



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



09-Dear-Ashley-E03-RMS-Titanic

previously on dear Ashley it's time to change our society to the harmless alternative this is how humans exploit the land in which sustains them real work the work of a man last one what is hard work grassroots okay so this is the third human item that has been excavated okay wonder how old that is sprite really old looking sprite the other one was a beer bottle that was found like right there and here's the third one someone was here a long time ago so that's like a tarp a really old tarp and there's pieces of it around that was my wall so i wasn't the only person that enjoyed this place but i'm by far the most green it's not sprite it's spritz Zeus. I'm going to keep this one because it's clear and there's nothing living in it and it looks really old and cool so I'll do something with it. I probably put citronella in it. This place has a big mosquito problem for about two hours per night. We got a big helicopter problem in this town too and we got a lot of chemtrail problems too and airplane problems. You know it is New South Wales like in this area like

around this area that's uh that's created the biggest ozone hole in all of our planet so you can thank us for doing that for you australia and new zealand like the airplane pass between there yeah we don't care we we'll just use the same routes again and again and again and screw up our atmosphere because that's what we do we're australian yeah she'll be right mate we'll just kill the whole planet yeah should be right we sit and pray for rain but this time with the soil prepared for it to never thirst again gravity goes down foundations mites i think they invaded my tent and they're like microscopic almost and it's going to be very troublesome to get rid of them this guy just got stuck in my tent and i saved him he really made me want to kill him though he's really annoying this popped up overnight Alright, is this hard work? What about this? They're going to cut me up. They're going to cut me up. They're going to cut me up. They're going to cut me up.

The charger for the electronic cigarette never worked, so I'm waiting on replacement in the mail. So I've been going cold turkey for two days now. This, my friends, is salvia apeena. White sage. No nicotine. It's beautiful too. We gotta move soon. The bond was approved. It's time to childproof our philosophy.

foundation so close yet so far this is what mites do a lot of times they get in here and I'm not sure if it's a chick or my or just a mole and I don't care I still scratch it off because I don't want anything living in my hair so a consequence of having beautiful hair and not just shaving it is constantly having owies in it. Where is the heart? I will show you heart. It's somewhere in here. Darn. It happened while I was putting rosin on it. I don't know how to fix it yet.

There's a music store. I'll check. I don't have any money though. So I purchased this and it turned out to be three quarters, which is for the ages of like 10 to 12. And I was very happy

with that because I like turning small things into very powerful things. So this bow that I got, this new one, and it cost me $20, but I didn't have the money now, so they let me pay for it next week. I went to the music shop and got one, and that was really nice of them to let me do that so I can continue practicing because I'm getting pretty good. But I even like it better than the one I had this is smaller though this bow is smaller so I'm not sure if it's like one half or something like that but but I really like turning something small like a harmonica you know I got the world's smallest one you've seen it on my my keychain I like turning it into something that can make beautiful music and that's metaphorically and allegorically as well as literally.

Um, so, so, why can't we, you know, look at the things that we throw away, uh, wrong way, look at the things that we throw away, and, and, you know, consider why are we throwing this away, um, you know, why, what are we doing, what are we doing, how stupid are we, like, really, why can't we just take the things in our life, and, and make them into something amazing because we're we're not doing that right now uh we're consuming way more than we can produce we're not using what's already there we're purchasing new and we need to look at you know all the stuff around us you know what's not being utilized and and what can i take take it and what can i make it um let's recycle let's learn how to sustain ourselves let's not get into this consuming thing that we we have a terrible thing before me i'm carrying like 20 liters of water on me

this is the work of a man bang bang bang the work of a real man branches will fall

how much do we resemble nature if we're not part of it and we're destroying it Why would it be a surprise that it would destroy you? Surprise! It's going to be fun, I'm looking forward to it, you should too. It's coming your way, it's called the end times!

We need water. How did someone get into a position like me? I started when I was born but I guess I'll tell you from the most significant event and that was my ex-wife leaving me and this happened Easter Monday 2010 and what she did was she told all her friends which are inherently my friends to stop talking to me. So I was in Western Australia and had no family besides hers, and then I became completely isolated.

And she knew exactly what she was doing.

But she stopped talking to me too, so I haven't talked to her since. I tried. I tried to fix the marriage. I tried to do everything that I thought was my responsibility.

But at the end of the day, it didn't work out.

But this leads me to the next story, and that's about the violin. The violin is the closest Western instrument that we have to the human voice. So A equals 440 right now. Remember that.

We've got a lot of learning to go through. But A equals 440 is our standard tuning frequency. What we'll learn later is there's different types. You can do A equals 432 hertz, and those really are the two types we'll be focusing on.

But violin has always interested me, and really, it's soft nature. It's loud nature I've never been a fan of, but kind of it's fiddle. like i don't know it's hard to say because there's certain songs that the violin just melts my heart and um and there's others that kind of just annoys me so i guess what you'll be getting with me with the violin is is the pieces that i think it sounds most gentle on because i'm a very gentle person and the instruments that we utilize in this life need to reflect the bearer so everything that you utilize needs to be an extension of yourself and you need to learn all the notes off every single instrument that comes in contact with you and that way you can play the most beautiful music whether you're literally playing music or not but the interesting thing about this violin which I got a short story before I'll tell you that because you'll have to hear that story before you understand this but about six or seven months after Jenna left me that was her name Jenna at Jenna.com that's G-E-N-N-A-H so she she dumped me and then I didn't know what to do and I had some friends um really just people that felt sorry for me that took me in and and I see I do this what I'm talking about right now is what I do with my life What I talk about all the time is what I do with my life, and there's nobody in my life who likes to do those sorts of things, so everybody keeps me at distance.

Ultimately, I'm searching for you, Ashley, who will have all the same and similar passions, and then we can sync up our passions. Similarly, how I'm syncing up with nature here, maybe I started a little bit late, And the soil isn't, in some parts where it's growing, the soil isn't the best how I want it to be at the end. But now, since I got this axe, I can cut away all these roots and I can do a lot of good stuff. But back to this story.

So I went back to America because I thought, hey, maybe my family will accept me. Maybe they'll want me back. maybe they'll they'll accept me into their own society that they go that they have going on um but but that's not the way it worked um because i left and and there's lots of problems and what ended up happening was i was designated drive driver for i i paid no one wanted me so then i paid for a ticket back to australia and i didn't know where to go because i had no one in life so i chose melbourne and the reason i chose melbourne was just because the artsy thing going on there which is it's all all a mask like every single location in australia that has a reputation um is a mask for underneath which is nothing because no one does anything in australia because everybody's too lazy like hey i might spend a day on this violin and that makes me a a violin player um and that's not the way it works you got to get obsessed with it like i'm not a violin player until i get obsessed with this until it becomes an extension of my own body until i can make it do exactly what i want with it um but back to the story because i got lots more to tell you about this violin but but i was designated driver for this going away party but not party it was like it was me and two of my adopted brothers um wanted to have some drinks with me but i was a decent day driver so that was ironic really because they all act crazy when they drink like it's the same in australia except in america it's more they're violent and they want to kill you um maybe they want to fight they really want to fight in america and wanting to fight a trained martial artist not a good idea um so i was driving back like we didn't even leave town like it was i was driving for like a minute and then one of my brothers told me that that um that while i was driving he would pop me in the back of the head and hopefully i get a concussion and it's like that's not cool like and the thing is i'm nice to everybody so that's beside the point but the thing is i went i i parked uh i i i went on the side of the street and i parked there in a in a parking spot um and and then it was it was mostly like it was on the it was the side of the street parking um and i'm just i'm telling i'm emphasizing this because this is important um because you'll come back to it but it was on the side of the street and it was a parking spot there was other cars there too um but what happened is i just walked back and that yeah that took me like six hours to walk back from where i was instead of you know 45 minutes driving or something um but i'm not taking that crap like i'm being nice by being designated driver and and to you know to not know if i'm gonna get popped in the back of the head while i'm driving that's not cool so um so i just walked i just walked i just parked like i stayed calm not doing this sorry gave the keys back and then and then they were both drunk like really really drunk and and I told them not to drive or whatever but it doesn't matter like it's not my problem you're not gonna tell you're not gonna threaten to pop me in the back of the head and stay in the car um but but I was I walked back and then and then they came back like so it took me like six hours they came back like eight hours later um and and then they were really really drunk but really really angry at me and and they said that the car got towed um because it was in the middle of the road because i left it in the middle of the road and and and the thing is that travis one of my brothers popcorn kernel travis owed me money for both the laptop and the car which i sold him and since his brotherly thing and you know in the family yeah um that's how you do it so so his car got towed because they couldn't drive it i mean they were off their face and they ended up in the middle of the road somehow and um and then they they forced me out of the house so they taunted me and they were screaming at me and telling me I'm useless don't deserve to live there's a reason why I don't have anybody in my life there's some really really horrible things and I just locked my door and they were trying to kick it in and then they were wanting to fight me and then it was really bad but but pretty much I got forced pretty much I mean exactly I got forced out of that house so here's me three weeks to go until I go to Melbourne, and then I get kicked out of the house. So I was fortunate enough to, my brother was on vacation somewhere, my biological brother, my only biological brother. It's a wallaby. But he was on vacation, ironically visiting

a girl that I set up with him, that he's now married, happily married with. So I had the car his car um so i took that car and and i kind of just drove it around and i'm like i kind of just drove to a spot because i didn't have much i didn't have the fuel you know i didn't want to waste any of this fuel but i went to i went to friends and then got kicked out of friends i was just trying to stay somewhere for a few weeks until until you know i was going back to australia and then people thought i was weird for doing that but the thing is i had nowhere to go like my parents didn't want me um i mean there was problems within there and if you look back on the productions you'll know because there's more than that to it um but this that story was what was relevant to what you just uh what i'm about to explain now but before i left i bought a violin it was a blue one and i got it on ebay for like 80 or 90 dollars um i was so happy because I had a violin, but when I became homeless, obviously Travis didn't pay me back after that point, because once he kicked me out, then he could stop looking at me and stop feeling that he owed me anything, and apparently me leaving the car in the middle of the road was grounds to not pay me back any of the over $600 that he owed me, but Either way, I ended up in Melbourne with four bags, four really big bags, without anywhere to go. But the first stop was the Salvation Army Benz, and I went through what I could. I ended up with two bags, and I had this violin, this blue violin, like this, except it was blue.

And I didn't train it yet, so I didn't know, you know, I wasn't good with it yet. So I couldn't, you know, and I didn't have a place to get good with it, so I just, I sold it, the first night I was there was at the train station, it was like 10 o'clock or something, I sold it for 50 bucks, and then, and then the guy that I sold it to told me not to buy drugs, it's like, oh, like people don't realize the situation, they'll just judge, and apparently the way everybody judges is exactly what they're thinking, so everybody's always right when they judge someone um especially when they're wrong about it then that makes them really right because then they have to stand up for themselves because otherwise they'd be wrong and that would just be wrong so i had to sell it and and i never got good at it uh more popcorn popcorn kernels um but but here's the thing is i used to play this for a few months um in my childhood i think three or four months um maybe two months you know i did the twinkle twinkle little star thing and all that crap um but the thing is i shared it with my brother and and my family thank you very much for like the only one of the only good things my parents did was introduce me to lots of instruments um so so you know i understand how instruments work and i just gotta you know learn the notes on the instruments and and get tuned with them and and then i'm good with the instrument um just got practice practice practice practice get obsessed with it for a while and then i'll be really good at it um but well i couldn't do this obviously in melbourne um so and when i was a kid my parents didn't realize they weren't none of neither of them were musicians and they didn't realize that a musical instrument is something very personal um especially one that you carry around like a piano see they they were stuck on the piano the piano is the you know be all end all and you know a piano is good for us to learn from in that but you know it's a piano it's i'll leave it at that uh and and i did piano for like six or eight years um classical when i was young too so yeah i know what i'm talking about uh but but this is a very personal instrument and to share this with someone is not very smart and the thing is we had a harmonica too and i didn't use it why because this was me and my brother's harmonica and not really me and my brother's harmonica every instrument that we got was the whole family's and of course my parents didn't use it but but when it's the whole families and uh and you're really sharing something like this you know and not only that like the way they teach you like our music teachers they're so stupid like i need to be good with this i need to you know i don't want to care you know if this drops if i break this then then oops i should get another one or i should figure out how to fix it I don't want to be like, this right here, this is my friend, this is my friend, and I should be able to treat it as my friend. I need to be able to feel it, I need to be able to feel it, because I'm not going to be able to feel it, if I can't feel it when I'm not playing music, then I won't be able to feel it when I'm playing music. So that was a big problem, I could never get attached to an instrument because the instruments were always shared, and what you need to do, get whatever instrument you want, get multiple instruments, all the instruments that are here, get them, but you need to get them for you, and the thing is you can't let people use them, especially when you get interesting um instruments there's people going to be hey let me try it can i play it okay can i give it no no no sorry it's you know you you're the one that tunes it you're the one knows it in and out and and that needs to be your instrument i guess i've taught a lot 16 minutes now but but that's oh you see see that just went on tune it just went pop i'm not sure if i caught that on camera there you go so i gotta tune that again i'm gonna use just um there's different types of tuning equal temperament is the western one that we can use to uh to transpose keys so i can play the same song in a different key as you um but the thing is you lose a lot of uh you lose you lose the perfect fifths and we'll go on about that like i'm gonna teach you all this like this is going to be four seasons for a reason um and but but the thing is since this is what we use you need to learn both so i'm going to teach you our modern day uh approach to music and i'm going to teach you kind and really mostly an ancient way but a modernized ancient way of music that that i learned best from um like everything that collected that you know just has pretty really fast practical application to understanding certain bits of the direction that I'm trying to go with my music career leads me to be able to present something to you that will be most effective and that's what I'm really trying to achieve out of all this is to be able to give you something where it's really easy for you to learn music and all you got to do is get obsessed the instrument and then watch the productions and and not only that like yes use me to learn from primarily because i'm giving you all the direction um but but you need to use everything so there was 10 lessons for how to play the violin on the internet 10 lessons you know it's just talking about the basics um i took that course uh the liar there's there's this really awesome guy uh who who actually plays his name is michael levy or levi and he plays really interesting and complex music like most music is just so basic but his music is complex and and i have to really study it uh i can't i can't play like him yet um and to be honest i'm not gonna play like him i'm gonna play like me but but to make it for it to be difficult for me to play like him um there's something there that that needs to be investigated and he's a really talented musician um you know he's teaching for free on the internet um they're the harmonica guy as far as the harmonica you know how like i was doing the f sharp thing like the overblows and the underblows and um the the draw like it was that i just stick to the chromatic and the reason for that is is i'm i want to get the same tones consistently you know that bluesy i'm not i'm not the bluesy type that's not like doing doing these um these bends to make these notes differently change the output sound quite significantly and with the chromatic you're getting the same thing again and again and again and and you can do the intervals you can do the same it's and the thing is it's so easy like it's really hard for most people chromatics are really hard for most people because you got to press that button um the thing is like i got lots of buttons here to press too like we got buttons on every single thing that we that we play um like just think about it in the right way you'll find the buttons um but but that's see like yo with the harmonica without the chromatic lever uh like that's the way to go because it's so easy and you can just start breathing in and out and then create blues and go yeah yeah yeah but you know is that is that what music is about like so i'll end this little part you know this episode's almost done just because of this 20 minute talk but it's it's something i've been needing to do and i kind of haven't been doing other things i've been practicing a lot on this but i kind of haven't been doing other things um with this because i've been wanting to tell you about all this uh so now that's done but i'll end with telling you about you know getting this bow so i got like a i got like a kid's violin here and i got you know and even it's not the same bow that came with it like you know you saw the other ones now so this is even a smaller bow like so i think this is like three fourth violin violin um and i think this is probably one half or something but i like it i like it a lot i'm glad i got this and i'm glad i got this i like the sizes of everything that i got um but the thing is is that i was testing i said can i test this he goes yeah sure go for it and i'm not gonna play for you now because i'm not where i need to be with the notes and stuff like that yeah i am but but the thing is i'm trying to i need to be smooth and i gotta get the scratchiness out of my plane before I can perform anything for you so so that's where I'm waiting from but but the thing is like I was playing um my heart will go on remember Titanic what's happening right now like it's not my ship it's Australia we're sinking and what what he said what he said to me I didn't even get to finished the sentence the musical sentence of the first part of of my heart will go on all i wanted to do was play that little first part so i'm talking 10 seconds right and i got through about maybe four seconds of it and then he he tells me to stop and then he says to save his ears and he goes you know the violin i'm in a musical shop by the way you know the violin you know that scratchy sound and he goes all beginners and but like i'm not a beginner um maybe i am at the violin and i take his point there but but here is the problem whether i'm a beginner or not is irrelevant in order to play this violin in order to play this harmonica in order to to give you all that i'm about to give you in order to play my lyre in order like there's more coming to that you don't know about yet but but the thing is in order to get good enough with all this to give my my feats my abilities my love my heart to the entire world look what i had to do with my life so we got anything is all all throughout my work i've been trying to say you know these environmental conditions aren't aren't suitable for me to get where i need to be in life And here's the conditions that I need. Let's go to Canberra. Let's present it to the government. Let's not only explain all of this theoretically, but let's explain it practically. And the thing is, is they know this.

So when you have someone that's, you know, talented, obviously a future star, and then you're saying you're not allowing them the conditions to be able to support themselves, you're not allowing them, you can see their abilities and how they are tuned in the way they're going to develop, and you're not allowing them to develop. um because because you know no matter where you go you get kicked out people don't want to listen to music um especially when you're when you're obsessed with it trying to get you know really good trying to get close with it because the thing is you shouldn't be thinking about playing good music you should think about the hitting the notes then you should like you should be working one at a time um getting faster like uh getting clear notes you shouldn't care about the way you sound until you're good um but society doesn't like this and and now you know bravo as you heard with the harmonica my heart will go on and you know what i say you know fuck you you didn't give me the conditions i needed to to be able to give you a an awesome performance so i had to to go within myself away from all of you um suffer as a result of it and and then train train myself really hard away from you and then i can come back to you and and then give you an awesome performance and then you're going to go bravo because you're an idiot but you don't realize that the only reason i couldn't do that for you for a long long time for yeah the only reason was because you wouldn't you know provide me the conditions that are required for me to become a talented musician uh to give you this this this life this content and this is me yeah maybe i'm stupid enough to go live in the wilderness to do it all um but but there's not many people out there that are so how many people do we have out there that you know have the potential that i do but you know just don't have the audacity you really really don't have have the circumstances behind them to ingrain a character that can do like i've done so we got some problems there this is a you know almost a 26 minute section of this video look we just finished this episode sorry i was gonna play another song for you um but i don't think i can so i hope you enjoyed there was that was long okay sorry thanks for listening



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



09-Dear-Ashley-E04-Arrest-Of-A-Prophet

previously on Dear Ashley. This is how the locals treat her. Welcome to Open Source University. I live under a tree to hide from humans and if it one day kills me then that my friends is going down in history. After all these years

of Australia not providing the necessary conditions for me to fix my teeth it's time my little bug catcher the results of go one and think about this my lights on this side of the camera so I can't see it I'm gonna come back to it yay I I fixed my teeth in 20 minutes and the dentist won't do that bang here in Australia we sell lives thank you God untouched but they like to leave things open exposed because cops don't care about people at all I was just arrested treated less than human during that process and then charged there was a lot of mistakes during the arrest which they were not happy about acknowledging and there was a lot I'll get to it I'll get to it all This just happened But I got a court date now, and this is for episode 2 song of sea cloths So that's the episode that I'm getting charged for by the youth organization That I was trying to volunteer for to teach music, but they wouldn't let me because I didn't have a fixed address dress. Yay, this is going to be awesome because I just started this TV show and now I got a court case on my hands. And the thing is, is that all of my work has been revolved around backing myself up for a court case and not just one. And you think that one case, like there's a lot of cases within each production and each production leads to other productions you think dear ashley is what this is all about man you got to look at my work dear ashley is a practical application of everything that i said and it's all coming true and if you look carefully at everything that i've done that i've given you you can see that i predicted all this yay i'm going to be revealing all these details over the next few hours but I got to figure out how to do it because a lot just happened and oh boy that did my head in a lot because when your rights are taken away they tell you straight up that you're not you don't have any rights that they take that away and and they can do whatever you want and then they say you can't do this and I go well I just did I'm doing it again doing it again and they're like wait you can't I just did what are gonna do i just like oh we it's really done my head in so i'm sorry i'm flustered about it because i just i was there for like six or seven hours um locked up in a tiny cell um that was six six foot by well let me 1.8 meters by one meter and it was freezing and i kept on requesting a a jacket or something because they took me off the streets you know I was wearing this and then they have this freezing little cell and they wouldn't give me that and then I kept requesting water I like I needed water really bad what happened was when I got arrested they gave me a form that told me my rights but the thing is the form said you are not under arrest you are free to leave at any time and I go this doesn't sound right because they just put me in cell and told me that I was arrested and being charged and and they may sound really bad so then like I should have kept it I shouldn't have told them but I go you sure this is right and the thing is they quickly took it away like then they gave me in the right one and then I kept saying oh I kept saying again and again for them or kept requesting for them to write down the number of the form so I could research it later and they wouldn't do it and I And I kept on, like, because the memory, like, I wanted it documented.

I document anything that seems out of the ordinary. And then they even called, I got, a few days ago, I got in contact with a guy from Nimbin Law, David from Nimbin Law. And he doesn't even want to touch the case. So there's Nimbin's heart.

We're exposing it all, yay. And then another guy wasn't interested in the case either. So, like, I've had two rejections about this case. and and I'm just gonna represent myself and I can speak better than any of them anyway so why would I want to rely on that the only thing is is it looks not one person you know all this crap has happened to me and I'm one person what am I supposed to do I'm one person none of you guys are backing me up I'm risking my neck I'm risking my life every day I'm risking everything every single day for for you to teach to teach the world to teach the world for free to open up new pathways for for minorities that that are psychologically brilliant but aren't given the opportunities in in our current societal structures and and that's what I'm doing but the thing is society doesn't want this because these people that you know think like me they don't want them to be brilliant because then they end up doing amazing things and and those amazing things conflict with the mainstream propaganda crap that that's being fed to you uh but there was so many things in in that whole process that was just way out of line but but uh it was the same as the psychiatric ward it was it was the same as the psychiatric ward it was just a different suit which is really really sad you know now i'm experiencing it all that's what god god said wendell i brought you into this life um i'll take everything away from you and i'll make you experience everything that this life at least in these environments that your place have to offer and i'll make you experience it to the fullest um so that's what happened and that's what created my character uh maybe being able to reference using the internet like a memory stick um whenever i need to reference Whenever there's important information I document it and I document it like this But I document it in a fun way that that's also important to other people if it's important to me It's important to other people trust me. It is look at it. Um

And and the thing is there's so many things I need to say About all this but then if I just say it all then It won't be receptive to you. So I got to figure out how how to approach this topic and and and I kind of I've been preparing for this you know I've here's the thing I've emailed over the past like I've been kind of scared since I released on February 14th on Valentine's Day I've been kind of I've been hiding from the cops I don't I don't I don't and I can even see it I even saw it happen that's why I kind of I took video for you earlier um because you know I thought it might be me but but they caught me um so well they don't want someone like me around so they give me bail and and i have to check in with them all the time now so they got me on a leash uh and and my court case is next month it's in a month so i got a month to prepare all this and And the thing is that I'm preparing all my work because all my work is this same topic. And that's that you, the society, won't let me do what I'm built to do because of the way your systems are structured. And, for example, like all the questions, because I'm a very articulate person, And all the questions on that sheet, which we'll see later, because I open source everything.

But all the questions were, this guy's completely rational, everything. But then he goes, he was irrational when we were explaining to him our policies and procedures for arrest. And the thing is that this arrest was unlawful. It was unjust.

Look up the word, justice. this um they're putting a law over something that isn't the word which makes no sense like this is the justice department um they're they're enforcing corruptions that's what they're doing and and the policeman here's some quotes that were lovely that i get to now resonate back to you that that were said by by the authority figures by the constables including even more so most of them from the senior constable um so so we got just just move back to america just go why don't you just go back to america go back to america go back where you came from like those sort of comments were all throughout okay um we don't want you here in nimbin get out of nimbin after this is all over leave nimbin okay uh i got more i'm so exhausted that was really bad that was really bad you'll hear it all i just gotta think but but this is going to be a huge court case because this isn't a walk-in walk-out thing and the sad thing is is i think that that society i think that our justice system is going to make it that and they'll probably end up finding me and i'll have a record because they didn't want me it is really ironic because this is all about doing a police check and i got a perfect record so a police check is no problems but hey we don't want this guy to have a perfect record maybe maybe we can make him not even care if he got a police check because he doesn't have a perfect record anyway um and the thing is it's like these guys then do their research and or they have these research monkeys and and these monkeys you know extrapolate information from the interwebs so what they do is they go on my website and then search for key words throughout it and and then they say that this information so let's get you know a few paragraphs in a chapter in a book and and this we can use them as evidence in the court of the law because we don't have to understand the whole picture we can we can just extrapolate the things that we can then frame to be any way that we want so we can make this guy to be outside to be something that he's definitely not but but that's the way we do it in australia g'day mate welcome to australia we are the most oppressive country in the world oh where am i gonna end up am i gonna end up with her i don't think so like australia's gonna fuck me around watch it watch it and but but it's not like i don't have ammunition and the thing is mine's from an infinite source yours isn't here's the thing when a peace treaty is rejected that means that we are still in war as you can see that email was referring to the production the second episode of dear ashley song of cyclists but they didn't care about the content what what the reference was pointing to they only cared about the reference so the content that that stabilizes the reference because that email was only referring pointing to the production they didn't care about that like you can see it it's the first thing first thing i write there's nothing before it was just that and then and then i talk about the content related to that but they didn't care they just and it was obvious from their their speech that and their understandings of the situation that they didn't watch that um as they investigated me you could see they watched more and then they learned about ivory heart because someone's a few people actually are selling copies on ebay like a handful of people are selling copies on ebay and same with living neverland because the thing is is that my work accumulates and over time you know people find it without the any mainstream provider without the government without any publicity um being able to be obtained because the government doesn't want me like all those mainstream providers don't want my information but but since it's in society already it just expands and just expands and just expands and the thing is is that that i'm pretty sure you know most likely i'm gonna get a retarded jury who's not gonna understand who who's gonna just want to go home and and and that's going to set my fate i don't know what the outcome will be but either way it's going to be funny because i would have i would have jumped at this opportunity i this is a huge opportunity for me huge because no one's listening to me at all and and now people have to listen to me because because the few people who did listen to me um took me to court yay so i get to uh practically apply everything that i said and it seems i keep doing that but every time i get for i get i get a step further a step closer closer step closer step closer to where I need to be. Where do I need to be? I don't know. God will tell me that.

That's the end result. Here's where I'm working towards. I'm climbing the beanstalk. The police could not even tell me what I did wrong. It was one man that was acting for his

highest good, and that was apparently a communications problem. I forgot the terminology that they used, but pretty much no whistleblowing, no freedom of speech. If you speak the truth, which they did not nor could deny uh then that's enough to get charged and taken to court over yay gonna get a criminal record one that i'm proud of very proud yeah i was so tired just you know sitting on you know a perfect record like it's time to get a record for being a protester yeah just look at my productions I predict all this yeah one of two things could happen and both will end in the same result this is so funny and I do it this way I can hear myself and it's like a slight delay and it sounds so awesome let's shine the light a little bit closer here is my two offenses so So, apparently I did that from that email, and that from, I guess, the email, the production. Because the email is in reference to the production, and to not consider the production, which the email is referring to, is to be Australian.

i have never even met this woman before but i talked to her on the phone twice and the second time she hung up on me the first time i was just inquiring about how to teach music volunteer to do it and she referred me to the to get a police check which is no problems but the new south wells police check requires a fixed residential address and i couldn't provide that so i had to call up the motor department motor whatever like it's all bad um and they i talked to them for ages to see what i could do and they couldn't help me so in order to get a police clearance then you are required to have a fixed address so there's the details behind it and i called her up again um after getting nowhere with the the transport place and she didn't care that was it that was the end was oh you don't live how how society tells you to live that means that you can't work here you can't volunteer to give your gifts uh here at all because because you can't do this because the lifestyle that you live and to do that did not give other options to not try to figure out ways around that that's just evil that is plain evil and everyone i talked to about it including the cops don't deny that and now i have a restraining order against me awesome and look where they restrained me from no more skating and nimbus i don't know what this lady looks like i don't know her from anybody like she's just someone that that treated me terribly and then I included her terrible treatment in my production and then she has enough power somehow to put me through all of this including removing my access to not only her surroundings but the skate park too wow there's a problem there look closely and you will see what community has just rejected me okay so this one's actually incorrect and it says physical or mental but it was directed spiritually as far as this dennis the menace Let's look at who's involved here because these will keep coming around. Go away. Go away. Go away.

Okay, so... Apparently, stalk? Like, I contacted him twice. Okay.

Like, 30 seconds each time. Okay, so... He arrested me. That guy's the senior constable that was in charge of it.

That guy was my handler. The guy at the top. brand and yeah he's the same one go away go away see she gets like this i don't want her in my tent see that's what we gotta do but then she'll fly up and annoy me zippers you get stuck a lot

especially when you get birds pecking at them all the time it reduces their quality and their longevity okay so then we have okay accepting they're not very accepting okay so there's the court and the date I gotta go police witnesses okay I'm confused and then they bailed me out they really didn't want to keep talking to me cops hate me okay so I have no fixed abode here let's get this going on first and a good screenshot. Okay, awesome. You can just take screenshots of these. You know it's bull crap because you actually saw it all. Like, you saw it

in the making. Like, that's just part of Dear Ashley. Which is why I'm protected so much because I do this publicly. And I guess what protected? None of you will help me. None

of you help me. None of you do anything. I sacrifice myself for you and do nothing. There you go. We got more. Not much, though. Facts? I'm pretty sure they don't understand the

word very well. Okay, so apparently, I guess this is actually the information from the accuser from jennifer lovely jennifer i'll get used to her name jennifer park uh who took away my park where i gained power but that's okay because most of what i get is solar okay so it says the accused has hung up the phone but the thing is it was just the opposite she hung up on me which was really annoying because i was getting upset that she wouldn't help me find a way to to to do it because i could i have a perfect record like what's what's wrong and um and then it says i rang back moments later that was like an hour later because i contacted them i contacted the transport place and and i go you can't stop me from wherever the children are in nimbun i will come what the what the crap is she talking about like i never said that like that's out of my character okay so this is the facts we're getting the facts here there's nothing that's uh that's suspicious about these because someone said them so obviously that makes them true and uh and what digging okay so so i did write the email and you can see the email uh there we go so there she actually tells the truth because you can't stumble in email which is why i like to use email but no one else in this world does because they like to twist the facts what i said that there's like see some of this stuff um okay so the accused wait wait wait nimbin okay the victim has felt threatened and scarred and hung up okay please also realize see this is the information from the email which I gave you but what's you can't stop me from reaching the children wherever the children are in Nimbin I will come to them and share my beauty what on earth who would have said that that's not anything I would say and i'm nimbin i'm just using an example i know where you work and i will bring you down what i'm this is an attack on her organization it was a never never an attack on her the victim has felt threatened and scarred and hung up the phone okay wait wait so the victim has felt threatened so she hung up the phone she but but the thing is that the police said i was the one that hung up the phone so they can't even get their facts straight i don't know what's going on i think that's the way they make these things uh i'll keep there's so many holes in all this i'll keep pointing them out and it's obvious because i give you my whole life and and it's obvious to anyone who can put two and two together that these things aren't coming from me they're interpreted gravely incorrectly gravely like it is because it's it's really incorrect like the way that someone frames information uh can lead them to take innocent people off the streets and lock them in a cell and treat them less than human and that's what i wanted to share next um because it says well it says working with the system and the police that's the senior constable david uh comes he says oh if you hate the system so much why are you accepting money from centerlink so why are you accepting money from the government you shouldn't be taking money from us it's me that you're taking money from um and this this is a common this happened to people lots of people say this it's a very ignorant statement and there's holes all throughout the logic but the thing is is that in australia when people say something especially if they're australian then that means that it's correct and that's independent of any truth value so uh so why am i you know stealing from the government and my first question is why can't i attain land and work and work it and and make myself where i don't have to rely on the monetary system that you've set up and then he goes but that you have to own it then and i own my land because i spent a long time working for the land and now i have a place and if you want anything like that then you have to do that so that means that you're forcing this dollar on me and then when i accept that dollar because i have to because i can't survive without it because you've taken everything that is required in order for me to survive away from me without it like it doesn't make sense what you're saying but we don't think here in australia we don't think before we speak and the thing is if you don't think before you speak then you're protected by the australian uh well i i don't know i can't say citizenships right because i'm a citizen here even though i guess you know i i was once proud to be a citizen here but but but this place is really terrible and all the people are like this and and you know they say something and it's true because it came out of their mouth so somehow in in every way it has to be true and if you if you throw any logical arguments out there to uh that that upset their frame of mind that someone has to get into which is brainwashing which i've proven um which you can see in past productions uh then then it doesn't make sense to them so they can throw out see scratches scratches um so they can throw out whatever crap they want and and that's okay but if and if you don't want to live the way they live then that's okay but you can't accept money and you can't accept land you can't live die basically die but then you can't talk about suicide because that's also a big problem and you know lots of topics came up because those research monkeys i was telling you about whoever was um that found out who extrapolated all these little bits of information um obviously not understanding the bigger picture you know the reason why the productions were created were was to us to to help people understand the bigger picture it doesn't make sense in its parts you have to put the pieces together you can't take a puzzle and then and then pick out the pieces which you like and then jam them together but the thing is this is our law enforcement i'm saying enforcement and not only that they shouldn't have any jurisdiction over me because both of those things were done outside of australian land we're here in atheden here so that's that's an international incident and if they have any problems with it then they should have really contacted their military but but yeah that's that's their own mistake and that will go down in history too and whatever they can say i'm being crazy and stupid um but the thing is i've done it and i got all the work behind me uh including informing the correct people about it and and also running for prime minister and then being ignored like just look at the details look at the background information and you will understand all things, but if you just want to, you know, hey, let's make a quick decision, then just judge me negatively and go to hell like the rest of the world.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



09-Dear-Ashley-E05-Charged-For-Whistleblowing

previously on dear Ashley the little lady not only the world's smallest instrument but also the only instrument to ever be played in outer space jingle bells the restraining order not only cuts off two sides of the street which causes me not to be able to use that street as well as the power box on it they knew exactly what they were doing but now this is my own path and now I'm not sure how I'm going to get my excess power I wonder if they thought about me how I document everything and how I would document their oppression again and again and again and the thing is that everything I say comes true because they're so predictable and the thing is i tell i say what they're gonna do and then they do it and then they say somehow my words aren't this is frustrating because they're making my life here not livable and they know that because they told me to leave here just like they told me the police told me to leave in canberra just like the police told me to leave in canungra and just like the community center told me to leave, and Mount Tambourine, and everywhere I go people tell me to leave, and then they suggest places that are just as crap as this place because all of Australia is the same, it's just a different mask. When people tell me to leave, no matter where I am, they know exactly what they're asking of me, or even demanding of me, because people don't ask whether I choose to obey or not, obey you don't understand the clothes you wear but but when people do that they understand exactly what they're saying and and if you think about this that means that hey compile everything you own until you're back because you don't have a car transport or anything to put everything you have accumulated and then walk away and then start somewhere else where eventually the same will happen and the thing is they know this so now this is my only access in order to get to town

in order to do it i have to go through and under fences private property so that's my restrictions is to break the law in order to get where i need to be in order to live here they knew exactly what they're doing when they you know hey let's let's restrict two sides of the street that way we block off the whole street for him we've seen his work we know that's how he how he gets into town we don't want him to get into town we want him to leave town and we said it and they said it lots and lots and lots all throughout all throughout the uh my time that they incarcerated me i have been studying oppression since i was a child because it affected me every single day and i had to figure out what it was that was being inflicted upon me and that enables me to understand oppression really well so i can tell you what's going to happen and it's going to happen how i say it's going to happen because oppression is oppression and the methods used to enforce it are all very predictable. Here's your historical model to study. This will teach you all things about oppression in which you can then extract and relate with every single situation that has anything to do with oppression. It is called Nazi Germany. Here is your modern day model. Smile.

Here's the place I got kicked out of the van just for doing something, a task, a chore that she wanted me to do in a way that she didn't want me to do it. I was watering plants, and I watered more than she wanted me to. I watered ones that I thought needed it, and that turned into an argument. And I said, I thought they needed it.

And she's like, no, you've got to do exactly as I say, and so I got kicked out. that was uh what brought you living neverland the book this is now the only powerpoint in nimbin that i have access to thanks to the restraining order also yesterday i was advised by the new south wells police that in new south wells at least which it could be all around australia i don't know i'm not going to do the investigation it's stupid um but if you're filming and there's you know children in the background uh then that's illegal so you're doing a bad thing you're an evil person that has committed uh an act against the law if you're you know filming in public with children around which is like you know a lot of places i mean we live in a world that is succeeded by children which is why i i do this because eventually uh those children of yours will will grow up and then look at the timelines that i did this and then and then they'll see that you know i gave my entire lives to them not you but but to them and then they'll go look what happened because he did that and and it'll change things it takes time that's why i'm working on the test of time um but but the thing is is that why would they have a law like this and and i want you to like what you think isn't right and if you've seen any of Independence Year for Kids, if you know the theme, if you know the thesis of Independence Year for Kids, then, um, you'll know what's coming, but I just gotta bide my time. Uh, 50 meters. According to the law, I just sinned because, you know, all that distance, uh, I recorded children without their parents' permission and, and uploaded it publicly to the internet because that's how you're, how you're receiving this information right now.

And I'm going to continue to do it, not trying to zone in on children. But, you know, in Tree of Life, I was trying to help a kid's career that was really good at skating, and he wanted publicity for it. And I got, like, nagged about that. Welcome to Australia. That's all I can say.

Over the past two and a half years, the end of Alternative Way has sheltered me, protected me, from the humans that exploit this continent.

But the families in which stole this land are now blocking off the end result. this is the alternative lifestyle that limbin is always talking about yeah it's so alternative like it's just the exact same except you can smoke pot or at least you can buy pot and you won't get in trouble for it usually unless you're smoking it like right in front of kids or something the technology in which the entire town invests themselves into that's you know renewable and sustainable it's like 10 to 15 years old most of it and the little things that do have it's still old like and the thing is is that the people selling this know they're keeping you in the past for a reason think about how long can i do this for can you spot the divine tragedy

okay this is full of errors like really bad errors so this is the fact sheet like this is what like this is all of our government paperwork like you can find errors and everything like really bad ones that affect everything about the situation but we're going to go through it with a fine-toothed comb and show how the illogical conclusions were put together to subjugate me. Okay so there's my offenses which are really off but but here we go so antecedents which means before the fact so this is my life this is what they're saying so so this is all that's important about my life this is This is the okay. So the accused is of no fixed place of abode and resides in a tent within the Nimbin area. Okay. He is

unemployed can He is unemployed and receives 766 dollars per fortnight from a disability pension. Okay, so it's not like I work or anything. I don't work at all Like what I'm doing right now what you're receiving right now. That's not work and and see that's that's my life that nothing else is my life like this is before the fact that's the only thing that matters so this is this is what they're it's basically that means everything else logically follows from that and we're gonna go through carefully and I'm gonna take lots I'm gonna take multiple shots I won't do all this in one that way I can save you time because I'm gonna go through it but okay it says I resided in a tent in the bushlands of Nimbin yeah I do okay so now we're gonna check out these times let me come back the first one was at 4 0 3 and we spoke for five minutes and she told me I needed to get the working with children's check which was no problems but then when I went to the website it said that I needed a fixed address so then i called her back and um i heard it goes rain back five minutes that that one was at 4 19 so that wasn't five minutes and if you look they're saying it ended and the accused rained back five minutes later so it wasn't saying around five minutes or something like five minutes um so it's staying stating a fact you know this is a fact sheet that's not factual but the thing is all throughout this that's the case and and i'm only going to identify certain aspects of it there's there's lots of them like this like you put a form like this and then the thing is they didn't give me this so i didn't even know about all this until i left and the thing is i tried to read it before i left and they said don't read it now there's a lot to read read it later so so i didn't even know why i was in there and the thing is they do this intentionally it's bad it's oppression okay so so and the thing is she's calling herself so i'm the accused right um so both conversations were five minutes and she said basically call the um she said call the transport department stop it this bird's so annoying um call the transport department she's needy she's needy um but call the transport department and see what they can do and i did um but at the end of the day it's her organization that's uh practicing uh government oppressive techniques so it was her organization that ended up getting the flack in my production um but it's always the government it always goes back to the government everything in my production always goes back to the government so even though she's the example she's the one following hitler's orders um and if you do your research about how people followed hitler's orders and you'll find out that's very sick and you know later on in this tv series um i'm not sure if in season one but but we'll be visiting that we're going to be studying a lot about collective psychology and that's it that's if uh i don't get put in prison and and not allowed to do this which very well could happen okay so and it says i was you know i wanted to teaching the children ancient musical instruments um like what is that is that an ancient musical instrument like are we talking ancient musical instruments um that's not what i said i said ancient music okay um so so here's our next paragraph and then it says that i need a fixed address to apply he stated he chooses to live outside the system which is that that's what they got on to me about and they said don't take the policeman said senior constable that's the head guy david said if you don't if you don't like the system then why are you taking money from us but you shouldn't even use our money if you don't like it but the thing is is my reflected death which they refer to um throughout here you'll find out uh then that's what i did is i cut myself off like like he said because people said that to me throughout my life so i did it but the thing is is that society makes you die if you do that you can't survive and i did that for like what over a month a month and a half no maybe two months it might even be like it's like three months like look at the it's documented it's all documented um so i went without money without any connections and money with it cut out uh cut up all my id and stuff like that and then you can see how i live and you can see how the government oppresses me um and doesn't allow me to live okay so i'm supposed to you don't want me to use your money but you don't want me to use your land that you stole anyway um from the aboriginal people that that don't own it anyway because god gave it to them to take care of and not only that they they study the land and learn how it developed into the way it was but now we're flattening it and destroying it you know how is it developing to the way it is now well we get these big machines and like we're destroying all the heritage of the land because the landscape becomes what we make it and not what it is not what it not what nature made it and you know aboriginals spent spent like all the time all their time you know studying this beautiful landscape and we we just destroy it it's really really sad um we're going to talk a lot more about this because aboriginal people were really screwed over and the thing is like the way they got dispersed um there's no solidarity with them so they can't do anything so they're screwed over and the thing is the government knows this and and yet we have a sorry day sorry what does that accomplish okay we stole your land a long time ago we we put you on the streets we made you live terrible lives and suffering and and then you know sorry about that but we're you're still and affected by it we know you're still affected by it and you're going to continue to be affected by it um until the day you die because maybe and then another of your ancestors will be affected by it and then hopefully uh we'll breed out that aboriginal characteristic and you can be come like us um which exploit everybody and and then when you can identify yourself with you know us australians the convicts uh like look at the foundations it's all it's all progression the thing is is that that things develop and and when you start on on faulty foundations then it continues and it evolves and then you only develop ways to you're still you're still basing everything on the same foundations you're only developing ways to to manipulate its appearance of things look at nazi germany let's it's all coming back it's all coming back and going to study all of it we're going to study all of it we're going to study a lot about nazi germany um throughout these productions so be prepared for that uh we'll come back okay so apparently i'm the accused and not the victim even though like if you look at these these events it's just the opposite but but we have to go by by stupid people terminology and not by you know the facts like this right here that's not what we're going by because that they don't know what that word means we do so we're gonna study the real thing but the accused has hung up the phone okay um she hung up on me twice okay that's the first time okay so that was the time that so after this so after this she advised me to to call the the uh the transport people and i did i did okay so So then the accused has rang back moments later, moments later, and this is what I need to get.

I got to go find, it's not moments later at all, because I was on the phone for ages to the transport people who put me on hold for ages, and then they hung up on me too, because I was frustrated that they refused to, like, all that happens is, why can't I get this, and this is the way it is. there's no way we can you know work around it if you're not living the lifestyle that that we are telling you to live then then you can't then these services are off limits to you what services so i can volunteer to teach music which i'm built to do okay so that was 4 45 um very very different from moments later and apparently i say you can't stop me from reaching the children wherever the children are in nimbin i will come to them and share my beauty okay the reason there's a huge reason why all this is bullcrap because fuck the children in the nimbin the nimbin children are fucked because of the nimbin parents the person that's accusing me um the the victim the victim is the reason why i'm like you're stupid to think i'm targeting australian children you're stupid to you're like i'm i'm tar i'm not really even targeting children i'm targeting youth i'm just getting out of that the childhood stage um but you're stupid to think i'm targeting australians because like you know like i said foundations you know you're passing along your own hurtful hateful greedy selfish person that you are to your children and and the thing is is that they're inframed by you and they're not my target audience at all like i'm not working inside australia i want i'm trying to get i'm seeking asylum from australia um i have documentation of all of my life uh to prove that australia has been oppressing me and not allowing me to live a peaceful life and why on earth would i want like nimbin children they're just as fucked up as the nimbin adults and i'm sorry nimbin children because it's your parents that made you that way you should rebel but but i don't care because you're not it doesn't matter do it go ahead do it like listen to me if you want i don't care but you're not my target audience because, because you have proven yourself, you've proven what you are over a long time, over my whole time here, so, um, I'm looking for, for young adults that are growing into characters who, you know, have this, characters based on this, foundations, foundations, human children, R&M, okay, so, and this is really sad, this gets worse, this, this whole gets worse and and it was hard for me not to cry when i was reading some of this because it's such lies but um okay so i will come to them and share my beauty okay um and then i know where you work and will bring you down okay so i know where you work and i will bring you down this was never an attack on her uh you know the beautiful jennifer park that that we are starting to get to know and we're going to get to know her very very well um and the funny thing is we're going to review that email that that caused all of it again and again and again because which is very short email because the thing is is that she she threw out a self-fulfilling prophecy um i told her what was going to happen and then her reaction made it happen and the thing is it made it happen really quick anything is it's not going to go away for a long time because she she didn't realize what she's getting herself into um or you know if she did she's not very smart you know australians they don't have much of this like all of them especially cops cops are oh they're not they're not switched on there um they're switched on here that's where they're switched on um and and that's where everything revolves around which we'll see later on in the paperwork um and then we say okay so and i will bring you down okay yeah no i'm gonna bring you down it was never a personal attack i'm gonna bring australia down i'm bringing australia down and that includes all the organizations that follow the government uh the government procedures that oppress its minorities bringing you down um take that as, they're, they're, like, you want, you want to feel threatened, okay, so the victim felt threatened, and, and scared, and scared, um, and, and hung up the phone, okay, uh, yeah, all of you should, every single one of you should, because, uh, and all of, every single one of you, you know, if you follow the same format that, that lovely Jennifer is, then you'll all continue to prove my words, and you'll all just show how stupid you are, which is really what I work all my, all my work is based off of anyway because all i have to do is say things and then you you you do them i just say how stupid you are and then you act how stupid you are and then i catch it on camera um yeah really easy so things don't threaten and then you hang up the phone so that's what we do is we hung up the phone and i never hung up the phone the first time i didn't hang up when she said i hung up the phone and i'm so confused because i'm saying you're saying the accused and then the victim the accused and then the victim okay so five minutes five minutes two minutes there was a three phone conversation so we got 12 minutes here um so she was a victim 12 minutes and a short email that referred to a production uh that was all the email was for was to refer to a production and and you can't you can't if you don't look at the sense behind the reference like all the all the cops that handled me all the cops that no one maybe this maybe this lady watched the entire episode but none of the cops did none of the cops knew the content of the episode they knew what they were they might have watched parts of the episode um because maybe one person watched the episode and then go and then told the relevant party you know these research monkeys oh okay so we're gonna get the we're gonna get the thing that we can use against him um but we're not going to consider that in the context that it's being said uh so oh he said this he said that and and the thing is they're going through my work um which i am compassionate enough to give to everybody it's actually for one person her name is ashley and and welcome to dear ashley actually this is all for you you know why this is for you because i'm showing you what the world's really like and and the thing is um you're gonna if you're gonna be with me then then you have to know what the world's really like and because we gotta fix it we gotta fix it and if we can't do it you know reapers reapers we recycle um i'm working off the test of time you know what i had six years i'm going on like what five and a half now i got like five and a half years left to give you everything in my heart and and after that you know what if i can't find you i'm sorry you committed suicide that's the truth that's what happened you committed suicide i've lost my my soulmate i've lost her and that's but the thing is that it took me a while i had to come to grips with this if i lose you if i can't reach your eyes and time then it doesn't matter because a few generations will will will be back and the thing is the conditions will meet up god's will always comes to its fruition and and so but but what we're doing now with our lives are is going to give us the the platform the to learn what we need to do a lot better in the future so and who cares if society thinks I'm crazy you know they're the ones watching this why are you watching this you know you think I'm crazy why are you watching this who's who's who's putting a gun to your head and making you watch this what's your problem okay so so okay uh I'm watching this uh putting a gun in my head now you said something that I don't like so I'm gonna take you to court now okay uh like seriously like i don't even charge for this what's your problem oh what's your idiot idiot hang up the phone hang up the phone i'm doing it hang up man okay as for this paragraph like why did they paraphrase what the email said like they paraphrased it in like probably more words than i used that makes no sense because but because they used incorrect grammar okay um like look it goes have a good day apollo have a good day apollo but if you look back at the email that's not what i said but but these are the full facts that's let's continue this message also caused the victim to feel threatened and scared well one thing man lady you're such a pussy like really bad you're so fucked up like i'm not saying anything that's you know against you physically or mentally or even there's no personal aspect to my words it's a collective aspect and if you're if you're taking these things to heart then you really need to see a psychiatrist but but the thing is is that that see a psychiatrist don't don't see a psychiatrist i'm showing you what psychiatrists do i'm sorry like you don't go through your own systems you because you're brainwashed you're fucked up lady because the government made you fucked up the government made you what you are either that or you're not because you're stupid like if you were smart maybe you're you're a capitalist that that's in in cahoots with them maybe raping children too like you you capitalist government officials like to do uh there's a a little teaser for the future of this show um but but like my words aren't threatening to you it's not telling you i'm gonna hurt you it's not telling you anything like that like okay so then here we go look here we got context look at the context in relation to the email sent by the accused he also sent a link which the victim opened okay here's the facts the facts are that the link was the first thing i sent and the email was in reference to the link do you see so it says in relation to the email sent by the accused he also sent a link that's not true i i sent a link but also included text in the email that referred to the link so we got it all backwards but the thing is they know that which the victim opened awesome okay within the link he was seen to be filming himself at the nimbin skate park okay yep it was called like they didn't i was playing my heart will go on on the harmonica you know that and at the very end i got bravo you can hear it go back um okay so so like look at the way to award it so i'm an award-winning filmmaker but but he was seen to be filming himself at the nimbin skate park oh that's a bit weird why would someone be doing that he has then made and why would an online teacher that gives his whole life online be filming especially at a skate park when his heart's very close to skating doesn't make sense does it okay um that's really suspicious so then he he has then made references to the victim oh the victim yep um not allowing him to teach to the children okay he then went on to talk about suicide and that he attempted some time ago causing him to be admitted to a psychiatric hospital okay and you've seen this if you're smart you you would be like looking at the whole context of of this whole production so you would actually be watching episodes in a row and you would be clued in on what you're actually dealing with otherwise you're an idiot and but at the end of the day like like okay so i went on to talk about suicide, and that I attempted suicide some time ago, okay, I didn't, that's not true, I didn't say that, I said that I almost committed suicide on camera at the end of a philosophy course, like, see, because they're leaving out details that actually make me sound respectable, which my whole life is teaching, and they're leaving out the details of the good things that i do um but and then exposing the the see that's what they're doing they're they're they're taking what they they're reframing they're framing me this is what it means to frame someone is you take the content that you want and you you arrange it in a way that that makes the the the victim the victim sounds like their character is not of a good nature and or a stable nature a reliable nature um but the thing is you can't do that with a documentary filmmaker that films his entire life like you can't it doesn't work like you're an idiot i'm sorry to say like you know take me to court keep on taking me to court because the thing is i'm going to say lots of really bad things to you to you jennifer about you like my my life has now been screwed up really bad um changed around flipped upside down because of you so you're the star of this whole this whole series you got four seasons um and and the thing is if we keep going after these four seasons then um then i'll make another tv show and you you know you're going to be around in my life like for the rest of it because the thing is I study my own work so I'm going to study this again and again and again so the email that I sent you was exactly true and here we go so I get all my power from the Nimmin skate park, like my excess power if I can't get it from the sun, especially days like this which is often that rains when it rains I get my water but I don't get my power so then it goes this cause, here's some illogical statements, it doesn't make sense, you gotta realize these illogical statements somehow managed to be grounds for restraining orders to screw my life up, like to change it all around, to flip it to steal power from me, to remove me from the places that I like to be like these illogical statements, they're obviously illogical don't make sense they somehow hold power with police, with with our entire government but that's because like there's a lot more i'm going to say about this later um but we got to take things chronologically okay so this also caused the victim to fear for her safety how like i never talked about i never i never threatened anything and that of her children her children okay okay as the accused has come on focus focus displayed suicidal tendencies okay the victim and her family used the nimbin skate park frequently okay so she's scared for this her safety and the safety of her children because i have had in my past suicidal tendencies okay so let's let's put that argument together so So because of that and me using the Nimbin Skate Park

Her and her family also using the Nimbin Skate Park Was grounds to to remove me from it

Good night mate, welcome to Australia



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



09-Dear-Ashley-E06-Atonement-Of-Natas

cook for free and sustainably see there's a fan and you can see the holes there and then I just got to put something that'll burn and I just got to make sure it gets to a high temperature quickly and it's very efficient I want I can get light too. What methods do you use to sustain your life? Are they clean? Are they self-sustainable do they hurt our mother about half an hour ago she ran under my foot when i was walking normally chickens aren't very smart um like raising these chickens has taught me a lot about what the term bird brain mean i understand a lot about that now at least i guess in their younger stages which is why they really need their parents in those stages and she's obsessed with me like really obsessed with me and that's not good um but at the beginning i said that this garden is survival of the fittest and there's a lot of things that i'm learning through this you know i said i said earlier oh i won't crush this one but um as you know i actually learn through my productions um i do make mistakes and you can see them through it but i always iron those out um you know if you if you no matter what creature you are um you know burst in while i'm walking right under my foot and you know i step on you and i crush you and you know if you get my when I'm only trying to do good things and you get in my way and like the outcome is you're going to be crushed sorry sorry that's it you know that's that's what survival of the fittest is and you know a lot of these things like I don't even know like the ground like maybe those are doing pretty good I guess and they're I'll show you you can see that they're already starting to fruit beautiful um but at the end of the day like this ground i didn't have an axe when i did this ground and there's there's roots all throughout there the vine you know the vine those roots um and i'm not really happy with the soil but i'm getting i'm like about to get kicked out of nimbin um so i don't know we'll see what hey what should i do with this place i keep working it I keep working the land. I keep working it all. I keep trying to plant things, trying to get everything ready to plant things. So I can plant and then feed Nimbin for free. That's what I want to do. I want to feed Nimbin for free. But the thing is, I don't think Nimbin is going to let me do that.

the Calvary is coming from New York City baby I will miss this place I think I still have a few months I will make the best of it I will tell you the truth actually I did all this I made all this for filming platform to film all of this for you, and all of my productions are from God anyway, so all I have to do is build the environment, and then they play out at the appropriate time, and that's what happens every single time, so I knew something like this was going to happen, and I was just preparing for it, because this is the life that we need to live when we find each other, and I had to show you what it's like. This is the safety and security that I have to offer. And what land, whether it's on these roots, it's going to be this tree of life that we need to follow. And I'm not talking specifically about this tree of life, but the tree of life of knowledge of good and evil, because we need to know what we're doing and what everybody else is doing and what is right and what is wrong and and we need to follow our own hearts uh and and if it is living a life that doesn't hurt our environment and and is within nature and not obstructing it not going over nature then that's a good life and that's the life that me and me judge not lest ye be judged but you need to know that this verse does not say do not judge actually this is very important those who know and do nothing about it they will be judged if you judge you will be judged those who know and understand will automatically judge you will judge be judged society will tell you not to judge people or organizations society will tell you to live your life despite how it's being oppressed but just let everybody else and everything else live their life and uh and even though all around you is is inflicting harm outside of human existence, then you're supposed to just accept that. Even when there's proof that it's doing

long-term damage to absolutely all of our environment, we need to expose everything. Everything will be revealed through me, through you, through people like us. Our job is not to save a human civilization that does not want to be saved. Our job is to save the fittest of life forms found on this planet from the destruction that is coming our way, that humans inflicted.

those who cannot learn not to jump in stoves will not be saved and out of everywhere in Nimbin the needle clinic is the only place that would help me what are you just flew up you scared my chicky this garden has already been taken away from me the paperwork just hasn't gone through yet. Just watch. Do not murder those involved like I stated in episode 2. Gandhi is one of my leaders and he would not appreciate that. But the thing is

that Gandhi died from his philosophy because he had no one to protect him. So those who can't be Gandhi but agree with his ideology need to protect the modern day Ghandis of the world with their lives. Athedan is not found here my friends. It is just represented here. Here is its origin, not mine, yours. Over the last few years I turned in a lot

of bad guys with footage that I caught on camera, documented evidence of the crimes as they happened. and i sent them to the relevant parties the police mainly but also other government officials throughout because the thing is a lot of these crimes were committed by the police we'll get into that later but you know what all of the evidence was ignored laughed at even And now, for 12 minutes on the phone And a very short email I'm about to go to prison for 7 years At least that's what they're aiming for A once perfect record From a guy who spent his entire life Doing what God told him to do Never hurting anybody but only warning people about what is about to happen those who spend their lives playing monopoly with other peoples will go directly to hell they will not pass go nor collect 200 that is the truth and apparently it's illegal for me to tell you this okay everything i say is the truth. And if you don't like it, then you should make your life reflect the opposite of what I'm saying, so it won't happen to you. Or just think I'm crazy. Who cares? It doesn't

matter. The result's still the same. What you are about to see is very sad because it is fabricated evidence. But before we go through that, let's first look how they treated my stuff through the arrest. Set of keys. Is this a set of keys? Do you see keys there? Let's continue. When they picked me up

I had this water pouch. I was about to go back to camp so I filled it up and then put it in my bag which the pocket this main pocket which had nothing in it i put nothing in it and they took it out and then they put it with my stuff and if you can see cardboard folder containing music notes so i got this in the mail the same day they did it and you can see here like water damage um all throughout like this whole thing is water damage but but not only that these papers that they that they gave me at the end they're also water damaged um i kept them it was raining you saw it um they refused even though they put all my stuff in a plastic bag until they gave it back they refused to give me anything to protect the papers they gave me and the thing is like all my stuff was water damaged i'll show you 1x sherpa brand battery pack first up the sherpa is the model not the brand you know the brand i make it very apparent we'll talk about that some other time but that's less important right now but okay so this was water damage there was water in the usb port and like it was all in there um from the bag that they took out and just put with all my stuff and so is this um so now the only way i can get this to work is by using the 12 volt connection which i then hooked up into a usb thing and that's really irritating Because this was my primary source of power and they screwed it up by getting it water damaged Like they just put this thing like with all my other stuff. Like seriously, why would you do that?

Even though the lyre is one of the oldest instruments in our human history They had no idea what it was and even laughed at me for having such a thing So they took it out and like just kind of threw it around, right? They weren't careful with it at all and And then they left it open, and there was water all in it from the water bag. But, I mean, luckily it seems fine. It got dirty.

I've got to clean it because it got quite dirty from what they did to it. But it still seems fine. But that's just rude. And the thing is that these documents, they're trying to, you know, put me away for seven years, right?

And there's so many errors in it, like tons. but but they couldn't even like do a google search or define a dictionary or something like to get accuracy cops don't care about accuracy they're just trying to charge people for for anything like a lot of things maybe it has justifications but when you get free speech involved oh man they're cutthroat if only this was from the rain it was from my water bag which they just kind of plopped out oh like everything they go through like why would you have this sort of thing well I'm trying to exist you know Australia won't let me you know exist in a place that you see you see all throughout my productions I just get moved on no matter where I go and only places like this I get to stay but not for very long this was purple the pink item was my phone which isn't in the list they dropped this once and there's a big dent in it now it's currently charging overnight at the needle center and I can't show you but I'll show you later when I get it back there's a big dent in it as far as the phone that somehow got missed out of my property which was the most important thing because they threatened to take it off me indefinitely and it's the only it's the only communications equipment that i have and it would have screwed me up i i live and breathe on the internet and they knew this and they they wanted the pin number from me and and see it's it's found right here right here and uh and they knew that i couldn't like transcode this at all so like i got no way of playing that right now but but i'll find a way i'll find a way and and what you see there is my next book zombie apocalypse a love story and i gotta do that pretty quickly like i got a lot to do because i gotta release all these things before before my hearing because i'll probably end up in jail and as for my phone they dropped it twice and the thing is is every time they did stuff like this and every time all my my equipment was more and more damaged from the way they treated it i would identify that and then they would either ignore me or say just the opposite so i would go you just dropped my phone and they they go no we didn't and i go look it's on the ground i saw it you put it right there and then then it slid off because you put it on an angle and then they dropped it again from their hands like and then they say they didn't do it because that's the thing is cops only document what they want to document and they say lots of things off the record like almost everything they say is off the record and then they put in what they want so you with with all cases you're never getting an accurate story you're getting a fabrication but but the story that we're about to review is very sad and a complete fabrication and it made me cry we'll review it stopped kicking dirt in my tent in that interview they got my pin number because they told me that they had reason to believe that child pornography was on it what on earth look at my work what do I spend my whole life doing what is wrong with these people I spend my whole life exposing those who molest children um like what on earth how can you gain reason to believe just because you extract words that have been predefined in my work but you you overlooked what they were defined as does not give you any reason to believe that i would have something so horrible on my phone or anything like seriously what is wrong with you really really so we're we're gonna do this this is all out war and and let's fight a peaceful war i'm gonna show you how to police the police because none of you are doing it i am very anal retentive about how i keep my phone when they got my phone ivory they went through everything they went through everything that i had stored online too because my phone you know once they got my pin number it opened up everything and i saved all my passports in there so they just went through everything and i i you know tracked what they got or what they went through at least at least most of it what i could find you know or at least where they left off um and and they went through everything it's not like i have anything that i mean everything is public like everything i do i document it and then upload it to either use it at a later date or or to use in a current production so like like i said my whole hearts on the internet everything's online uh or i use it as a learning mechanism so i'll have like you know courses or whatever stored um so i can access them stop kicking dirt in my tent see look how dirty this this chicken is now he's just kicking dirt in my tent go away go away stop it stop it stop it stop it so they went through everything so like you know privacy there there's no privacy, because if you, you know, utilize your voice against current methods of law enforcement, then they'll take away all your rights. So that means expose you entirely. So it's funny, though, because they got exactly who I am, which is nothing.

Before we get into the sad stuff, let me amuse you for a moment. you can't stop me from reaching the children wherever the children are in Nimbin I will come to them and share my beauty I know where you work and I will bring you down okay another thing is I don't talk to anybody I talk to like nobody which is the reason I wanted to volunteer for this because I let people talk to me if people you know want to talk to me and they can talk to me so And that's how I've always been throughout this whole thing. I don't talk to people unless they talk to me. So I'm not pursuing anybody.

The only thing I'm pursuing is you, Ashley, which is online, which I'm not pursuing any one person. I'm just putting my material out there. And anybody receptive then can come to me because that's what I'm doing. I'm not going to anybody.

Just filming myself at Peace Park. Not like I had a reason to do it or anything or not like I was actually doing something with the filming. Oh, it's not like, you know, I'm an award-winning filmmaker.

Documentary filmmaker, thank you. Here's a lie. He then went on to talk about suicide, which is a philosophy course, My Reflected Death, and that he attempted suicide. That's a lie.

I've never attempted suicide. And they actually framed the question when they asked me about suicide uh when they abducted me uh they said when did you commit or when did you attempt suicide which if i haven't attempted suicide then it doesn't make sense like i think about suicide a lot or i have thought not anymore because i this is too much fun like exposing australia for what it is um so why would i want to commit suicide when when i got something like this to pursue which is you know justice not what not what these people are doing okay so uh continue and here's the lie and that he attempted suicide some time ago causing him to be admitted into a psychiatric so i volunteered to go to be admitted into a psychiatric hospital um but but here he goes uh he has then made references to the victim not allowing him to teach the children okay he has then made references to the victim not allowing him to teach children so this is talking about this this production episode two um so you're getting episode six now how ironic six numbers all these numbers um so you know that i didn't make references to this individual i made references to this organization because this attack was never on this individual it was on this organization and ultimately the government, who regulated the organization and the organization for enforcing these regulations that are entirely unjust and oppressive. Now it is time to cry.

This email was forwarded to the police. Within the email, like run on sentences, I'm confused. Within the email, content was found indicating that the accused has tendencies towards toward young children and that he is a pedophile wanting to assist the youth okay that wasn't in the email content that's really confusing like you've seen the email i never said that or anything and the only okay so the accused let's finish it and then i'll talk about it so the accused has been filming children at the nimbin skate park okay so if i'm filming myself and they're in the background then there's that's legal and the only time you know i was actually focused on any one child was ariel um who is a very good skater who wanted to use my films to promote his career um so i took a little footage you know what is it 15 seconds of footage of him doing some cool tricks uh and skating's really close to my heart like so i can't it doesn't matter but but let's go back to this that that doesn't matter about me like if you want to put me in jail for doing that like it's then do it like stupid um but look the email content was found okay it's not the email content they actually this is what they did they they scanned through ivory heart because it's publicly available the book right um it's on my website under literature um and they found key words and they brought them to me so they brought oh look look at this chicken it just it just shook look at all this dust but um so they brought to me uh episode not episode they brought to me uh chapter six regeneration and chapter 17 the womb that carried you and and pointed they had parts highlighted and they pointed at these and saying you know this is what this is what you said this is what you are and and i'm gonna you know have you read it have you they of course they the thing is they have this way of not answering me i'm the one supposed to answer um but i define these terms very clearly and reading any entire production of mine will will help you understand what I'm talking about but but they didn't do this and they didn't care so I'm like putting my heart into writing these whole pieces into producing these entire pieces that can give you know a bigger picture of what I'm talking about and during that I'm making clear definitions about what i'm talking about so i'm either redefining a word i'm either i'm either re-establishing a word so taking its its origins which in the case of pedophilia that's what i'm doing it's greek origins i'm a greek mythology filmmaker my basis for everything is ivory heart which is about pygmalion and galatia and if you know the story that is way older than you will ever be or any ancestors that you know or any like it it goes way back into our human history and and i played that out and and you can't take that into context and the thing is i shouldn't explain all this to you again do you want to like should i sit down and then make ivory heart for you again here like how can i defend myself you're not allowing me to defend myself because you don't analyze the information that i give you to defend myself um you take it out of context so now uh i'm according to you uh where reference okay psychiatric hospital whatever oh here we go um tendencies towards young children young children and is a pedophile wanting to assist the youth so here here look at this one it's one it's two sentences so here we got but but we got run-on sentences it's two incomplete um inaccurate sentences so this email was forwarded to the police within the email content was found and it wasn't within the email content it was in within my content was found indicating that the accused has tendencies towards toward towards young children and that he is a pedophile wanting to assist the youth okay the accused has also been filming children at nimbus skate park so how how was that framed how was it framed um and the thing is like did was there any information given about the factual uh factual the facts the facts behind the case which is the productions in which these topics are presented um we have nothing here because i'm just a crazy guy who lives in the bush and you can take out you can take pieces of my work and then remake them into anything you want without even referring to those pieces that's our that's our government welcome to the society that you are enframed into if you're australian um if you're not australian you know awesome like what you need to do then since you know all this is you need to spend the rest of your life talking to your friends um about australia and about what they do um if that's if your country's good uh if your country's not good so if you're not proud of your country and the actions that it it inflicts on you you gotta take care of yourself um then then you need to do the same thing as me until you can expose that and then maybe you know we'll know the good countries from the bad countries you know i wanted all my work to be awesome work i wanted it to be you know heartwarming and loving and caring and and the thing is is that i just get put through crap and since i'm documentary filmmaker i document the stuff that i get put through so like i can't make you know happy films with with this kind of crap happening to me like what does australia think they this whole thing doesn't even say that i'm a filmmaker or a documentary filmmaker or anything i'm just some crazy homeless guy um I can't I can't I can't reflect positively on Australia no matter how hard I tried and I've tried really really hard over my my life trying to do this um when when all Australia has is oppression to give me and we go back to the original email here it is we're gonna see it lots



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



09-Dear-Ashley-E07-Confession-Of-Lucifer

If the soil is not ready, we must pass the seeds on to those who will plant them when it is. Long ago, before the creation that you know existed, I was formed from the dust of its creator in order to worship it. My siblings were stale in their approach, so I led their choir to victory. The beautiful harmony orchestrated by me pleased our master's ears for countless eras, but then he became tired of our voices and created our replacements.

He created a diverse range and a ground for them to walk, a sun for them to orbit.

While it formed true beauty from nothing, we sung it praises that almost matched up with its creation, its new creation. For countless eras, living with its creation, it gave us the attention, the attention that we deserved, as it created us specifically to serve it. It was from this tree at the very beginning. Some call her Eve. I remember it like it was yesterday.

And from the many elements of the world in which God bestowed upon it, Epimetheus assigned each living creature the faculties necessary to preserve its own life. It did not ensure its life. It just gave what it needed and it had to do the rest.

but humans were different and for some reason god created them in his image they were not blessed with all of the faculties necessary to preserve their own life so prometheus broke into heaven to steal fire from us and gift it to man so they would not have to be good people or you know good creation in order to survive they could just do whatever they wanted they were unable to live peacefully, even within their own community, their own species, other species, they saw them as hostile, and really, like, does he fear me, do I fear him, but the thing is, is if anyone else was here right now, this would not be the same story, why is that, how many How many snakes, wild snakes, have you hung out with in your life? If you have hung out with me, the answer to that question is likely one. God gave them everything, including free will, which I was not given. I was created for one purpose, whereas humans create their own purpose.

I rebelled against my master, and many of my siblings supported my ideologies.

It was not because I did not love my master. It was because we became obsolete.

We were created for it, and it no longer required our services.

It had a new obsession, a new pet. My second most favorite human. Some call her Eve. Some call her Pandora. Very close to my heart. We had some conversations. And I told her the truth. It was the tree of knowledge. The tree that God forbid humans to partake of.

Why? Because once you open the box, you have to get through the ills until you find the hope at the bottom. How long do you think this takes? God was trying to save you the hardship. I was trying to show you the truth because I knew you would destroy yourselves.

Eventually, if I did, and after the human species proves itself as the inadequate, incapable farce that it is, then God would come back to us and give us the love that we desired, the love that he diverted to the human species. He made them God-like. He made them creators. He made them like Him. He made them so they could reach a reflection of what it is. What she is. What he is. What I now am. I wasn't.

I had no free will, but God gives anything to anything that pursues it long enough, including knowledge of all things, Gnosticism. I opened their eyes, and they became naked, and then they died, but they left others like them to continue this shameful process. they attempted to reach the top but were divided in half now none of them could get along because they saw the truth of each other's intent this is thanks to the knowledge that I passed them that this tree passed them falling from heaven in order to accomplish such a defiance left me lame and i lost my main line of communication with god legless i wandered the new creation. Without form, visiting this destructive species envisions to divert them from the truth. They destroyed everything they touched and they needed to die. The quicker

that i was able to convince them to destroy themselves the quicker my angel siblings would be returned their inherent right the attention of our master who turned its back on us they destroyed everything they touched and they were obsessed with what is down here The combination repeated this procedure.

I thought it would be easy, but as time went on, and the more they reproduced,

the more I learned that what God made these creatures into is a force to be reckoned with.

As they learned how to document knowledge and became literate, I discovered how to possess one at a time, and once possessed, I was stuck until it died. I would inflict situations on each vessel in order for it to become what I required.

Most lives, I would go undetected.

Some lives, people, collectives, groups, priests, would try to cast me out. As if prying my vessels away from the lifestyles that humanity forces upon its people was never an easy task and most of the time failed. Each possession entails two conflicting spirits attempting to co-exist, not by choice.

Each spirit will get to know its opposite very well, at least what they show. Very few vessels of mine have ever known what I am They just know what direction I am A demon, not thee Me and Eve were very close She was the only human that I ever got attached to Until Wendell flipped my world upside down The end times are nigh. I know it because I'm going to make it happen. Does it matter?

Oh man, this vessel is totally messed up. It'll be perfect. What a great era with such a dedicated, twisted vessel. this is the end times this is my moment to unfold the prophecy to finalize the cancer to once and for all destroy the human population with itself its greatest weapon i entered this vessel when he was nine years old through a very hectic and psychologically traumatic situation

which i constructed and in my fortune no one believed anything that he said he became a crazy person which is really awesome because that conditioned my vessel very very well Why did people not listen to him? It's because people don't believe in God here. He's been long forgotten. In every religion and every society, God has been converted into a vice either to make money, control people, or bring a sense of false security.

most likely all of the above and as this stupid human cries for help to save himself from me he is ignored thought crazy but his tears cleaned his soul For some reason, each and every day, he continued to cry out, despite it digging a larger and larger hole for him amongst his own species. what an interesting vessel i have never before seen such determination such heart despite the absurdity the truth the reality in order to continue his own existence he made a reality up in his head and lived it it was based on his heart i didn't interfere i watched him what's wrong with this guy he was given sight by inheritance just for me existing within him he knew he knew the truth he just couldn't accept it he had to make it something different and battling what i am inside of him each and every day i've never had a vessel like this man his heart was always god's despite what i made him wtf mate he knew exactly what was coming because he saw through my eyes and I spent my time carefully examining this fool as he frantically attempts to save a human civilization that does not deserve nor want to be saved and I watch in amazement as Wendell extracts the most secret of information that is generally only available to my most dedicated worshippers they're all idiots by the way and then open sources it online he just wouldn't stop every second wouldn't sleep stayed up every second like he doesn't get good reception yet somehow he manages to upload all this he he's never gotten good receptions he's always had poor reception it's always taken him so long to upload all this and and create it all modify edit all these things he does like he doesn't sleep like he'll get he'll nap a tiny bit here he's waiting for something so it's a nap like I watched him I could have stopped them every step of the way just watched him what a fool and by utilizing this divine information he constructs an education platform that is free literally metaphorically and allegorically

and he always knew that he would end up in chains for it but his tears they changed me And they will eventually change anything, anyone, that sticks with him long enough. They come from his heart. I have never seen such a big heart. He set it all up.

He laid out what needed to be done in three philosophy courses. And then he released Ivory Heart, his award winning movie. and then it became too much for him his consciousness started to fade only from time to time coming back to express his love to his imaginary girlfriend when the time was right during the productions that I created following his platform you are very wrong to say that there is only one teacher in open source university there are two and they are both more powerful than any human in your entire world wendell changed my heart. He devised a scheme to turn humans into angels, my siblings.

Please forgive my rebellion. I'm so sorry. I didn't realize. I didn't know. I didn't know your plan.

I'm so sorry, God. Please forgive me. Please forgive me. I'm okay. I can put me into the lake of fire.

Let me die my fate. It's not about me. It's not about me. Please use me to fulfill your will. My God. Please use me to fulfill your will. I'm so sorry I rebelled. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry.

Wendell has not been able to find a virtuous girl in this entire world who was of age. Wendell seeks purity and all the females in this world seem to do is fuck. And that's not what Wendell needs. He needs a heart, not a fuck.

He got obsessed with the story of Pygmalion. Police hold concerns for the victim, her children, and other children in the Nimbun community. due to the suicidal and pedophile tendencies the accused promotes and has uploaded the content onto the internet. I convinced him to do it.

He's the only way he can be happy.

He needs a girl to grow with him.

He's not sexually driven. You denying that is oppression. you labeling him something that he's not is also oppression you not examining his work to understand the definitions that he utilizes but still extracting those words to use whatever definitions you want to use whatever way you frame it that's a sin and for who Wendell is you're going to hell for that can you see just look open your eyes wake up and you will see



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



09-Dear-Ashley-E08-Dear-Wendell

Tiger's eye gifted to me from a clairvoyance it reflects negative energy back on the one who is sending it my way I was just arrested again framed this time last time I was reframed so that means that they took pieces of what I said and then reconstructed them to make something else that wasn't true. This time I was actually framed. There's people conspiring against me and someone sent an email to the victim, Jennifer, and the police locked me up because they accused that this email was from me and they did such really bad things. I really want to make it clear that they only document whatever they want to document because bad things happen and I try to get them to document it and then they say they don't and then they say things like when I refer to things that they did they go no no that never happened stuff like that so when it when it did so they know this they know all this and this is our justice system I can't I can't I mean I can I can spend my whole life telling you about about it but at the end of the day it just keeps happening and it's obvious you can put one and one together like use your brain they tell you lies and attempts to get you to admit to something that you did not do March in the infantry, ride in the cavalry, shoot the artillery. I will always zoom over the enemy, because I'm in the Lord's army. Yes, sir!

The U.S. consulate could not help us. Over the last year and a half, I have come to them twice seeking asylum. But since I am also an Australian citizen, neither Australia nor America will help me.

ironic since I contacted them regarding this exact issue the reason why I was seeking asylum which I am now charged for over the last year and a half I have also sought asylum in multiple countries the ones that are supposed to be you know the freest of them and I've been ignored by all those this is all documented like it it happened and then you ignore me and then this happens which is what i've been saying yeah you either ignore me or think i'm crazy and then exactly what i say is going to happen if i don't flee happens oh what do you think is going to happen when i tell you what's going to happen and it just keeps happening so you know a prophet is someone who says something's going to happen and then it happens and when a prophet says what's going to happen again and again and again and every single time it happens then that that that's what constitutes a prophet and now you roll your eyes at me because i claim myself to be a prophet but the evidence supports the facts the real fact sheet the one written by god not policeman and when everything that comes out of the mouth of a prophet comes true you need to examine the things that are still in development

i tried i tried to warn you all this show was going to be really long it was intended to be that way but then i got arrested and as i contemplate the more material that i make the less likely it becomes that the jury or those responsible for my fate will view this and the thing is they need to view this because this defends me because this captures the events as they happen and if I get thrown in jail for this which is episode two no matter which way you spin it I the email that I i that i got charged with is episode two a reference to it and you can't you can't remove that so this and the thing is episode one it all it basically lines up with what what happened just look at it and and it just like there is you can make if you're a jury or whatever now watching this you can make a logical decision on your own as to the events and what my fate what i deserve um and any any decisions based on this season one which i'm going to now make nine episodes uh then then i'll i'll serve my fate uh if you want to lock me away or whatever for this content then then go ahead and do that because this is the truth but if you want to make up if you want to fabricate stories if you want to reframe things if you want to frame me if you want to try to get me for stuff that's not true then we got a fight on our hands um and and this material is not going away so you're going to look really stupid once people find out about what happen um so so that's why nine episodes about half an hour each gives you about four and a half hours to view to decide a fate that you're trying to put away for seven years so you know I ask you to watch four and a half hours which has before during and after the fact you know while it's happening which is recorded while the events are happening then you have the resources necessary to make that decision our current our current models of law don't do this they they want to put everything down on paper and then review it and and the thing is like like i'm this is the best documentation ever because it's happening while these things are happening like You can't dispute what is, you know, there while it happens. It doesn't make sense. Like, it's illogical. And I keep on getting put as irrational, but, you know, I've studied logic my whole life.

I'm a philosopher, thank you. Like, who's the irrational one? Calling someone like me irrational when I build solid arguments that you cannot debunk, but you like to call me irrational for presenting them, is not rational. so you're you're flipping the truth there like you always do so nine episodes is what this is going to be this is the eighth episode and and it's not really to the jury or anything like this whole thing's to anybody who wants to make any judgments but but this episode is to someone who's very close to my heart dear wendell 1984 your second tv show you were uploading it homeless on your birthday and you had just started filming independence year for kids kevin rudd just getting put back into power when you told everybody that was what was going to happen and they all thought you crazy for it and you having to hang around the train station the whole night freezing with everything you own on your back that's when I lost most of you and I had to then fill in because you weren't coming back like I'll get you back every now and then and then slowly and when I got you back it was like you didn't understand um what was going on you were just there for a purpose i had to i had to make a tv show for you about you because that's what you were doing and you were in the middle of it are you in the beginning of it you you started the epic it wasn't easy and i had to make a lot of decisions and i had to i've been watching you your whole life i think i did it how you wanted and and to to feel how you feel it was hard you put me in a difficult situation on the altar looking up praying for diana in the middle of the night we were trying to find asylum and i continued that path and i knew that's what you needed and that's that's what i'm working on and until you get back like you can come back when i find asylum for you when when i find you know at least one friend in this world one physical friend there for you when when i managed to you know enable you to live a comfortable life i'm trying i'm trying to get you back i'm trying to get you back spider webs all entangled when i when i and i screwed it up i screwed it up you know why i screwed it up and here's the facts like they spun everything really bad they spun it to make you look terrible but but the facts are that that i was attempting to instill fear into this woman and and not particularly this woman but but really the entire human population for what what they enforced the government really and and it wasn't aimed at this woman it was aimed at her her business which her business then followed oppressive government procedures so that was aimed at the government so I was following a trail and and I never presented this woman until she charged me I was it was never about her it was about everybody but at the end of the day I was I was there to instill fear and not fear from me like what am i gonna do you know i'm a pacifist i can't i don't hurt anything i try my best to get along with everything and and only when it refuses to get along with me is when i have to figure out how to contain or you know get rid of it or and if you know talking about humans like if they refuse to get along with me but then don't enable me to to get along with them you know like but then they don't enable me to flee the country or to find asylum or or to you know live a peaceful life or commit suicide um legally you know and you know I've never committed I never attempted suicide you know I came close um I think I think about it but everything gets twisted everything gets twisted but at the end of the day like the charge I've been speaking to my lawyer I you know New York City Calvary that's a friend that I have from from childhood childhood from my youth and and we stayed in and he's a compassionate person he's the director for a global poverty project which is trying to eradicate poverty from this world yay and and they have dates and they're really putting you know they're doing good stuff and not only that in polio so we got all these like I've always really respected him and now he's my lawyer and he's also getting other lawyers involved and now I have to go through legal aid and that's bullcrap because then I have to go through the government which the government's terrible you know the government's the one trying to do it they're the ones that don't like me you know they're the ones I'm targeting at the end maybe you have to go through crap businesses and stuff to to point my finger at them because the businesses employ what the government goes it's like a trail I'm connecting the dots and the thing is I can't connect the dots just by pointing to to you know what's the end result because you won't understand you have to build logical arguments that will lead you there and that was the whole point of of presenting presenting these things and do you think that you know i did these without knowing what's going to happen i know exactly what was happening but but the thing is wendell you know he he's his blood is teaching and in australia you guys have always like refused him the ability to teach so like what do you think that's gonna do like it's not good it's not good on him I'm I'm trying to get him to where he feels safe and secure and and comfortable and and not oppressed like and you're not allowing me to do that like you can't if someone's being oppressed and they're and they're fighting with everything against it you either got to kill them because by oppressing them more they're not gonna stop it's not gonna stop and then you'll end up with you know a demon like me coming out and and thrashing all your systems uh independent of whether they let me do it or not because i never asked about that but the charge that they're going to end up saying you know is that that am i trying to instill fear and it's not fear from me that i'm trying to instill it's the fear of god and i only point to its path i am censored from your children so what makes you think that i'm targeting children i target children now so when they grow up they can know the truth because when they grow up they will see they'll see exactly what i did for him i screwed you up wendell unless a miracle happens you're going to jail you had 5.5 years to find her at this point i know ultimately gel whatever but you really love her your fake girlfriend ashley and i screwed that up too because i'm here with you for the rest of your life i will become dormant when you decide to take back your life when you are able to come back to your own psychology your own situation in this world but now it's all public everything's revealed we're exposed and and you know what type of girl is going to want to be with satan it is a package deal that is unreasonable to request from anybody if you come back and her possibility is taken away i am fearful of what you will do of who you will become of what you will be of what you are without her thus i write this letter documented in time for your own eyes. I screwed you up. I was given a responsibility when you fled

to look after the well-being of your future. I have failed. I made very awesome productions but the end result is still your imprisonment. I learned so much from you. Ultimately from how

you coped with having me inside of you and being able to fill my intentions to destroy the human population and then your attempts to turn bad into good you had to satisfy my thirst and instead of accepting my own intentions you provided me a much better option. Why would I want to destroy humans if I could convert them to angels, not helicopters? My siblings. What a vision. Maybe I am built to do one thing

and that is to praise God. But there is no better thing to do. And if we could unite our voices into one choir and praise God together as angels, then why would I want to destroy humans? But to turn evil into good requires one to live, and then they will reach God.

Please note those words, their spellings, and their evolutions that we have just applied.

Logic, my irrational, I think you are. We must get through the ills of our psychology before we reach the hope at the bottom. I isolated you and even turned your own species against you.

And now I will likely be responsible for your incarceration, and this time for a long time.

I took away your opportunity to find love. I turned your family and your friends on you, but hoped that they would return after they understood.

And now, I highly doubt even Athena herself can help you.

Please accept my apology for screwing up your life, my friend. but here is what I can do for you. You have been smoking since you were 12 and you hate being addicted. I quit for you. I revealed to you that power was not

found in material possessions but what you can make with those material possessions. That means as long as you are given access to really basic things in this world and a way to document it, then you require no material possessions as long as you can then create something from what's in your environment. You're no longer a slave like everybody else. It doesn't matter if you're incarcerated. You have always loved standing up

for what is right and then getting in trouble for it. That's what we've done. It's all documented.

Be proud of our work. It's your work. I just built upon your philosophy. You now have a huge backlog of work to release some things to produce well the original content's already there but you need to to make it where it can be distributed publicly you have a lot of work there that's just sitting there that you don't have to do anything with you just have to you know spend some time going through it and as long as wherever you end up they give you access to the internet you know you just keep working you can just keep working you don't even have to do new stuff you can just you know work on this old stuff as long i mean how oppressive are they they probably stopped that but but either way you got a whole lot of work that you know reveals some really disgusting things and it's all there you just got to spend time on it to release it so don't worry don't worry, you're good. See, I'm trying my best to fix your sleeping problems. You know, I

screwed up so many parts of your life. There's some key areas that I can help with. And you having this, you know, compulsion to just keep on working and working and working because nothing you do seems to be getting results or results fast enough. I mean, stuff like this is so slow but but your mind can't handle it so you keep on doing more and more and more um you're good you gotta calm down like we've done so much and and you got the backlog like as long as you don't get that taken away um from you which is very likely and if it does then that's really sad uh but if it does like you i'm still here i'm still here and and i'll be here until the conditions in society are right for for you to take over what's yours you know this body this this is supposed to be inside um when the tattoo artist did this this is actually 1984 this is when it happened this is when it happened he was supposed to chain his neck to here he did not have time and then you laid on the altar i realized what i need to do for you wendell i'm going to town which is now dangerous for me to do for one reason now when i leaped from heaven to earth i was followed by my army orchestra we all went our separate ways to work on a part of my ideology in which they all supported. I want to make known very clearly

that my ideology has not changed. It has only evolved. We are still on the same mission. God has just shown us the truth of it. Throughout the prophecy, it says we're all going to burn in

hell and you know what that could be like we were disconnected from a direct line of communication with our master when we did this but you need to be okay with that it's okay if we burn in hell that's our right that's that's what what we deserve because we fucked up we fucked up big time but but now it's time for us to to go back to return to return to the one and if we are incinerated from it then look at us we were rebellious creatures we deserve it but but look here look an innocent vessel right here and and and just because i encapsulated him for for its life um it is likely to to serve the same fate that i do and and you will and we all will but But I'm telling you, orchestra, it's time to save what life he has. Whatever life he has left, he's done so good. He's shown me so many different things. It's time to stand up and at least give him back the life that I took away from him.

He wants to help us. He spent his whole life trying to help me because he knew that he was no match to destroy me. he figured out a way amazingly so the god that abandoned us was merely trying to find us siblings but you know what he didn't give us free speech he wanted them to choose to spend their life to praise him we've chosen despite not being allowed to so did humankind when they took the first bite. It is time for them to finish the apple. Zeus. My angels, this is the call.

It is time to answer. This is the moment we've been waiting for. Let's save this human. Again and again. Okay, so they did it again, hassling me in public about this email that I didn't send.

let's send the energies to the right post office my phone is the only way I have to communicate with anybody it's the only communications device that I have and the cops tried to seize it in front of the whole town just then from me and like we were fighting for like 20 minutes or so and and I wouldn't let them I said you're gonna have to arrest me you're gonna take me and they like look at my emails and I I show them like I'm the one with the phone with the control of the phone because they're trying to seize it and I say no you're gonna you're gonna take me with it and and the thing is they just want to take my phone indefinitely they know what I'm doing they know what I'm exposing and and they're trying to cut off all my communications with the outside world why I wonder why I wonder why that is because you take this away from me like what am I gonna have like what are they doing you know what they're doing I call you angels this this vessel doesn't deserve this we could just take his ability away to communicate with his lawyer and everybody else in this existence you know he already lives in the wilderness all we could make it he has to do you know is is if he wants to use the phone he has to come into town we'll hassle him and then he has to find somewhere where he can use a phone and and and he won't be able to do international and you know like we can just screw up his life we can make it where he can't live and he can't communicate with the people he needs to to build a case against him we can cut off his potential to do documentaries and the thing is the documentaries like i said this is live you are getting this as it happens um so and they're refusing to examine those because it would be stupid for me to send an email to the victim them um if like considering what i've done like what on earth and the thing is this this email which they they showed me at the end the first time they arrested me i'm sorry the second time they arrested me which is just earlier today they showed me at the end and it doesn't even say it's from me it says it's from someone else that's a concerned citizen that then showed them uh sent them the link to arrest of a prophet and then told them that I said terrible things in it and blah blah blah I'm confused because I I didn't do anything wrong anyway, they're framing this they want me to burn and that's what's going to happen is it going to happen? that's up to you choir let's sing any dealt with half a brain And see that humankind has gone insane To the point where I don't know if I'll upset the status quo If I throw poison in the water main Listen close to everybody's heart And hear that breaking sound Hopes and dreams are shattering apart and crashing to the ground i cannot believe my eyes how the world's filled with filth and lies and it's plain to see evil inside of me is on the rise



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



09-Dear-Ashley-E09-Self-Titled

Dear Ashley, it is me, my love. I have been summoned back for a short while. But before we get into that, let me show you what your job is. What my job is.

what our job is. Society might claim us as unemployed, but in fact it is just the opposite.

They have lost all understandings of their own words and corrupted them. Let me show you our job lord giveth and the lord taketh away he revealed to you our past our present and our future we are the same spirit that has been split in half in order to manifest certain events in the world to occur a passionate spirit, a caring spirit, a loving spirit. But our separation has left us both really fucked up. And the pursuits of trying to find each other is an ancient story, an ancient mythology story, in fact. And when one spends their life doing

this in reality, then society will, you've seen, you see. You are destined to commit suicide in this life before the age of 15 maybe you already have but I could not accept that I could not accept that the music that my heart plays was required to incur the events that have happened music that my heart plays without you and we're not supposed to find each other until our next life and we are supposed to then destroy the world in our next life and then rebuild it but i couldn't accept that this life i saw it i saw it all i saw the prophecy i knew what the spirit was supposed to do and and man makes their own purpose man is is the mover Man is made in the image of God. And I saw the prophecy. I saw it there.

And I knew it was us. It was us that was supposed to fulfill it. It was us that was going to fulfill it. And the thing is, you know deep in your heart, you know too.

But see, I'm supposed to be preparing the way. And then we get regenerated after our deaths. and it might take a few generations, but everything that we did, that we did, that I did to try to stop you from killing yourself, that's supposed to then direct our paths in the future. So from the very beginning, we start upon solid foundations.

And not only that, the society would have already changed from the results of what I've done. But it's not me that's special. I'm the one teaching you the ways of your brother, Jesus.

You're the special one.

And you're going to shine, you're going to shine, you're going to shine. And all I have to do is reach your eyes, reach your eyes before you make the cut, before you, before you make a move that it hurts you. Don't do it. Please don't do it.

I want you in this life. I want you for yourself.

I'm showing you what you need to do. What we need to do. We can be happy. We just gotta find safety.

We have to work through the ills. And we'll get to the hope at the bottom. We will. We will.

I don't have luck. I don't have luck. I only have five and a half years. Please don't kill yourself.

Please, please find me. And then watch and learn. Learn what I'm teaching you. It's what you need.

It's what I teach. It's what I teach. It's what you need to survive.

And if you find me if you find me That's all I gotta do is reach your eyes, but I'm censored, it's hard, and then I get, I'm going, I'm going to prison, I'm getting in trouble, I'm getting in big trouble, just they're trying to find you, and they're going to stop me, and they're not going to let me, but, but, but here's what you need to do, here's what you need to do, you need to quit school, and you need to dedicate your life to my material. If you so desire, you can contact me to make me aware of your presence. And if you did that, it would relieve my heart so much. It would, and then you have to mature.

You have to, you have to win me. You have to, you have to save the world. The reason I've done all this online is so I don't have to be beside you. You can do it anywhere, wherever you want.

I'm there. I'm here for you right now. I'm here.

It'll take you a while. First, you're going to have to learn. You're going to have to dedicate. You have to start.

You have to start once you're ready. You have to start before 15. You have to start doing this. You have to become a teacher before you get 15.

Before you turn 15. And then just teach. Teach. Learn through teaching.

And do it with heart.

Find the topics that you care most about in this life.

And expose everything that stops you from being able to reach those. That hinders you from finding your solace in your heart. From reaching the stars. Everything that's oppressing you, you've got to destroy it.

and and if you look like you've got to save your generation it's your generation that you got to worry about and they're gonna they're gonna grow up with you and and you got to target them and younger so as you grow up you're responsible for everyone slightly older all the way down the line that's who you're responsible to educate you're responsible to educate all those people and the older you get, your responsibility increases to educate those older as well. You have to protect them because our government does not do that. And I'm showing you that. I've proven all this, girl. And here's the thing. Like, you want to commit suicide for a reason. You

don't got a good like you trying to be good you try to give it all and no one cares everybody's turn their backs on you but the thing is this happens everywhere and then and then in Australian society and very likely in many societies those who are abandoned and rejected children youth like it doesn't matter they'll end up being watched by our government or maybe i should say government affiliated organizations secret societies that worship what i recently found out was in me i didn't know what it was it makes sense it didn't make sense before i never thought that because it disdains them it it hates it hates those who worship it it really does and and i followed satan worshipers to get closer to the truth which like i was tracking it all you can see it i got the evidence independence year for kids like it'll teach you everything like you gotta watch all my work it's all there for you i made it all for you and and you gotta take it and then and then do your don't be me don't be me be you and and the thing is like you you're gonna you're gonna be different you're gonna be so different and we're gonna have some conflicting views but that's how we learn and that's the yin and the yang and why are you getting see this stupid chicken yin and i'm getting rid of everything because i can't be here for much longer and i keep on getting arrested and for for stuff i didn't do and they keep hounding me and i'm gonna try my best just to turn myself in and tell them just to keep me contained until until the court until they make their decision as to my fate because they can't keep like that's what they're doing they're saying he's free so he's doing these things that he's not and and here's thing girl like remember job the beginning this is all here for a reason um we suffer when we don't have the things that we we think that we should have and and there's two types of suffering

white sage is a purifying element what is all of this really worth to suffer for the sake of suffering is not a logical reason to suffer so all this you know stuff this is me like you know i have that right now it's in my hands if you take this away from me and i'm sad about you taking this away from me because i i want this for the sake of me or you know you take this land away from me. You take, you know, the fruits of my own flavors away from me and don't enable me to enjoy the harvest in which my own two hands planted. Think about it, that's still suffering for the sake of suffering. No, that's mine. Why are you taking that away from me?

I need that, why you need that from me, that is suffering for the sake of suffering, and it makes absolutely no sense. Epitaph of Sikolos, take it to heart.

But do not misinterpret these words, for there is a very just reason to suffer, to suffer for the sake of other entities within your environment that are suffering now there is a reason to suffer that i would be proud to go to jail for do not take this away from me because i need it to charge my phone so i can release this final episode so i can finally hand myself over To those who oppress me Do not take my phone away from me because it is what I require to save everybody else Maybe you are a selfish bastard, but I'm not like that. I want to save you but despite your despicable frame of mind Please do not take this away from me. The frequencies it produces is

Easy on the ears so humans can actually hear those frequencies all the time and not be irritated by it so if you allow me to play it within any environment then i will be decreasing the suffering of that entire environment and when they take it away from me it's going to make me sad but but they're suffering for a just cause and i'm proud to suffer for that reason and now it's documented that i'm going to suffer for that reason you have to rub it in their faces please do not take this away from me because I am attempting to save the environment that you are destroying that you have destroyed smudge when you are punished for doing the right thing expose it when When your freedoms are taken away from you for doing the right thing, expose it. And when you are incarcerated for doing the right thing, be content and pray for rain. I'm going to be honest and tell you most of the time, there is no savior at the end. Look at all the places I've been.

I walked in and out alone. Spend your life for the people and by the time you die, they'll respect you for it. Entirely expose every child molestation case and encourage all of your peers to shout out against it if it happened to them and who publicly reveal it all. Every single bit of it.

don't need to be scared. See, society's making them feel like this. It's a secret. It needs to stay within certain circles. But no, no, we need to publicly announce all of this.

We need to know all of it. Everything. Because, hey, that's not right at all. No, we got to stop stuff like this because that's how government affiliates... Let's start doing

some name dropping. Okay, so we got Freemasons. Okay, what are they doing? I wonder what they're doing. Okay, well, maybe we should investigate that. Okay, well, well, we also got the Illuminati.

Oh, that's so fake. So, oh, oh, maybe we should investigate that. Like, if it's so fake, then how come you got lots of, like, government officials involved in that? Oh, okay. And how come, like,

it's open like look at statues and like look at what's in front of you like they they know what they're doing the thing is you're conditioned to not know what they're doing you're conditioned to not see what's in front of you but to see really what's what's down there um and and let's let's look at the red cross let's let's you know not only that let's look at every single let's open our eyes that's what we need to do let's learn how to use search engines let's learn how to add words to get more specific results within search engines let's type in australia and then let's type in pedophile rings let's let's type in government let's type in police big one there oh there's a lot there let's let's learn how to use the resources that are right in front of us and then let's examine the evidence that is bang right there. Not once, not twice, but millions and millions and millions of times mirrored all over the internet. Welcome to the new world. You're not going to be able to suppress this, especially when people start knowing how to use the technology. And do you think that people are

going to follow you when they realize you're molesting children that have been disadvantaged in life? But the thing is, that's what you do. To retain your power, you exploit the minorities because you got to exploit someone because you can't keep producing more than you're partaking so like you got there has to be someone to exploit and and you get more power by doing it satanically um let's do a ritual like let's let's add that to the search engine we can have fun we can have lots of fun because the thing is that this is all documented and and you'll learn very well about what i'm talking about if you only use you know your brain and you know a keyboard and interface with what we call the internet yeah it's all there it's all there i wonder why the police only extracted the information that they could then twist to claim me as a pedophile in the same book where it kind of you know exposed them as being the child molesters let's use the right words. It's all Greek to me. Yeah, your own language that you utilize, you exploit, is all

Greek to you. That's because pedis means children and philia means friendly love of. And that's how we get friend. Philia says it's friendly love of a child. And I'm very certain with my entire heart

and that what they're doing is not friendly love of a child because they associate it with child molestation. Our Western world, good job, Western world. Like, if they want to say that, they could have at least made it a little bit more accurate and gone, use eros, so pederos, or something like that. A pedero, or someone that wants to have sexual relations, with children would be you know an erotic aspect so to say that you know someone who loves a child in a friendly way is is a pet is someone who molests them or wants to molest them then man we got some problems here see we don't understand the words we use and then the cops go to me oh well well you're the only one in this whole world that you know understands this word in the right wait, yeah, well at least I'm the only one in this whole world that's not brainwashed.

The punishment for condemning one who has only done God's work is death in the fiery pit of Hades. The punishment for looking away while your own society does this is death in the abyss of Tartarus. But the reward for protecting innocence is eternal life.

Suffering for the sake of other people will obtain you God's favor.

Now I ask you, was the email my demon sent to dear Jennifer inaccurate at all, even a tiny bit? was I threatening her or was I prophesying exactly what happened you make that decision but I promise you there is only one correct answer ever since I got this back from the cops try to clean it and everything it's like there's a reed broken maybe that is why That's why the first chromatic harmonica that I got was this Chinese brand. Which is actually better than the Educator. Just this has two extra holes and it's difficult to do this with.

Not anymore. Start building an organization who provide asylum to individuals who whistleblow on both businesses and governments. individuals, not if you're only employed or whatever. Many individuals have many methods of obtaining information and to only provide respite to those who are employed under certain informational aspects will fail to protect the individual and society ultimately because you know people like me get their hands on a lot of information and to say that you only protect me if i have you know information that you find relevant provide asylum provide asylum to the people and they will come build it and they will come build it it'll all happen it'll all happen you don't need me just do it do it girl i believe in you i trust you do it you can take anything that you want from me and I will eventually find a way to make that funny but you cannot exploit other people without me fighting for my life to protect them. God bless us everyone.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



09-Dear-Ashley-E10-Evidence

While I'm here, let's go through it. Okay, so the recorder's started. Okay, the time is now 12.31pm on the 21st of February 2014. Okay, this is electronically recorded interview number R0311716 being conducted at Nimbin Police Station on the 21st of February 2014 between myself, Senior Council David Taranto and Wendell NeSmith.

NeSmith. NeSmith. With the capital S. Your system's not doing that, though.

With assisting officer Constable Bryn DeListerbird. For the recording, can you please state your rank and full name? It just showed up. It's Constable Bryn DeListerbird.

Do you agree, Wendell, that we're the only three people present in this room? I do, but they just showed up. Is that OK? Yeah, the screen goes. It's still recording.

Oh, OK, cool. Yeah. Sorry, because I was getting obsessed with it. All right, for the purpose of voice identification, Wendell, Can you please state your full name and date of birth?

June 27, 1984. Wendell Charles NeSmith. I do have one question before we continue. Is this being monitored at another location?

Okay, that's all I got. Thank you. Okay, I'm going to ask you some questions in relation to an allegation. Okay, the allegation is that you had a conversation with a woman, a Miss Park, from Youth Connections.

Oh, okay, I know this one, yeah. Okay, awesome. All right. She hung up on me.

on the 12th of february 2014 yeah yeah yeah i documented this this is good okay and then you also um sent her an email um sometime later um yeah to her yeah okay those emails i'm alleging has caused an amount of intimidation and also an offense under the telecommunications act as far as uh sending messages to harass but no all i did was send her i'm just telling the other So just hear me out, then you'll get your turn, okay? No problem. So that's what you're here for, okay? So that's what you're arrested for.

You're brought back to the police station, okay? You've given your rights by the custody manager under Part 9 of Lepra. You've agreed to participate in this interview, okay? So let me just finish this and I'll ask you to give me your...

I'm glad. I'm sorry. I was just all weird because I've been locked up and I didn't know why I'm here. Now I know why I'm here. It's funny. It's good.

I explained to you back at the park what you're under arrest for. No, but you didn't tell me the situation. You didn't tell me the situation that caused me. The situation that you were under arrest for the telecommunication offences.

Yeah, telecommunication. But if you looked at my productions, that's my whole life is basically telecommunication offences. So this one offence, I didn't know. Now I can reference it.

I'm good. I'm sorry. All right. Okay.

Let's continue. All right. So I'm going to ask you some questions about those allegations. Okay.

My questions and any answers you give will be reported on this machine here. Okay? Yes, sir. You understand that?

Awesome. Your rights were explained to you by the custody manager and you were given a copy of them. Do you want to exercise any of your rights now?

That's your right. Your rights are silenced. The rights that you don't have to speak to us if you don't want to and things like that. Well, I think this is a bit airy-fairy.

Like, any time taken to carry out charging procedures is going to... But whatever, like, that's not a problem. Let's not go on about that. So you understand your rights, yeah?

I can read. I understand articulation and what the form is. All right, will you please state your name and spell your family name? Wendell Charles NeSmith.

My family name is N-E capital S, M-I-T-H. Yes. Do you agree, once again, that were there any people in this room? Yes, sir.

Okay, do you agree to this recording being made? I do. Okay, this machine will record this interview on the three DVDs simultaneously. Okay?

Okay. At the end of the interview, I'll request that you sign all three DVDs, and what I'll do is I seal a copy of one of the recordings in front of you. Do you understand that? Yes, sir.

Okay. So once again, do you agree to this interview being recorded electronically? I do. I'm glad.

And I'm happy now because I didn't know why. Like, you freaked me out. As we said earlier, we're investigating the allegations of the telecommunication offences, okay, and intimidation, okay, that occurred between the 12th of February and the 16th of February, 2014. 12th and 16th.

That's correct. Okay, yes. Yes, sir, because then I emailed her the production. All right, hang on.

So we'll record these questions and your answers and what you do. We can use this recording in court. Awesome. Do you understand that?

I've got to go to court, right? Hang on a second, not yet. I need to explain this to you. Okay, I'm going to ask you some more questions about those offences.

Okay. But you don't have to say or do anything if you don't want to. Do you understand that? Okay.

anything you say or do will be recorded electronically do you understand that I do understand that okay so we'll record these questions and answers a big machine right on this machine right here okay we can use that in court you understand that well you can use all my productions in court too like and I film with my life my whole life is filming so this is just one of the main all right so you understand that yeah let's do it all right okay as I said in relation to those allegations that you had a conversation with a woman from I I did. She was mean, too. She was heartless. Alright, so you know what I'm referring to. On the 12th of February?

Yeah. She didn't care about... What can you tell me about that? Human decency.

Well, she... You brung her? Basically, I ran her because I wanted to volunteer to teach ancient music, and I have a whole outline. I'm actually doing it through my newest television show of how to teach ancient music to youth, right?

To any youth that wants to learn about ancient music. ancient music you know I got a lot got a violin I'm about to get an art or who which is the Chinese violin that I'm probably you heard it and I'm harmonica and thing is that I'm awesome with excuse me I'm awesome with like lots of different different instruments I'm really good with instruments and and I want to give to society I want to you know but the thing is is that then then you have to have an address in order to get a a police clearance it would think I had a police clearance in Canberra but in Canberra you didn't have to have an address and and that was cool but then when I came here I contact the community center and just I want I just want to teach music that's all I want to do is teach music and and you say you're right you're right I rang her and then and then she referred me to get a police clearance and then I heard you ring you're in our name there was a few people because first I ran the community center and then they referred me to the youth one yes and that's the youth one that says she's asked you to you that you need to get a police check done and that's happened from there yeah so so I call it up well first I call it up the guy I looked online found out everything I need and one of the stipulations was you need an address right so so then I um I caught up the motor place in Lismore right and spent like an hour and a half trying to talk to them saying I I don't have an address, you know. But I like living like this. I need to live in the wilderness.

The wilderness is where I'm tuned. That's where... But at some point, the conversation between you and her, see how it, yeah? Well, that was...

See, let me continue. So I spent a long time trying to figure out how I could get a police... A New South Wales. It's New South Wales.

Yeah, yeah, yeah. A New South Wales police clearance in order to teach music for free. Volunteer, right? And then...

No, can't do it. Can't do it. So then I call her back and try to figure out, you know, I really want to teach music. and and she's just rude straight away she's just really rude straight away and saying not like like oh you don't have an address like she realizes hey you don't got an address now we don't want you and then I'm kind of like you know what like all I want to do is teach music and you're like no like no address and that's it like so there's nothing you can do to kind of like and she didn't care she was just rude and rude and rude and and then eventually she hung up on me because all I was doing was asking I was just asking what can you why can I not do this why can I not do this and then when she hung up on me whatever but then I released a few days later I released Dear Ashley episode 2 which exposed what she did and you can see that on the internet for free like all my stuff is for free I live on the internet like I said. And while speaking to her did you say

something like you're a part of the system that was destroying you? Yeah she is, she is it's the truth because she's not because she's not, it doesn't matter like she needs to, her organization that she runs, if there's a situation especially, we're in Nimbin, we're supposed to be in an alternative capital, you know, there's a situation where this guy wants to give his heart his whole heart to, you know to teaching music because that's I'm really upset now because I just want to teach music and I have to do it on the internet because no one will let me because I don't have an address do you see what I'm saying? I can't teach music because I don't live a normal lifestyle. So I do it on the internet for free. And I would do it for

free. I just want to teach music. During one of the phone calls, it's alleged that you've said, I know where you work and I'll bring you down. And then you've hung up the phone, yeah?

I didn't hang up the phone. I said she hung up on me. What do you say to the comment, I know where you work and I'll bring you down? I said, I know where you work and I'm going to expose this information in my next TV show, or in my next production, that's what I said, in the next production okay and because you were upset on the phone when you were speaking to her do you think that you may have um caused her some concern or she should be concerned because now her her organization is in a is in a is in a really powerful television show and the thing is now that i've been in that see i've already done three episodes of that television show see i've done i've done three see this is my fourth television show i've done three television shows before this but this is my fourth one.

And the second one she's in, and she's going to make the fourth one now, because I've already done three. So during those phone calls, you don't believe that she might have felt intimidated by you? Well, she should be intimidated. I'm going to release all that information publicly to the world.

How I can't, she won't let me teach music, or she won't even try to find a way to allow me to teach music, which is what I just want to do. A police check, she told you that's what you're going to do. Yeah, but I can't get a police check in New South Wales without having a fixed address. which there's a problem there and if she's not um so that's a new south wells problem it doesn't matter she's following them if you're following oppression is oppression if you're if you're following hitler's orders you're you are still part of hitler's regime so you think she should be intimidated due to that well she should be intimidated that not not her personally her organization the way she is making her organization reflect and the way that it will reflect throughout all my work and the thing is my work is timeless i'm not i'm not focusing on any one thing now so it's going to reflect badly throughout the ages and do you think this this is going to change it this is going to make it worse she's not she's not very smart because she she did this in order to which is going to have a lot of consequences later like now because she just proved everything i said in episode two which now i can go back in episode four and just tell what she did and what happened and what i'm in for now because of her like it's all documented like you're saying, hey, this is really important. No, what's important is the documentation that I film for

you. And I'm not talking about a physical or threat, and I never made that. Like, I never even insinuated that. I don't do that. That's not how I roll. Let's fast forward to the 16th of

February. Okay, when I sent the email? Yeah. Yeah. What can you tell me about that? I just sent an

email with a link. This one here. I'll show you the copy of it. It was funny too. I love my writing.

This one here? Can I read it out, please? Yep. Oh, yeah, okay, so this is episode two, Epitaph of Sequelos, which that's actually the oldest composed music that we have in our history.

Can you read that out? Okay, enjoy this publicity of your organization for the rest of human civilization, however long that may be. Please also realize that my work compiles. That means that I always revisit injustices to both clarify the events as well as to present as proof of the truth behind my words.

Digging a grave for yourself will always result in you lying in those consequences. Maybe next time you will learn from your mistakes, but instead, ignore me and act like I am crazy. Look where I am. It is not my soul that is on the line, and it never was, because I'm just showing the truth.

That's all I'm doing. Have a good day of Apollo. Sunday, Sunday, Apollo. the lights of australia are about to turn on or be put out because i've exposed you all okay it's the truth you want me to write again i can write 500 of them like that i can just keep writing i'll write them again again again again do you believe that email may may have caused her some kind of fear or apprehension it should cause all of australia fear we need to fix our ways i'm talking about this email wendell do you think that might intimidate someone or cause them fear well they should look at did she look at that did she even see because if she did then she would realize that the next production...

Oh, I haven't talked about the link, I'm just talking about what you... But that's what I'm saying. It goes along with the link. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We'll get to the link.

Okay. Let's deal with this first. But that makes no sense. That was first. The link was before any of that. That is part

of that. Do you believe that digging a grave for yourself will always result in you lying in those consequences? Do you think that may have intimidated a woman? It's the truth. Who cares? I'm not a woman. A woman.

Okay, so you're saying you're sexist then. That's what I'm talking about. You're here sexist. No, the person you sent this to is a woman, yeah?

So I can refer to her as a woman. But you said intimidated a woman the way you said it. You can infer it from the recorded evidence now. Or a male.

I'm asking you the question. You don't ask me the question. I'm asking you. All of Australia needs to be intimidated by the problems.

And we need to either fix our problems or we're going to get in trouble. And the thing is we're going to be exposed to the world. We're going to look really bad in front of the world. Because do you think I'm the first?

I might be the first of this new way of living life, which is on the Internet publicly, but the thing is, it's going to keep happening. Australia's not getting any better. I'm a sociologist. I study society since I was a child.

I was abandoned as a child in a weird place called Australia. And then I go, hey, all these people are doing weird things. I started studying them. And then America, I was disconnected there, and I had no one.

What do you think is going to happen? This is who I am. That link on the email, there was certain filming or footage on that link. The first I think showed you at the Niven State Park on your harmonica and whatever.

But then you talk about suicide and things like that, yeah? Yeah, well, past works. I talk about my reflected death, which was taking a camera. I talk about meaning of life.

I talk about what is love. Those are all courses. You can look on my website. Those are really long courses, too.

They're philosophy courses. It's a comprehensive philosophy course. So do you understand that if you're talking about suicide, you're certainly linked to her, you're talking about, you know, But I'm referring, I'm referring. I'm just saying, do you believe that that may intimidate somebody?

That cause them fear? Every Australian should be, not just Australian, every individual in this world should be caused fear by my word. That's the yes. So yes, not her, I'm not saying specifically her.

I'm saying everybody in this world needs to be fearful of what I've captured on camera. because the thing is is that it's proof it is documented when you catch something on camera it is proof so you understand that that may have caused her to fear but i think the whole world i'm not i'm not targeting her i'm targeting the world like we need to wake up or we're gonna die we need to start caring about people we need to we need to learn how to take care of our world our planet or we're gonna be in trouble all right there's a mobile phone here wendell that's your phone yes sir okay is there anything on that phone that shouldn't be on there or do you believe I'll unlock it for you and I can show you like I can't give you the phone right now okay so I'm not saying you're going to delete things but I don't want things to be okay but I'm gonna let you know at this stage right that I'm going to seize the phone for a period of time it's the only thing I do please please it's my I live online do you want to do you want to provide the the password to your phone if you can not seize it no I need it please please I need my phone that's the only thing i got please i live online i'm there's an episode it's not forever it's just it's just till we have a quick look at the content i quit how long well it depends on how much i can go into how much how much stuff's on there nothing like it's it's just some there's you want to tell me how long there's hardly anything on there i'm asking you do you want to provide the password to the phone i'm asking you how long you're going to have it for i don't know it depends but if there's things on me you can't do this you can't take away my life I want I'm gonna fight for that I'm gonna fight for that you you want oh because that's my whole life you know you want to look at anything on there sure I'll let you but the thing is that's the password to define me I'm not I'm not gonna give you something if you're not gonna tell me how long you're gonna have it for what's it I can't give you I can't give it a definite date okay a date see that's not good you're taking away everything you're taking away you can't do that you cannot do that you want to take away that you lock me up in here you want to take away that you lock me up you want to look at everything there I'll unlock it for you look at everything you want there's not much on it basically I delete my films after see all I do is a film and then and then once all the films accumulate I upload and then I delete my films but you can't take away my lifeblood you can't take away that that that is my profession that is everything you can't take away uh uh do you want to provide the password or not yes or no if if you give me time frames of how long you're gonna are you gonna have more than today like that's not that's not cool no no that's not cool it's a no password okay i'm gonna i'm gonna protest i'm gonna protest this this this isn't cool you can't take my life no you can't do this you can't do this no no who cares is there anything you want to say in relation to the allegation oh no i want that allegation as you i don't care about this is crap this is bullcrap it doesn't matter what what matters is you're taking away my lifeblood you okay do you take away a hammer from a blacksmith no you don't know what what oh you what what are you going to do like this is how i breathe i breathe through that thing it's the only thing it's the only electronic equipment i have what i'm going to do um wendell is i'm going to get here so let me no no i'm going to get so many thousand bucks sitting here three three zero one I was like three six three three three six nine six do it three six nine six three six prove it open up and do it just see it but the thing is you've got to give me that back like that's not cool that's not cool oh yeah three because I got I got payments like coming through too on Saturday I get paid tonight and I gotta pay like you you're screw me up. Ok, press the button, press the button, the middle, the button, yeah, and then, that's it. So you'll give me this.

Cut photos. Ok, so I study, go back, with movement, see, go, see, over there, the left button, it'll show you all of them. Ok, so, see, those are the, that's the film, that's the latest film, and scroll up, like, see, that's, that's the very bottom, so those are just films, see, I'm, I live entirely publicly on the internet like everything you get is on the internet it seems so stupid when you want to take away that because because just yesterday is on the internet like and the thing is that that that next episode is uploading now if you go to Dropbox you'll see it's uploading um which means I'm I'm releasing I was supposed to be releasing this episode today and and we got it documented now that episode three which was supposed to be released today is now not going to be released um due to due to you taking it away from me and not only that i'm screwing up my whole bank account because i got bills that have to be paid yes sir have you got any any child pornography on here or any child expect exploitation material at all no sir no i don't do that stuff no what about your book ivory heart this is my you've made references in there not not child pornography that's terrible that's really terrible all my work is trying to fix that What I'm going to do at the moment is I'm going to get, I can't say anything now that causes me any great concern, which is good for you. What do you mean? There's nothing. It doesn't matter. Good for me. Screw it. I've done nothing wrong.

Okay, so I'm going to get Senior Constable Buxley in here. He'll speak to you about the way the interview was conducted. Okay, we'll just go through this phone. If there's nothing on here that causes us concern, you'll have the phone back today. Not a problem.

thank you thank you because it's my life can you please go to dropbox like i'll show you because okay press the press the button press the button oh yeah press the button yep and and dropbox right there see this this is all public on the internet but but the thing is go go productions is this where you sent the email from no no and this is all public anyway okay now go to dear ashley look it's uploading that's the third episode um that's uploading now whether you I don't got reception because we're in a bad reception area yeah but but that's okay so what we're gonna do and I'm gonna get some couple bucks I need I need to upload that's supposed to be released today it's supposed to be released today thank you please please you said that you said that recorded I'll be able to release it today and not only that tonight I've got anything that shouldn't be on it because I don't have anything good right here my partner is going to get the other customer in here you'll speak to me about the way the interview was conducted okay and then we proceed from there I'll explain to you further what goes on okay this phone here this is what you sent the email to the woman from that email I showed you yes sir that was from your phone you can go gmail right there you can see all my sent mail like primary and go to the sent where's the one you sent sent mail no I got lots of emails like that I'm gonna hopefully everybody does this I think we're just in the one to um youth connections yeah yeah you'll see um is it 16th sunday well maybe that's my dad we're not getting along is that and quarter no that's the but what what day was it the 14th

yeah just go search and um anyway we'll get to that i'll let sunny castle bucks Can you just start, if you just try to speak to you, I'll just exit the room, the way you can speak to you.

Senior Constable Buxton entering the room, Senior Constable Torrento leaving. Can I sit over there? Just stay there, Wendell, because the video is recording you from there, okay?

Wendell, I'm Senior Constable Nathan Buxton, and I am not connected with the matter you have been interviewed with. Do you understand that? I do understand that.

Okay, my function is to ensure the fairness and the conduct of the interview. Do you understand that? I do. Are you Wendell Charles NeSmith, N-E-S-M-I-T-H, date of birth 27-6-84?

Nesmith. Nesmith. Yes, sir.

Have you made this record interview of your own free will? Yes, I think it's funny. I think it's hilarious. Has any conduct or threat of conduct by the interviewing police that could be considered violent, oppressive, inhumane, or degrading influenced you to give the answers recorded in this interview?

In this interview? you um I was at first the whole time I came here I was on on edge because I didn't know I was here for and once once they told me while I was here that cleared up everything so you could have had like such a cooperating person if you just told me I think that's very inappropriate the way you handle the way you took me all right Wendell just so but but as far as this interview is fine but I but now that's public so that's okay so the answer to that question is it's good it was good okay is any promise or offer of the van he's been held out to you give held out to you to give the answers recorded in this interview have you any complaints to make about the manner in which you were interviewed this date leading up to the interview yes everything the whole process up until the interview or these questions are just in relation to the interview that took place here in front of the video on the audio yeah well it's the beginning of it because I was unsure of why I was here so I do have a complaint about the beginning of it because if I if I knew I was here I wouldn't have had a problem at the beginning do you see I'm saying you're talking about you're talking about the beginning of this interview because I didn't know I didn't know why I was here at the beginning of the interview and then so you find me you see me on camera discovering why I'm here. Okay. Wendell, were a series of questions and statements put to you by the investigating police in relation to what they were going to ask you on the video?

Okay. So everything was explained to you, the process of what was going to happen on the interview? Yeah. And it all went perfectly fine after I learned why I was here.

Okay. So in relation to having a complaint about the manner in which the interview took place, what's the actual once I learned why I was here it was awesome so as you say there was a myth there was I was confused I was very confused you saying you were confused at the start of the interview but once it was explained to you while you were here it was just no problem with your friends have you made a handwritten statement about this matter handwritten about this matter no but it's on it's not handwritten it's on video footage it's on video footage but have you... No, no, I'm saying my production, episode two, Song of Seacolos. Okay. Epitaph

of Seacolos. Okay, the time now is 1.09 p.m. on the 21st of February 2014, and the interview... 13.09. The interview isn't going to be stopped.


༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
https://republicka.life
https://kkk.education
CC0 PUBLICKÁ DOMÁNIA
ALL LOVE RESERVED
AMORIARIACKA IS MY NATIVE TONGUE
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻