༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
💕 My Symposium 💕
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻

July 21, 2015


My Symposium captures an extended, raw video diary recorded in July 2015, framed around the speaker’s personal search for an idealized partner, purpose, and self-understanding. Addressing an unseen, theoretical soulmate dubbed "Ivory," the narrator speaks directly to the camera about his hopes for connection, his thoughts on philosophy and social dynamics, and his desire to turn personal struggles into public dialogue.

The narrative unfolds through intimate reflections on past hardship, including a failed marriage, years of homelessness across Australia, and feelings of social isolation. Interweaving everyday moments of video production with candid personal admissions, the piece details his coping mechanisms, ambivalence toward societal conventions, and deep longing for emotional and intellectual compatibility.

Ultimately, the transcript documents an intensely introspective portrait of loneliness, creative drive, and vulnerability. As the speaker questions his own thinking, addresses past relationships, and articulates a desire to help others through shared suffering, the work stands as an unvarnished attempt to find order, companionship, and meaning through the lens of a personal video journal.


------


10-My-Symposium-Date-1-Relaunch

In this book, Plato explored a divine method of employing romantic love. But he does not stop there. Based from mythological stories told over and over and over and over and over and over until one of them is destined to succeed. Let me present to you a game. Some people call it music. I call it life. But it's result. Let's go to Neverland and theorize about what a perfect couple might be.

perfect couple there's no such thing we're all humans i'm not they call me betwixt and between half human and half bird when we grow up we forget we lose our happy thoughts we become imprinted in the society in which created us we become like them we become entangled in lies and deceit because that is the way society conditions us if we are not financially profitable then we have no value on this planet what is value what is valuable what is worth me sticking my neck out placing efforts in and what is the result that I am striving for. Do you see what I'm doing, girl? This is what I need in my romantic other.

To post videos about really awesome subjects for the rest of our lives and when we get good enough with music, then we can integrate that too.

But in order to do this, you have to be smart. You don't necessarily have to be smart right now.

But by being with me, you will become smart.

You'll even be smarter than me. Eventually, you'll be smarter than me. You'll be my teacher.

In actual fact, you already are my teacher. Because I would not have done any of this if it wasn't for you. I would have become a pleb. You have taught me the most important lessons in life.

I do not even know you. This is how I can show my gratitude towards you. What is love? How can I show the girl that I love? My feelings, my passion, my heartache, my loneliness, my tears, my thoughts, my ideas, my world.

when I don't even know her. What do I need in a girl? What physical, mental, and spiritual characteristics would fit like a puzzle piece into me? There's three aspects and I'm trying align them all because if I line them all then we have a divine couple who is one I need a girl with a big heart a girl who knows pain she can be shy in real life like I am but she must stand strong in front of the camera and give her cutest smile. I want a philosopher. If you're young, please do your major at

university in philosophy. You can do whatever masters or postgraduate stuff you want, but get your foundations right. Please do philosophy for me. I would help you every single step of the way. It's pretty easy once you learn, you know, the

basics. It kind of just all the same just revolves around like once you understand the subject then you can then reconstitute the subject so you know one aspect of the subject so you know how that thinker is thinking so then you can kind of build their whole philosophy again and again just using one aspect of what they were talking about it's all logic it's pretty easy once you get used to it you have to be gorgeous because you're gonna be a star we're gonna be a star. You're going to be much more of a star than I am. I'm just a strange guy doing something really strange. Once we're together it's going to be a completely different story. I'll help you get

there. Ultimately I really want to spend you know as much time with you as possible in this life and nine to five jobs make that difficult because then what I go out and be the breadwinner and you take care of the kids or you go out and be the breadwinner and I take care of the kids or, you know, something like that. I don't like the way that's structured. Shouldn't we be together doing it together?

Shouldn't we be equal autonomous individuals who are working together in this life, not only taking breaks from, you know, our employment to be together? So ultimately, I think we should create a business or somehow work together. My purpose and your purpose are different.

My purpose is to enable you to fulfill your purpose. I'm not so sure what your purpose is.

That's something you'll have to figure out by yourself by consulting with the heavens. But our purpose together is to be the coolest online couple that could ever exist. help a lot of people with their problems along the way yes I'm shouting out to one girl but there are many girls that feel like you my love want to cut it I want to cut it I want to cut it I couldn't do it I couldn't be the man you needed I couldn't practically apply all that I learned into the world want to cut it when I cut it wasn't there it haunts me look at the world walk the streets. Talk to homeless people. I know you've encountered people who haven't had

a place to stay. Why is it like that? I know you've talked to people who wanted to end their own life or most likely you have as well. Why is that? What can we do

about that? We got one lifetime. Can we make a difference? Can two people, individuals, coming together for a common goal to help remove suffering from the world, help alleviate suffering from the world? Can they make a difference? Can we change the world?

How am I to find a girl who hasn't decided what she wants to do in life yet and convince her that what I'm doing is awesome and that we could be really happy together if she just followed the path that I'm on? I do believe that I have a soulmate out there somewhere. who is crafted for me as I was crafted specifically and only for her. I am not looking for just any girl. Siri where is my soulmate? Interesting question Wendell.

2015. You don't have to be religious dear girl but you do have to be spiritual we have to learn to drive the car in which we were given and how to play its music and we will worship God in our own way together I only come to this place looking for you and we must pay for our social interactions because this isn't God's currency and all of our life music will praise God and its messages will teach us that what we have to be humble even though we are awesome and from time to time we will have to consult God to ensure that our path is is clear and to make sure that we're doing the right thing at new friends very nice people

lost others learn from the message about this about my life time to go to god to ask what he wants me to do what it wants me to do because i'm pretty sure god has no gender why do I do this why am I compelled to romance a fictional girl why am I wired like that I can't do anything other than that I'll tell you what happened it was I had a good childhood up until my parents split up and then my dad found an online girlfriend and moved to australia and i was at a really bad school and i didn't want to stay in that school in america so i then went and lived with my dad who had been there for a year already and that enabled me to get a residency which then ultimately enabled me to get a citizenship in Australia. But I went there and it was a different world. Everything was strange. I didn't know. It was all confusing. And I met a girl and she was receptive to me. So I latched

on to her and then i moved out of my dad's place in with her and her mom i had my own room so it wasn't too inappropriate although sometimes it did lead that way but but then then i got engaged to her and then i married her at 18 and i tried and i tried and and the thing like throughout all my other productions i kind of talk bad about her sometimes and and it was probably me because i'm a head case because she wasn't really romantic and i'm built to serve and she's not structured like that. She couldn't open up emotionally to me the way I needed her to. So she left me and that was at the age of 22. Um, 18, 19, 21, 22, 23. Sorry, that was 24. And so I was

24 and she divorced me. You have to wait a year before you can, after you separate before you can divorce so she divorced me at 25 i guess it would be and i went back after she left me i went back to america because i thought my family would welcome me and they kind of did but then i messed it up because because of situations that that's a different story um and and then i took bought a ticket back to to australia but i didn't have anywhere in australia to go but i was a citizen so i could so i went to melbourne because it's kind of alternative and i thought that was you know where i was at but then some things happened which um weren't my fault that were inflicted from other people in which um left me without any money so i ended up in melbourne without any money and then i became homeless and i became homeless for five years and it's like what am I going to do? What am I going to do? And I don't know what am I going to do. I'm homeless.

I got all these bags. I can't keep them. So I had to ditch most of the stuff. I don't have any precious items. You know, I don't have photographs. I don't have old memorabilia. What goes through my

hands leaves my hands eventually because I'm always on the run or always on the search, not the run. I'm searching, searching for you. But why am I tuned like that? Why am I compelled to do that?

um what is it with my psychology if if the doctors are going to say there's something wrong what's wrong with my psychology for me to do that because i think it's um it's built within me to try to find the most attractive woman to me so i can reproduce the best children but the thing The thing is that the most attractive woman to me is one that is physically, mentally and spiritually of somewhat my capability. Someone that I can call my equal. And the thing is, I think if someone started doing this at a young age, then anyone, any one person started doing this at a young age and trying to find that, then that entire process would eventually make that person very smart and very gifted in the aspects that they were most focused in. and i think it could people doing stuff like this could really ultimately help society because we would all get to learn who each other who each other are um we could open up to each other and about about who we are and and shine as the stars that we are and we can use our gifts in different ways so maybe not everybody you know can do the video like i can or or you know maybe i'm doing it bad maybe i'm really terrible at this does this really suck like i don't know i'm not all that like i'm playing around i see i have this little thing that can you know record stuff and i can choose you know let's i gotta flip it um so i can see what i'm doing and then like you know should i show this on camera should i show that this this right here is um is acting as some type of agent to be able to manifest these thoughts critically about how my own psychology functions and you know like what can I do about it I'm looking at how I'm thinking and how I'm thinking is not how anybody else around me thinks and I don't understand why there's not more people thinking like me because even if people like me fail at finding their um their most beautiful lover then um then the thing is that the world is going to see a lot of um of really great works of art um in both the fields of science and um and and art like every single field can can be at its maximum because if you're placed around the people that are highly tuned in the same uh similar areas as you then you yourself grow as a person and you understand how those are practically applied over time because you see it in the day-to-day actions of the individual and in in which performs so the character of the individual and how how they show their life shine it to the world express it on camera you can see who I am as a person like I'm going to be releasing all all the journeys I've had all of my past works will be released eventually um no I can't say all of them because some of them the cops were not too keen on um so everything that the cops didn't care about um i'm gonna let go uh and i guess one of my books i have to be careful with too uh but but the thing is that i've done all this this is how i spent all my time like maybe i'm just a bum that i guess i study what the stuff the subjects i study revolve around being able to bring this to you and make this production available um so why am i doing i'm broken because you know I'll say these things I'll say these things but ultimately I'm I'm lonely I'm so lonely and and I'm too vain to be able to accept someone that isn't perfect for me and maybe that's going to be my downfall is I won't accept second best because the best to me is is actually giving it your all and perfect to me is is entirely putting oneself out there and and even though there's many many many flaws it's that those flaws that created those perfections because once we identify those flaws, we can beautify them. So I think the

core of my human condition is that what is ugly, what is ugly can, flowers can be planted around what is ugly to make it more attractive to the public i have a charger but i can't film while it's charging and i don't have a lot of battery so i can't really review the footage because that's just going to take battery so i guess i'm just going to go for it and i think I was skipping over things too quickly, some things, aspects of those things. Always trying to be alternative as a kid, not wanting to conform to social norms. And to be honest, those social norms scared me, so I didn't want to be a part of what they were doing. And my marriage, that's where I need to focus on.

What did I do wrong? There's things I don't want to get into, at least at this point in time, that I did wrong. But I guess I failed her because I couldn't please her enough to make her want to stay with me. And we didn't have any kids. We were going to eventually have kids, but we didn't. But I tried. She just didn't want to, she couldn't fulfill my needs and I couldn't fulfill hers.

so it wasn't really a good match it was it was a match based on necessity because i needed somewhere to live because i just moved out of my parents house that out of my dad's house at like the age of 15 or 16 i've gone out it's gone out hold on brief intermission okay so what But what was I going to do? I was a kid that was introduced to this strange world of Australia, which I still don't understand, at least when they get in groups. So then I analyze them. So then I get into sociology and psychology to a certain degree, but more philosophy.

So I'm trying to understand why people do the things that they do and the difference between individual actions and collective actions. So I'm trying to be able to distinguish how I should respond when, like tonight, someone asked how old I was and I said 31. they thought I was joking and and then tried to get me to tell them the real answer so then I said 31 and and they then did not believe me so like it became a game and and then like someone else said oh he's 22 so then she says oh he's 22 okay so and how and then she says so you're 22 I'm like uh no it's just like so she still didn't realize you know that so i ended up showing her my id just to prove it but i shouldn't have done that and the thing is i hate this and this has always happened to me all all throughout like ever ever since i turned like it was oh it's always always looked younger than than i am and i haven't even shaved you know like i get one day i got if i gotta shave one okay like i'll grow a full beard in like a week and a half so i gotta be careful i gotta shave to look like this um why should i not look like this but like i don't want a beard because it irritates me uh i'm going this is what this is the path of this particular substance and the mode in which it trains my thought and see i need that in a girl that's that's really important because i get off topic i forget what we're talking about and then i have to rebuild the steps it takes in order to get back there in order to continue where i left off so that's why doing a lot of different you know works of uh video and audio and and stuff like that i learned really well from because it keeps me on track um for example um i use text to speech to keep like i hate reading reading sucks because because like i'm too absorbed in it it takes me so long to understand i have to understand before i move on whereas text to speech will actually direct me and i do really good with lectures and things like that so that's kind of my learning style um how how have i gotten onto this topic okay so let's go back my marriage um i i i love jenna and and i wanted to give my heart to her and i mean i did like we got married and and i guess i just i'm sick i'm a bit i'm broken look how i'm wired like who who acts like this in society so she couldn't handle that i guess and that's why i'm trying to make it attractive can i like can doing this like and you know the hair let's do that you know am i a poser you know i for church only for church i actually took my black fingernail polish off but you know i really like the black fingernail polish um so so like and why why should i have to um not wear black fingernail polish like uh, why can't I attach, um, feminine qualities within my character, and, and why would that be unacceptable in society, um, because at the end of the day, I can still be attractive, so, like, where are the boundaries, always searching the boundaries, um, yeah, okay, so jenna didn't gel with this and i had a few um emotional issues that it took to understand all of this stuff that i'm talking to you about within my own head um so so she couldn't handle it anymore um i don't know she never talked to me about it she kind of just left and i mean she gave me she gave me this list of things that i would have to do in order for her to stay with me and i think it was like 12 a list of 12 things and i don't know um and some of them didn't sound like like too attractive like for me to do to change in order for her to stay with me um and and i never know see i don't want to really say this because i don't want to say something that's not true but i did i did blatantly ask her before she left me if she's if she cheated on me and and she refused to answer um so like i really shouldn't have said that but you know it's just it's it's done it's done um maybe what is this like look see look What, Siri's talking? Oh, what, what the crap?

Um, so, this Siri thing, it's so weird. Like, see, see, there it goes. What can I help? Every time he tells, what can I help you with?

What can I help you with? What can I help you? Okay. Yeah, stop.

Okay, I gotta, my friend turned that on. I gotta figure out how to turn it off. But, you know, why can't I play with lighting to, okay, I got to figure out, yeah, the lighting, you know, where, I haven't even done myself up, let's, let's, okay, look, is that what it looks like to be a stone person? yeah is that is that what it looks like to be a stone person let's see how can I be beautiful see how stupid okay so so I guess a lot of Australian girls aren't really looking for this and and it comes with the accent to the accent isn't I I don't know, a lot of girls say they like it, but it doesn't seem to attract them to me.

And I'm very slow. I'm very slow.

I'm smart, but I'm slow. It takes me a while to figure out. See, that just drains a lot of battery, and I don't know how much battery I got left. But it takes me a while to figure out things.

Like, you got to tell me things and then make sure I understand them. And then I have to write them down in a certain way in order for me to remember. So, like, I'll have to get an email. If I got an email, I can star it or I can use, like, Notepad or put it in my schedule or something like that.

like like I get um it's nine to five jobs are hard for me um because my sleep patterns because I don't sleep very well uh so that's why I'm studying um to figure out how I can position my life to be a bit more flexible um but might mean I work late or something like that uh which I don't know. It would all depend. But I would need someone that could understand how my psychology works and be able to hold multiple conversations at the same time. That's really the big point at the end of the day. Because I want to talk about something now and that

might bring up something else. And I want to be able to discuss this something else. And And then changed the topic to my marriage and how I failed to be the person that she needed me to be when I vowed to do that. And I made a lot of mistakes, I made a lot of mistakes.

I drank a little bit, like, for a while I drank a lot, but the thing is that this right here, this right here, I don't need to drink when I have that, but I'm paranoid, I'm really paranoid, I'm scared of the cops, so, like, I don't want to do something illegal, but the thing is, I work so much better, you know, having that rather than alcohol, because alcohol is really not good for me because what I do like I don't have it all the time I'll do it like like once a week or once every two weeks or something like that and it's the same with alcohol um so uh which one's the better alternative um but with alcohol I'll buy like a carton and I'll just drink the whole carton so I'll have I'll be like drunk for like three days And then once the carton's gone, I won't drink for another two, two and a half weeks. And then I'll get another carton and I'll just be drunk for days again.

But I was brewing my own beer there when I was with Jenna. And I was even just stealing spirits. And it was so cheap. So it was really easy to drink too much.

Um, but I didn't do anything bad necessarily while being drunk, but, but I wasn't, you know, I wasn't a good, it wasn't good that, you know, my actions were, were not the best for her. I wasn't as supportive as I could have been if I was a sober man.

And I'm very sorry to her for that. It goes both ways.

It's both of our faults. But I'm sorry for my portion. and now after the and like almost at like when she left she made it clear that she wasn't interested so that's when the concept of ivory started to to um just it was born that's where was born and um and although I spent a lot of effort trying to save the marriage um in which she refused to respond to um and even made me feel creepy for doing like like I tried to come to her mom's house where she was and to talk to her um because I just wanted to talk And she thought I was being creepy for doing that and tried flowers and that was, yeah. And then I gave her emails over that year that we had to wait, see two minutes left on the camera, that we had to wait.

and tried my best to convince her that I could be the man she needed and even tried to re-propose to her, tell her that we should renew our vows, but she rejected me. And that is where the concept of ivory was born because I had no one and I was in Perth, the most secluded city in the entire world and I have one minute on the camera and Perth really, and I only had a few friends and all Jenna's friends were no longer my friends after Jenna left me. So I guess that leaves me pretty much isolated from the world and as the camera um the battery lights now telling me it's gonna do you know that my life you know felt I felt dead okay I charged it for a little bit I'm not sure how much longer I got okay so let's get back to it um boohoo I was left and then I had to figure out um how I was to survive and i was studying at that time but i was trying to start my own business that failed too so uh i had to give that up and i had to give my dog up which i really love my dog and i spent so many hours training her to be awesome it was a chihuahua too it was awesome taco um but but at the the end of the day is i ended up with no one in perth um living in perth with only a few friends um which weren't living you know weren't hanging out with me on a day-to-day basis so I had no one um so then I went back to America blah blah that didn't work out went to Melbourne like I said um then I went just I started traveling because I didn't have a place to go so and I just basically had everything that I could put on my back which ended up me I ended up burning my passport and, like, all my paperwork, all my paperwork, I destroyed everything, um, because, like, I had nothing, and, and, you know, like, my, my bag broke, and then the stuff I did have, I had less of, so, like, I, and I didn't have any chance of getting a home or anything, so I just started walking, and I walked from Melbourne and ended up in Bacchus Marsh, um, where the cops then caught me and then put me on a train to

Ballarat which fed me and and put me in a really unsafe environment where someone tried to break into my room and so then I just got a locker at the TAFE there and Then just went into the wilderness at first. I didn't have a tent, but eventually I got paid and I got a tent

And then I went from, like, I went from there to Kreswick, and then from Kreswick, I went, then I went back to Perth to be with my friend Chris, and I lived with Chris for a while, and then I went, tried to, you know, get into the alternative scene. So I went to the Gold Coast and then to, um, about, uh, the, um, then went to Byron Bay and then I went to Nimbin and then I went to Lismore and then from Lismore I went to Canberra and I stayed in Canberra for a while. I did a lot of filming there. Uh, there's a lot to look forward to, um, with that footage.

Uh, but, but then I ended up and I released, you know, I just made productions to this imaginary girl and i thought it would be a really good kind of device ploy so i could share my own abilities with other people um and at the same time try to romance a fictional girl and the thing is is that girl like you know if if someone can can fulfill those needs that i set out in those And in the educational material in which I provide, then I could find the girl who is right for me. And as the symposium, as we started this movie, I guess it's turned into, said that when you get two who first come to the body, they then learn other bodies and and see the beauty in all bodies and the ultimate goal is to see the beauty in in the oneness and kind of in God in God so we have to go from in we have to go into out so from internal to external so that means we got to go from our body so let's be beautiful. I know the lighting is terrible, but let's do what we can with it when we have it. And that's step one. And step two is to do that with our minds. And that's what we

do with our education. That's why we should start with philosophy. And then with our spirits at the end so there's those three aspects um that we must consider in order to um in order to obtain a correct match that can enable the individual to be the best individual that they can be that's wrong by the way but do you see what i mean how i get started on one subject and it leads me to another and then I take a while to get back to the other subject but I always end up getting back to those subjects so it's like the conversation creates sub-conversations which ends up being conversations in themselves but those other conversations get put on hold and I know this is a peculiar aspect about myself and a lot of people can't handle it but the thing is it's not only how I'm wired to exist it's also how I think would be best for the human population to be wired to exist I think it would have the optimal outcome for the public if this method of processing information were to become popular and understood even or even explored. But back to what I was saying about being in the wilderness, so every time I would go to these places, sometimes I would have a place to stay for a little while, but most of the time I just had a tent and some of those times I didn't have a tent and some of those times I didn't have food so I've gone weeks without food before and it really changes you and even though I didn't have any control over that I turned those times of plight into spiritual um journeys uh so it ended up um bettering me as a person being a homeless guy wandering around trying to figure out how to eat and drink and not be seen by the public and not stand out and uh look like a uni student easily um and not not get caught because every time you get caught um people tell you leave so then you have to leave and you have to find another little base um somewhere in the wilderness and I filmed lots of animals for you and made lots of stories around the animals um but it was really um eye-opening and and because I did it it showed me what I need to do in life and the areas that I need to focus on and I need to focus on homelessness and I need to focus on suicidal ideation. I need to focus on autism spectrum disorder.

I need to focus on people that think differently and how society can set up structures for people who think differently to be able to um to be able to hone in on the the abilities that they have that are more enhanced and that way they could produce more for society um and and even figure out how to make it profitable because um because not everybody's wired around making money And if you had people that were, you know, looking for certain abilities that were available, then, like, if we just figured out how to use, you know, whatever this is, you know, for society, then I would be able to feed my stomach and, you know, make a good living. um sorry that you know the nine to five jobs really kill me like I'll do them I'll do them but but they're gonna really hurt they can't see three minutes left on the camera um and then I'll have to charge it and I'll have to wait again for it um but yeah so I did this for five years that's long time and and then I met a guy called John and he's my roommate now and he moved to where I am now so but we were roommates before for a short period of time so I kind of moved state just to stay as roommate and he's really cool and he's a social worker and he helps um disabled people so um he's like a role model to me so he's really really good for my psychology so i want to keep him around um and and i guess that's what i'm doing in life is i'm trying to find those people who are really good for my psychology and ultimately the girl um that can is receptive to what you know what this you know what my body what my mind and what my spirit are presenting um if you're you know if you're receptive to that and you're gorgeous and you're willing to you know give your heart to the world like i'm doing right now on camera for the rest of your life um then then please you know contact me that's what i'm here for oh i gotta go because the camera needs to be charged god says to do new work and don't release the old until i find her the truth is that i am just a lonely boy whose only friend who could understand him was the camera. And even though sometimes it was fuzzy,

I could always step back and see the equation more clearly.

I'm working with, like, two minutes. Like, it says one minute on the camera now, but, like, I'll charge it for, like, ten minutes and then have a go, and then, yeah, so. oh there's another message this movie is now complete i'm sorry it didn't turn out as expected the only reason it's complete is because the internal storage on that thing is about to go and i don't have a computer to put the files over so i can empty it and continue shooting so that means it's complete um i'm sorry it turned out a bit strange but all of my productions do um god intervenes and makes happen what needs to happen and not what i plan in my head so i guess i have to end on the same note that i always do on my knees dear venus goddess of love Take pity on me and give me one like my ivory.

Is it you?

I'm sorry, Dad. I'm sorry, Mom. I'm sorry, Ricky. And I'm sorry, Jenna.

Please forgive me.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



10-My-Symposium-Date-2-After-Party

Okay, babe, so here's how we produce it. You just get your hands on any type of laptop or whatever, netbook preferably. This thing's pretty small and as you can see, it has a really long battery life. So that's the sort of thing you want.

It doesn't have to be too good. So the camera, which is here, I just plugged it in to this and then copied the files to here. See my symposium? And see they're all there and they're already in chronological order because the way the camera named it.

So that's the last one. So get rid of this crap. And, see, I very import it into this, so you got to get this program. I bought it legally because it was really good, but then they upgraded it, and my old one stopped working, so, um, yeah, you should get it legally, yes.

Okay, so, um, that's all in there. Um, the settings, you know, just, it doesn't really matter too much. um i used to be really weird about the settings trying to get the best i could but uh but you know who really cares the videos here see maybe it's a little bit pixelated is a little bit pixelated i don't give it not not it's a fuzzy that's not why i'm doing this this isn't why you're doing it either so um the only thing you have to do here is click merge into one file and then we click that button and it goes.

Now it's time to be pretty.

Everything worthwhile takes time.

Why do you think I do this?

Such a poser.

It's for you because you'd probably be sad.

I want to be sad with you so we can be happy. Maybe you will not like it, but I will stand out of the crowd takes a long time it's okay we're doing video editing on a machine that was not meant to do that okay so it's done and now it's time to copy that file or move that file so it's put it in my documents here and we can look at it and see that it's 731 megabytes which is okay um it doesn't really matter so ctrl x to cut it and then we're going to put it straight on the cloud um so we already got c here in my drop box got horsey which horsey is going to be the name of this entire project um which is a reflection of the trojan war um and the horse that was used um i'm sure you know what i'm talking about um but yeah so i just got to paste it in there um that will take some time so yeah i just paste it in there um actually before i'll just rename it too so i'll name it See, I've got to put the back of it in my mouth like this so I can hold it so I can use two hands.

It's in my symposium and you can see that it's now uploading and if I look in the corner here, Um, then it's not even, oh, here it is. It's saying up to date, but it's not up to date. Um, it'll, um, pause syncing, I don't know. It'll come in. They're pausing. Uh, it'll do it eventually. Um, but, yeah, let's look at the date. We always gotta do that.

see it's going and I also wanted to mention about this production it didn't really turn out how you know I was expecting I kinda mentioned it a little bit in the last one you know doing that and then and then opening up it brought up a lot of topics so I guess I got many more productions to cover the things that I didn't cover in the last production so we'll see but this whole process is fun and it's so easy it took me so long how to learn how to make it this easy so I hope you appreciate what you're getting here wait for it it's too late this one will be uploaded tomorrow let's see more we'll have to tweak it a bit we won't get it right every time okay watch this So, press the button, the button, here's the button, okay, evolve, evolve. From one subject and me to another, another subject, getting back to those subjects, so it's like the conversation creates sub-conversations, which ends up being conversations in themselves, but those other conversations get put on hold, and I know... How cool are those conversations? Like, let's talk about the conversation of conversations. Let's talk about how we converse and how we could optimize our ability to converse the most effective way around the people who are most receptive to those ways.

The funny thing is that all of this completely aligned with this symposium, which was a party. So, I'm having my party now. Don't do this all the time, girl. So this is the new size. I reviewed it and I'm going to upload it. I don't care. I was going to get my friend's opinions, but I think it needs to be said. So let's do it.

I don't think I'm ever going to do this take right, but the thing is, is that I need to beautify all of my mistakes. And as you can see, I'm drinking, but the thing is, is I'm learning how to play something at the same time. And if you just ignore how crappy I am of a musician, then you might learn something about how to perform, um, like I'm doing. So, let's see if I can do it. This isn't going to work out. I've done thousands of takes. Thousands, I don't know, maybe, maybe.

some subjects for the rest of dc i'm such an idiot i think my human condition is that what is ugly flowers it goes much deeper than that i'm really fucked up girl i'm not really sure what to do anymore this is nothing here's your project babe okay let's see um we get profitable because Because it's for society that didn't want to be able to feed my stomach and make a good living. So I let the United 5 Trumps really kill me. Like I'll do them. Yeah, I will. I will.

But they're really hard. They are. They're really hard. I'll have to charge it and I'll have to wait again.

Yeah. Yeah, so I did this for five years. Five years. Five years. Whatever.

Missed an event. Still a little bit drunk and a little bit high and it's like 2.30 in the afternoon. I just woke up. It's almost there. So now we use remote desktop connection to log in to our server.

Real calm. You just gotta wait for it. You see? I'm so stupid.

What's me to do? Pretty sure God has no gender.

Yeah, that's such a good way to present that thought, that ideal, which I do consider God more as an it, but not as an it, as a, you know, physical substance, but as genderless. but i kind of presented it like i was is pompous the right word i don't know but yeah i i don't know like if there is one creator then that creator can't have a gender um because it creates the genders i don't know i'm stupid i'm such an idiot and i keep i keep this rec button going i don't know why like i should just press it now just press it now let's talk about angles like every time i see people you know watching my videos they're always turning it so they can see you know the right perspective I guess and it's like I'm I'm just I'm a sociologist I'm just considering how they're wired in order to you know if I have it like this like I'm using 360 degrees and when I watch my material I I watch it very much like this. I'm not turning my head to the side in order to observe a particular aspect in a certain way. So I think the human psychology is very peculiar to require me to be like this.

And even being like this makes it really difficult because, you know, I can barely get my face. You know, I'm stretching my arms out as far as I can. I can barely get my face in there. But by doing like this, you know, I can get much more in the shot.

And, and I don't really, when I watch it, I'm not trying to turn my head around. I see, you know, I see in 360 degrees. I'm such a retard. I'm sorry. I'm just going to keep on posting retarded stuff. That's what I do. I'll just post retarded stuff.

But the thing is, I'm pretty well educated, so my retarded stuff will have deeper meaning behind it. So you'll either like it or you won't.

What am I going to do? What am I going to do? I'm going to sing for you. What am I going to do? What am I going to do? I'm going to sing for you.

This isn't what was planned. I'm just mentally retarded. Okay, this mess-ups really bad, look at this. I was going to see a lot of, um, fields of science and, um...

In both the fields of science and art. I'm so retarded. I'm sorry. I'm doing the best I can.

I've done all this. This is how I spent all my time. Like, maybe I'm just a bum that, I guess, I study... The subjects I study revolve around being able to bring this to you you and make this production available possible is that what hours can be planted around what is ugly to make it more attractive to the public shouldn't even be doing this John's gonna kill me so because that's just gonna take battery 52 minutes in a little bit that's what I get on this camera in the internal memory so maybe I can just revolve around that number yeah all right let's play with the flaws like because they don't get an unlimited amount of time then I can play with the flaws that are in there so instead of trying to bring you a perfect production I'll bring you a real production four gigabytes they come out to be about 52 minutes to fulfill that on its current setting so that's what we're working with for like three days and then once the carton's gone I won't drink for you know another two two and a half weeks and then I'll get another carton and I'll just be drunk for days again See what I mean? The problem is, is I have to win your parents over and I don't think I can do that. But maybe if my intellect prevails and they can see who I am despite these dependencies that I have, then maybe, I don't know, maybe nothing.

I'm imagining a world that doesn't exist. My actions were as supportive.

I was a sober man.

Can't stop it. Don't know why.

If I was a sober man. I'm sorry.

I'm sorry.

I'm sorry. Can you help me be better? Please.

I know I already said this, but... That is where the concept of Ivory was born.

So wrong. She always existed.

Jenna just wasn't her.

I burned everything. You know, marriage certificate, identification, all identification. I'm still hurting from that. And my birth certificate, which I reapplied for to get, says June 26, says I was born on June 26, 1984, and not June 27, 1984, even though all my other identification says June 27, 1984, because my original birth certificate said the correct date, so my birth certificate isn't even the correct date. Apparently I

was born on June 26. Maybe I could use multiple identities, and why would I even, like, it doesn't make sense like what could I do with that doesn't matter does it matter if I am drunk I thought it would be a really good kind of device ploy suck it when the information I am conveying is priceless though so not though there's such book exist of course how can I get people to understand what I understand first we have to download it see that button up there and it's gone this is on the server by the way um but yeah now we need to upload it I've been soon area don't forget to upload it here don't forget your description my dear and a bunch of crap words that loosely relate to what you're were doing you can't forget the date and most importantly you gotta attach a license to it so this is the license that we attach to it and do it that's the license we attach to all of our work physical and spiritual characteristics attributes i need to elaborate on this three aspects i'm trying to align them all if i line them all it's not just aligning them all to create a divine couple who is one yes that is an aspect of the situation in which i'm trying to employ um but It's more about being able to prosper in society, being able to make a name for yourself and being able to not only just make a name for yourself, but being able to make a name for yourself in fields that will be respected by society. I say respected, but I'm not respected by society, and I don't really care. That's not my motivations, but more that the long-term results will demonstrate themselves, so it makes it quite difficult to talk about the subject.

It's not just two people uniting to become one. It's two people uniting to become one force, and which will ultimately do a lot of good for society. Um, so by them focusing on their own plights in life, then they actually end up making a difference. Um, so, and I'm not trying to say I'm better than anyone. I'm not better than anyone.

And all I'm trying to say is that I'm wired, geared in this direction. And if someone else is keen on focusing their future in this direction, then that's the type of girl I'm looking for. I look so bad. Look at my hair.

Can I look cute like this? Like, you know. Should I be like this? And yeah, I don't know And I'm drunk too, sorry Yeah, very much so She must stand strong In front of the camera And give her cutest smile Is that cute? I don't know

That's probably not cute Here, this is what I mean If you're young, please Do your major at university Yes, yes You can do whatever masters or postgraduate Yes, yes Get your foundations right please do philosophy for me? yes, yes

Not debatable

I'm gonna be alone for the rest of my life

How am I to find a girl who hasn't decided what she wants to do in life yet and convince her that what I'm doing is awesome and then we could be really happily she just followed to have that philosophy let's do it girl let's do philosophy is philosophy understand it learn it I'll help you I fell in love with my adopted sister who I had only recently met and that was not socially acceptable and I still love her I love I love all the girls who have taken my heart and not wanted to be with me at the end, but I can't help that. I'm sorry. And no, you won't be the only one I've ever loved, but you'll be my soulmate. You'll be my only one that I will continue to love no matter what, whether I'm alive or dead.

oneself out it's that those flaws that created those perfections because once we identify those flaws we can be so core whatever who cares you see what I'm trying to do like I'm not perfect you know I got you know well maybe I don't have the camera action maybe I suck at doing this and it may be like you know like you're getting you know hair I haven't done this up or anything you know I have gel that I'm not using and I could you know put eyeliner on which would be pretty awesome yeah mascara or whatever but really who cares like like I'm gonna do it all like eventually you'll get a production with me doing that and and maybe i'm not the most attractive person in the world um in your eyes but if that's the case then it's not you i'm looking for because i am the most attractive person to the person that i'm looking for so i just keep this like red rec thing going um just so i can you know try to attract the person who's right for me because even though maybe you know this is me and my flaws like i'm not i haven't you know yeah i did this stupid hair dye thing which is coming out really quick and it'll be blonde again really soon so i'm not sure what to do about that maybe i'll just do it blue next time but um but all these things that i'm doing like you're getting raw material of who I actually am and I'm not editing this at all like as you saw the process all I'm doing is uploading I'm taking videos consecutively and then I'm combining those videos and then I'm releasing those videos as one production and to be honest, every single video done can be combined to make one production, even though it would be thousands of hours, but, um, but, like, that's what I'm saying, I'm a flawed individual, but the thing is, is that I can beautify my flaws, and even though I can, um, kind of a little bit play Moonlight Sonata for you, um, I can't, I can't get a perfect but even when I was distracted and trying to express meaningful communications within that song I wasn't able to because you could see that I was distracted at getting the song right and even though I wanted to do that I couldn't. that tells you a lot about myself and a lot about how I want to make music because I'm not interested in any individual and you know if I mess up who really gives a crap it's not that's not my problem I'm not trying I'm not busking I'm not asking for money I'm not doing anything like that I want to make beautiful music with my perfect other and and however we make that music, you know, you don't have to be musically inclined right now, um, but the thing is, is that life is music, and if we can learn how to, to examine that life and put, put beats, like, you know, I'm, I'm trying to be careful with how I articulate this, because what put beats within that, that music, you know, you hear the birds call, and then croak from a frog and then and then a beat after and then a beat and a beat and a beat and a beat and a beat and how we can you know be receptive to the music that's already conveyed and and ultimately I will never make music because I can only um I can only convey what has been received so I'm only going to be able to imitate like maybe I am like I'm a creator of course look what I'm creating here but but in a certain aspect I can only imitate which I haven't been experienced to but the the awesomeness in it is that I've been experienced to a lot of things so I can imitate a lot of things and and maybe I am a fake and maybe I don't know how to how to end this shot and you know like I got these tattoos for a reason maybe I should end with that tattoo or maybe I should end with that tattoo, practical wisdom, who really cares like none of this matters that stopped because the battery and I'm sorry but you understand what I mean. Boom But there's things I do at least at this point in time that... Time. Time.

I wanted anal sex. I want a girl in all ways. I don't have to have it all the time. I don't want it all the time.

I just want to have anal sex every once in a while. Meaning like I give you anal sex. Not like you give me anal sex. Sorry. Don't know how else to explain it.

it I'm socially hopeless like that's what really what we're in my marriage I'm sorry that's what we're my marriage so that was like a big factor in my marriage is she didn't want it and I really wanted it and I don't care if I have it a lot I just need it every once in a while I'm such a hopeless. I'm sick, girl. But that's besides the point, because the point is, is that your parents wouldn't allow such a relationship. So, even though I am drinking and smoking, I guess the rest of this production needs to revolve around your parents and present to them why I am the perfect person for you and I can take care of you and if they just teach me about you then I can be really good for you and that isn't going to look good considering I'm 31 years old.

life not only taking breaks from so ultimate a business or yeah something pausing something we gotta create something we gotta do something we gotta shine our light to the world in some way and to be honest i think this would be in the field of eros in the field of cupid so if we can help other people connect with each other. There's a big gap in society where people can't really meet each other. I think we should create community, develop, and government funded not-for-profits that strive towards hooking up people that are in their community with other people that are in their community, like people don't like to be alone, people don't force being alone, that's not, you know, we should do something about that, and I think that we should invest the rest of our lives into doing something about that, so instead of focusing on one aspect as society and its employment will force us into, we should be more refined and try to hook people up. Try to integrate love into society. And I mean

romantic love I mean like let's let's figure out a way in which we can um expand our borders in order to um help everybody get a partner because everybody needs a partner and everybody wants a partner and I don't care what you say like if you're alone out there and I'm speaking to some stupid camera and there's nothing in between who cares like like if you just focus your at your your not not just your intellectual capability but also your your passion on what you want to find then maybe you can find it and if you did find it then um you could become a really cool person out of it. You know, sorry, I'm drunk, whatever. Bye. And then we post it.

I know it's annoying, but we gotta do it. Because old work never dies. Foundations.

See what I mean? That's a day's growth. Gotta shave it. I'm sorry that I drink and smoke.

Maybe I'm a bad influence on you. Can you please help me stop? Can you please help me invest my interest in more appropriate means of coping with my surroundings and my place amongst those surroundings? How on earth can I get your parents to like me when I'm doing drugs and drinking? I just only hope that they take into context what I'm doing during those times.

So maybe I do get drunk every once in a while and maybe I do get high, but what am I doing when I'm, like, to be judged for being high or being drunk when the content of what you're focusing on is, like, without that content being recognized for its abilities, for its capabilities. Just because I get drunk and high, does that mean that I can't offer anything valuable to society? Is this work not valuable? Is it just crap?

Is me doing this, leaving this REC button, red light on, going? Is that really helping society at all? I don't know. I try.

I'm just one person. how can I be a good role model when I am a flawed individual it's been days I haven't really figured out how to end this how would your parents approve of me for you when I am a bad influence I would not only become your daughter's student but I would also become yours and it would be your responsibility to teach me how to take care of your daughter I would do my best to love and protect her she would be my everything and I would help her excel in life to the best of my abilities and be strong support for her but at the end of the day your daughter's really depressed and she needs me to help her out of that not you she would be my religion and i would worship her i'm sorry that a lot of these movies have focused a lot on jenna but I had to learn from my eras in order to learn how to treat a girl I'm not perfect but I am because I always get there and although time to time I use substances to help me see another perspective ultimately I want to be a good boy and you know I would yes love to explore our bodies minds and spirits together and potentially occasionally using drugs to help us get there but I don't want to be a druggie you know I want to be really good for you it's all imaginary anyway how could I have ever thought something like this could work and why did I spend six and a half years trying to make it happen not stupid very slow with some things extremely smart with others I know the actions I have taken how many different ways can I say the same thing here's the gate it's I I love you with all my heart, with all my mind, and with all my soul. If your parents aren't keen on me, then let's just elope and hopefully I'll have the rest of our lives to prove myself to them. Being with me, they would get to see you more than if you moved out with anyone else because we would be releasing publicly our productions that we do together.

About my movies, even secretive. And I don't like other people having my camera if it has a movie on it that I'm working on. And I don't like to prematurely show footage when I haven't extensively reviewed it. I live out my day-to-day life and make stories and video it for you.

you and people that are in my existence don't realize what's happening so there's always like something big that's going on that people just don't understand it's okay it comes with the territory but it makes me very secretive about it all if you think what I'm doing is really cool then you should do it find your girl or guy imagine if this type of dating was popular what type of awesome couples could we manifest in our human existence? How cool would it be? We just have to go out into the world and live our life normally and capture stories within our own stories for the public and even though most of the people in your life aren't going to realize those stories then that's kind of fun to say. And let your life events direct your line of thought. And take each topic

to their final conclusions. You have as many productions as it takes to get there. Then transfer it to your computer, merge it, watch it, upload it, learn from it, and watch it again and again and again and again and learn from all your mistakes and then point out those mistakes in your next film. Don't be shy, dear girl.

Press the upload button. Trust me, my love, I would never set you up to fail. Because success is constant failure. This video fails, but at the end of the day, will it?

Only God knows. Let's follow it.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



10-My-Symposium-Date-3-My-Anointing

That tape didn't work out right. It meant to say, now rekindled. How can I get people to understand what I understand?

So many secrets. It's my heart. You'll find out. Maybe you won't. Not my problem.

If I ever find her, she'll know. Been alone for six and a half years now. That is a long time. Haven't been on one single date, haven't held another's hands, haven't kissed another's lips. And we

must remove the things in our life in which causes us pain. Why will you not recommend POF. Submit that. Okay. 2015. So how am I going to find you? Just post

videos and just keep doing it? I don't know. I wish this type of courting was more receptive to the public. I spend most of my time on the floor, but why isn't this type of courting even explored in our current society? Is the

veins of the internet not capable of positioning two hearts together? If I If I try and fail, imagine all of the relationships that could potentially succeed in the future, because I tried. Because I created the phenomena. Boom.

And what would failure mean for me? Would that mean just not finding my girl? So, spending the rest of my life making videos to this girl and not being able to find her? I've already been alone for 6 1⁄2 years. Do you think another 6 1⁄2 or another 30 is going to bother me?

If this doesn't succeed, then imagine the amount of artwork that's going to be available just because I existed and maybe I didn't get to fulfill my potential in life by finding you. But I would have fulfilled my potential in life by idealizing you and becoming the best man that I can conceive of in relation to your own needs. So, to become what you need me to be. So, let's say I don't find her.

But let's say I get kind of popular. Imagine how many girls' hearts I could win.

Maybe they wouldn't be mine. but they would always have a place in their heart for me and

It doesn't matter if you're watching this like the day after it was published Two weeks two months two years ten years six hundred years doesn't matter Because all of this is free baby, and it's really good content absolutely no matter what year you are viewing it I don't have explosions or any other types of special effects or even very good video quality nor do I need any of those things because all you need is friends that you can call family not trying to change you girl trying to show you what is important in life ultimately only narcissist it's actually a mythology story you should look it up of course I'm not talking to you babe but sometimes I take takes where I talk to society and I'm sorry for doing that but thing is I don't care what you think there's some things I know what do I know that I love and that I love for you what are you I do not know so what the ultimate goal is to get someone who is entirely attracted to everything about you like should I care about this like this is doing some wavy thing and you know is And let's even go to the extent that, you know, sorry, like see the yellow, like that's from smoking cigarettes without a holder. That's from smoking Rollies without a holder. You know, if I found someone who was attracted to those flaws then I wouldn't have to worry about those flaws being considered. considered as false. I'm a bit rough around the edges, mate, but I'm alright, eh? Yeah,

come on. Yeah, see it. And forever this day, whatever day it is that you are not watching this, then you will know that I gave my heart to my girl this day. So who gives a crap what day this is eventually will be documented into time and existence interwoven in between internet movie databases where it's at like at least just release it it's pretty easy you know you just gotta feel fulfill a lot of criteria on this bunch of bull crap and sometimes you have to provide an explanation why it won't submit when it should submit when you have all the information that needs but you gotta work through the ills of our psychology before you can get to their benefits and what are the benefits okay well is it that tar that's built up on my fingers or is the black fingernail polish let's play let's do that let's play okay both drunk and stoned what could I do right now to change my future for the later so what can I say in front of this camera right now that will ultimately change the existence of my future actions okay so here we go let's try it okay so am I talking to old Wendell is that how it works I thought old Wendell oh this is not good I shouldn't do this because this will result bad because I will tell Wendell to stop his obsession and I know that obsession is very beautiful and that image is divine you can't find that and you will never find that because as my friend said tonight is that I have to accept people as they are and the thing is if I say this is your predefined pattern then I'm imposing my own ideological cool concerns over them so that's not healthy um so maybe i should learn to be vain in other ways so maybe i can be beautiful here let's see see how beautiful i can be okay say like okay let's let's you know play around who cares you know like i'm just posting random crap and maybe that random clap, crap, crap, clap, that clap, yep, that random clap. Um, maybe that is, um, really

ultimately defined through philosophy, but, but have fun with it, and even though, you know, you can't get the girl, um, know that, that you can rest well in the fact that you tried your hardest and you should just post whatever's on your heart and post it to that girl because the thing is you're posting it to that girl who's depressed and wanting to find relief in a world that doesn't care that will ultimately help society so just keep doing that And that's how you can use, you know, what's in here to make what's out there. And I don't know what's out there. I got a really nice heater above me. And I'm just making a cigarette in a house, which is really weird.

Like, I don't know. And the REC buttons. But I say button. I can't say button because it's wrong.

Like, how I got to correct my ear is the REC. see light is still on and some reason I'm still recording and why is that I don't know like what can we make it or is it no no that's not really attractive is it like how early can I make let's see I don't know we gotta play around with it eventually we'll play around with everything we'll get it all right and it came up that I kind of don't really like Australian girls and how a lot of them have a really dirty mouth. Really dirty yuck. I can't do that. Speak clean please for me.

So I spend my life searching for someone who doesn't exist because even though I don't find her, at the end of the day, I potentially help a lot of girls who understand what it's like to go through life hard. My name is Wendell. I'm 31 years old. I care about your problems. I care about

your heartaches. I care about how socially integrated you are into your platform and your platform is the society, the social environment in which you stand. So I care about trying to help you fit in. And I know it's difficult to fit in in a world in which binds you to particular social standards. So I want to try my best in this life to help you to succeed. And if

If there's anything that I can do to help this ideological girl that could be any girl who is inclined in the manner of thought in which I present, then they could then receive what they need. and the thing is this works both ways so maybe most of my fan base right now is males which is weird but like why is that so you know you get this and and most of my see you know I dyed those like oh like I dyed those see those eyebrows those are dyed but like so most of my fan base right now is males between the age of maybe 18 to 22 so you know like what am I supposed to extract and the thing is that it's always been this way so if males are attracted to this then the thing is what if males are attracted to this then what type of males could those people become in order to attract their most perfect lover and i'm gonna keep saying that like i don't care you know like this is this is real life this is reality tv and you're getting it as refined as possible and by that that ability to refine is is being raw and this is very very raw all this material is very And see how I kind of put that tattoo, like, to be attractive. Like, can I even do it? See, I'm not sure.

Like, I would have to... My arm hurts now, but... See, the RAC light is still on. It's still on for a reason, because I still got a little bit more in me.

What is that more? I don't know. Like, okay, so let's then look at our zoom capabilities, abilities and then let's um let's you know examine our tattoo abilities but but that's not uh because okay rebel yes rebel he's cool rebel's cool okay so let's do what we can like i'm sorry this is the body I've been given if you don't like it then sorry but okay so yeah very very meaningful productions were focused around both these two tattoos or sorry these are actually three tattoos you can see there's two tattoos in there and and I'm not see I can't see if I do this I can't see, so I don't know what you can see here, but there's my family crest, and there's also my cross and my cross this year, but I guess we'll eventually get to that because it all takes time, but that's pretty much all I got, so I have eight tattoos, that's if you consider, because if you look close, there's scar tissue that's developed to make tribal symbols so there's tribal symbols that are like that are raised upon my back and then and then there's that that over because those are two tattoos because the it went too deep and it bled out so it didn't look tribal anymore so I had to put something over it but it's still pretty cool how it turned out yeah those are my tattoos but like these are the things I carry around me each and every day and like each tattoo really means a lot like it has a lot of history not just history development aspectual development development in in the mind in order to understand how those tattoos actually really truly relate to my life so um there's a lot of work that goes into the process of making a really interesting individual they all relate everything let's declare my own planet in which only i exist within

i'm not hurting anybody eh what's wrong with this i'm just filming random footage does it really matter don't worry about finding a girl Wendell you're not compatible with anyone out there you already found her you speak to her every day and you're speaking to her now she's really really gorgeous and maybe you don't get you know any of that but how did that work out with your marriage anyway her image is perfect for you to give your heart to stay strong Wendell she's better for you than anyone else how well have you developed Wendell look at you now you've made well this is your third production now your third movie and you haven't cried a single time how well has she done for you so far I know I know that you are sexually frustrated, but what is it that you're sacrificing in order to bring this to you? Affection, companionship, closeness, pretty much everything. And here is the result. Is it worth it, Wendell?

How much of that can a camera provide? If my ivory is not real, then can she be the camera?

Do you see what I mean, Wendell? You're going to study this again and again, and you're going to get exposed to this again and again, so it's going to be there. But now, since we've opened up with the truth, let's turn back to the fiction. It's much better.

One girl somewhere out there in the world for me to find.

One who I was specifically crafted to care for, just as she was specifically crafted for me.

I don't know how old she is, but I bet she's young. Because she hasn't yet chosen what she wants to do at university.

I am trying to convince her to do philosophy. Why isn't philosophy a popular career choice? especially for young beautiful girls who have the talent to do a lot of cool things with their life. How can I promote the growth of young minds?

Don't fill it with this. Just woke up, haven't done hair or anything. How old do I look? I'm 31 years old.

I'm really old. How can I attract our younger generation to philosophy? What can, you know, this crap do for me?

What can philosophy do for me to attract people to philosophy?

Brainwashed to the core, but very much self-inflicted. Let me present to you my lottery numbers, and you can tell me whether I have or have not won the life lottery, because I think I did. So let's start off with the raw numbers and that's that I'm 31 and what age do I look? People always talk about how I look a lot younger than I am. It's always a very awkward conversation when speaking with people that I don't know and they reckon that I look very young.

see I still get ID let's say I look like I'm 20 let's say I look 11 years younger than I am and I've the thing is is I've grown up on camera you know I've got the last five years of footage over 300 hours that will eventually be released again most of it so you can see my character building on camera you can see me learning from lessons on camera and if I if I only have ten more years then what of doing this then what would that mean what would result from that so that means ten plus the five so if I had 15 years of doing this being handsome then what could ultimately result and even And maybe can I not beautify it when I get older? Can I, like, my style, does it not develop with what is presented in front of me? So how much longer can I do this? And what can I possibly do to benefit the world by doing this?

Could a young girl 60 years from now be inspired to do philosophy by watching this? Maybe that's my soulmate. Maybe she comes after me. If that had happened, then would my fixation have been wrong?

Can society use the seers of our modern day era?

A better question. How does one become a seer? What life would be required?

Bang, I'm showing my foundations.

Want to see the dates?

There's much more than that, but it was essays before it was film.

They are pretty long.

The good thing about documenting all of your journeys is that lies about me have no ground to stand on because the truth is demonstrated in the films.

There are many points in this material if you analyze closely that raise red flags, and if you want to identify those flags, then we can do it. We'll have fun, make a game of it. It doesn't matter what you say or think, because either way, I'm good for her. And maybe society locks the gates, which hinders me from finding her.

But I create new gates much faster than they can close their own. If I am doing something wrong, then please show me with evidence to support your claims.

Because I am the one who is morally grounded, what can you do with a philosophy major?

Let me show you. How am I to frame an image?

Do you even know what topic I am talking about? Do I even care if you know what topic I am talking about?

Let us beautify our flaws. How am I to beautify a flaw such as psychological inclination as we are discussing?

Is it wrong? Am I not worthy? Am I a predator? Is my game morally questionable?

Am I wrong for baiting you into this without framing my intentions to begin with? I very clearly did before and then I got in trouble with the cops for the material I posted. Doesn't have to be controversial. All depends on what happened and who it was.

Get your mind out of the gutter. I have not sexually advanced anybody.

How can I talk about this subject? How can I not get in trouble for talking about this subject?

How do I talk about this subject without actually talking about it? Girls are beautiful.

It's my biology. Can't help it. Built to do this might not be you, could be though, and if I kept people like that around me in my life, then, I don't know, maybe one could fall in love with me. Is that possible?

I'm sure she has friends. And her friends also have friends. She's like 19 or something. Is that wrong for me to want that?

Because I really want you to take philosophy at university, I then search for young girls who might be interested in that. and like I don't know any other way to do that because you know once people get older they're not interested in those sorts of things it's just not on their radar got in trouble for doing it although I wasn't as vague in my articulations don't want to get in trouble this time have to leave government affairs out of our relationship. What is our relationship? Am I building something here? Which you can watch, dear girl, no matter where in the

world you are. She's 19, too. Gorgeous girl. She has a very dirty mouth and I don't think she's suitable at all for me, but she's pretty and she comes up on my feed and I like pretty people coming up on my feed she's in Lismore where I was just before I came here but anyway I don't think she's interested at all in me but I think it's a bit both ways real-life girls imaginary girls like how How do I integrate, is that the right word, the two?

How can I manifest a dream girl into my existence? They're all so set in their personalities. I'm like this and you better love me for being like this and I'm not going to try to change and this is me so if you don't like me you can F off. And I really hate that attitude, really bad attitude.

We all have things to learn in life. School starts back in a few days. I had a great holidays. It was fun bringing all this to you.

There's going to be a lot more, but the subjects I end up studying will be more related to my university work. doing this is how I learn. Okay so what resulted me to be like this and that would be due to Australian women and I kind of have a lot of problems with Australian women because they don't like me and that's hard for me. They don't want this so you know I kind of Don't really like Australian women because of that, but I'm always trying to because like I'm in Australia So where else am I gonna go? Like I gotta find Australian women and now I'm doing this so I can you know

Be there if you're not Australian

Stupid I'm such an idiot life's such a strange phenomenon I'd so fall for an Australian chick If she had morals It's hard to find They all want sex that is not what I'm about until marriage that is why is Australian girls difficult because they look past what is in front of them what is in front of you right now I will no longer play word association games with the cops the language in which I understand I know very well and the way it gets interpreted into our modern day world is not the same definitions or understandings of those concepts.

You can't judge me by the words in which you incorrectly define. It's not my fault if modernity corrupted language. Have to pay our tolls. How are we going to get there?

Why do I travel around Australia? I'm in Australia for a reason. I don't know maybe an Australian girl like I don't know but I'd never have met one that would be a potential candidate for me. They've been really mean to me. Jenna was Australian.

is it possible could I find something someone like I'm after many parts make a whole how many parts have I made in the last week essentially saying the same thing in which I say in all of my work your path is clear Wendell straight as an era Cupid's era three movie a movie started a trilogy created you have to be open to what happens in life what I'm doing explained what I'm going to do explained I've accomplished my mission for this task now I must study what the crap i just posted so i can learn what to do next how to end this how to end this scene how to end this movie how to end this trilogy bang bang how did i do how did i do it was it all right i tried i tried really hard resolve sober man the only one destined for me and i you You see, dear girl, we were one before. We are one entity which has been split. We are trying to find ourselves. We are just coming back together.

Originally parted for eventual divine retribution. In a certain aspect imitated. Standing on shoulders of giants. I set my mother up with her husband, who are still happily married, and I also set my brother up with his wife, who are still happily married. So, I have some success, I guess, in doing this.

I'll tell you why. I'm kind of obsessed with personalities. I think about personalities all the time and I'm always thinking about how those personalities might connect with each other and how they would respond. So by thinking about the people who I'm interacting with and how they might interact with the people who I know, then that creates potential to hook friends up.

How can we inspire the younger generation to do philosophy? How you want to cook it up, shall we add some chili? Am I famous? Judge for yourself.

Will she be famous? Definitely, and way more than me. Imagine if career tests were more like this kind of thing in school. Imagine how many awesome careers could be developed in this manner.

Dear God, thank you for this food. And thank you that I am no longer homeless. and thank you for enabling me to live in a society that has enabled me to do this.

These Australians think that black current is a replacement for grey. One more day and this trilogy is complete and then I go back to school. I'll show you a little bit later what units I'm studying this semester. How many people can say they ran for Prime Minister of Australia?

I can. And I can prove it.

What is a successful individual? Of course I did not get in. Because that would require you voting for me. And that would require public exposure and that would require the dollars.

but I ran a really grand race and even though I didn't win I still did independence year for kids and if I had the public exposure they would probably find a clause that wouldn't allow me in possibly due to the fact that I was born in America Even though I've spent more time in Australia. I didn't really want to get in anyway. I was just publicly demonstrating that politics are corrupt. I just wanted to find my place in life.

Still am. My holidays have been exhausting. Accomplished a lot. Goodnight my love.

talk to you a little bit tomorrow and then that's it. I love you. I hope to one day hold you in my arms, but I will warn you I'll never want to let you go. Here we go. I just want

to help people and I don't get along with people. So it's really difficult to help people when I have troubles communicating with most of the population. So I try to think of inventive ways to do that and that's what you're getting it's really hard to be homeless and to be homeless when you're trying to help people too it's it's really hard and i don't know what to do i never do i guess my work always tells me what to do if i get confused i just study what i've already released and then it shows me the direction that I need to go. I've applied for thousands of jobs in my lifetime. People don't want this. Why do people not want this? Why do people not want me?

Why do my family not care about me? What is the meaning of wrong when it took that wrong, those many many mistakes in order to produce the right. I don't even know if you know what topic I've been talking about most of this production and I don't really care. There's a lot of people who are wired like me in this world. I might just be the only one with the

balls to pursue it though. Pursue her without corrupting her. In attempts to create a healthy lifetime relationship and not a temporary sexual partner but here is the thing dear girl you have to chase me I will get in trouble if I chase you okay so for next semester I've got this one will be really fun theories of mind that's philosophy unit I love all philosophy units but that's gonna be really interesting I also have this sociology and everyday life that would be a cool unit too but this one will be really boring community work across sites settings and people almost struggle with that one like the semester is gonna be really fun except for that unit so I really like community development units all that much at least their readings really I love the practical application of the philosophy within community development, and don't get me wrong, I want to spend the rest of my life in the field of community development. Just not the way it's being done, it's just too bureaucratic, I don't like the systems that have already been employed.

I'm very bitter about a lot of things, girl, and I need you to help me fix that. I don't like that about me and I have to learn to resolve the problems that I've had in the past within the way I feel about them now like why does society refuse accommodation for a gifted individual and why don't girls like me and I have to wake up in the morning and I hate mornings and using that word hate is that necessarily healthy to be honest I kind of hate girls and not my ideological girl because I think girls can be way more than they are I don't want to hate whether you exist or not could you teach me how not to hate and how not to be bitter it's done it's done I'm sorry Jenna I didn't mean to make you look bad probably you didn't I'm sorry I am the reason that marriage failed not her please help me to understand please help me to not make the same mistakes again I want to be a humble man please don't come after me now can you see what is a sober man and Jenna was just not into philosophy


༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
https://republicka.life
https://kkk.education
CC0 PUBLICKÁ DOMÁNIA
ALL LOVE RESERVED
AMORIARIACKA IS MY NATIVE TONGUE
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻