༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
✝ Cross of Man ✝
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻

July 28, 2015


This transcript documents an intensely personal, stream-of-consciousness video series titled Cross of Man, recorded by a creator named Wendell in mid-2015. Throughout the monologues, the speaker reflects on facing severe social isolation, the lingering trauma of past institutionalizations and legal troubles, and the persistent instability of his living situation as he contemplates returning to homelessness. He continuously wrestles with feelings of alienation from mainstream society, attempting to process his emotional distress and neurodivergence through the lens of philosophy, music, and impromptu video production.

A central theme across the episodes is his search for connection, largely framed around an idealized romantic figure named "Ivory." Wendell attempts to use this concept both as a creative muse and as an emotional coping mechanism to navigate deep-seated abandonment issues following a painful divorce. The narrative traces a real-world attempt to project this ideal onto an acquaintance named Chloe (or "Boogie"), which quickly leads to disappointment, confusion, and feelings of being used when the social interaction fails to match his expectations.

Ultimately, the transcript captures a retreat from real-world pursuits back into self-imposed isolation and artistic rationalization. Wendell acknowledges the cycle of emotional highs and depressive crashes that accompany his creative output, concluding that pursuing an actual relationship is too destabilizing. The series resolves with an internal dialogue urging him to abandon expectations of romance, detach from draining acquaintances, and refocus solely on finishing his philosophy degree and expressing himself through his videos from a distance.


------


11-Cross-of-Man-Episode-1-Disorder

I really want a family. I think I would be a very good dad. What do you think? I can't live like this forever.

I still don't have my girl. Where should I go next?

One more semester to find out. What is the value of a floor and of a roof? if its surroundings has little to none meaningful interactions in your day-to-day life.

What is the meaning of a bed when you're not in it?

Always learning a lot in church.

So that is what I did six and a half years ago. and then kind of eventually became homeless as a result of it um but now it's six and a half years later and i still don't really have a place you know like i guess i got you know a computer here now and i got a desk and i got a guitar and you know i got a little holder thing and a harmonica you know I got some possessions um that chair's not mine a keyboard another keyboard you know this crappy thing that I was going to use you know to have a background like I thought that could be a cool background um but I don't know I guess I got a bed and and I got this little printer and I got this little thing to play fallout with um so you know there are my possessions and a lot of that, let's see if I can fix it, a lot of that can be replaced later on and a lot of it can be taken with me because now I have a car.

So I've been to a lot of places around Australia, all around Australia, and now that I've had time to situate myself somewhere and spend the time studying, And where in Australia should I go? Where in Australia should I go? I don't know. I'm looking for you.

In church tonight, in a way, God kind of asked me why I was still here.

Got a few friends, met some cool people.

And I guess that's what keeps me here for right now. I got in trouble, and I had no one to support me when I got in trouble. So everything that happened was taken out of context. then reframe to be something that didn't happen and there was no one who supported me and to say that it didn't happen except the camera but they didn't care about looking at the camera footage so it's really weird so how can I have support you know to stay out of you know psychiatric wards and out of prison when I don't have anyone around me who can support me my roommate thinks I have high-functioning autism which is likely also last night my roommate told me that it might be a good idea if after my studies after next semester when I finish my degree then I move out so all these things happening at once are kind of leading me towards that direction where could you take me girl so I can I could sell all the big things that I have, like the fridge and my desk and my bed, and I could buy a tent, and I could just go from camping site to camping site, like I did before, except this time I'll have a car, which is a big deal because doing that before without a car means everything that ends on your back, whereas if you can collect a few more things than just what you can hold on your back, like water is really heavy.

then maybe I could live an interesting but also a comfortable life. This is on the Optus $2 a day unlimited plan, which they no longer provide. And I can't share that internet out with tethering because they've disabled it on the iPhone. So in order to tether all of my devices, then I would be required to buy an Android phone.

Let's see the music wheel.

What do we call it? I would have to get another power generator. This one is a bit better than what I had. But it has a car jack for it, a cigarette lighter for it.

So I can just charge using my car. But where would I go? Everywhere I have gone has failed. How much are girls gonna want me?

Hi, my name is Wendell. I'm 31 and I'm homeless. You wanna date me? Wanna know why I'm homeless?

Cause I'm looking for you. This was a very nice place. Canberra was really beautiful. but there were so many weird things there in Canberra I could represent the Australian identity to all of the world kind of already did that but would it be more meaningful if I permanently lived there and the girls in Canberra so not after this I learned my lesson when I combined my work with exposing government corruptions and that's how I got in trouble so I am not going to do that anymore but I'm going to stop caring about the cops now like I know there's still controversial information here but nothing that the cops can use against me so and if they want me in jail then they'll put me in jail anyway and if they they want to keep me in jail or if want to keep me in a psychiatric ward or whatever then they'll do that if they don't like the content like it doesn't matter my this is my life and and i have to make the decisions um the right decisions in my life and staying you know around one place when i have nothing uh nothing providing me nourishment then and I'm not talking in a physical sense although that would still be included like three aspects physical mental and spiritual and if I'm not being fed then I need to find where I can be fed and where would I find her

It's not like I can sit out at the front of a high school and sing about how philosophy should be their career path.

Now that will get me arrested.

A vagrant to the core.

Ipswich doesn't have much beauty. I want to show you beauty. I've shown you a lot of beauty in my past work, and this new work doesn't really have any, you know, monuments or whatever to revolve around. So there's not a lot of really cool stuff in front of me to extract from to integrate into my work.

So, you know, I'm stuck with this physical body, and I can zoom in on parts of it. um and and see i'll show you this look i'm really self-conscious about this see see my teeth see see whether to zoom or to zoom with your hand you know like look i grinded when i was uh younger like five to ten years ago for like two years i grinded my teeth and uh and it did that to it and I'm kind of self-conscious of it and I wanted to get like you know something to a cap or something I don't know but I'm not gonna do that. You get me with all of my flaws baby. Bang. At

least I know Canberra and I can always find many peaceful spots. I do miss the bush and my animal friends. I am sober a lot more when I'm homeless. The only thing that is mine in this room is this fridge. Sell it Wendell. Sell it Wendell. Sell it Wendell. Maybe give it away. Sell it. Can put

that in the back of my car. Can put that in the back of my car. Can put that in the back of my car can get a new amp that has battery powered. Maybe sell that one. Put that in the back

of my car. Not sure about the printer because it uses power. I'm giving that away to Michael Levy, my friend, who plays the... Where is it? It's somewhere around here. There it is.

there is. The Liar. Giving it to my friend who plays the Liar and really well. And you should check him out if you ever get around to it. His name is Michael Levy

L-E-V-Y. And he's an awesome Liar player.

I know that I have only bought this one but I think I should sell it all. I don't even need an amp. I just like playing guitar and as you can see I'm not very good at it I have a netbook now which most of my work can be done on that and that doesn't use too much battery and it also uses USB to recharge so that's really handy and it's a really good video merging machine it'll be really good for 99% of the stuff that I do the other laptop will be good for for videos for playing videos for stuff like Netflix so yeah let's make an inventory of my stuff and then figure out how to become mobile again not many clothes I just got this for my birthday but I won't have access to a PowerPoint that will provide enough power to use it so unfortunately it's gone how much should a man love his woman I will do anything it takes to one day be next to you my entire life is revolved around finding you and if that requires for me to be homeless a vagrant a wanderer which is what my name means anyway then so be it because once we unite we'll be build a life together that's amazing no matter where we are let us track this journey because it will take some time tick tock tick tock tick tock this will be much more difficult to put on when homeless

won't be able to do this can't do it very well to begin with and then i gotta turn it off often times weeks will pass without any meaningful social interactions no problems God you just have to help me fix my finances first how long will that take so how could I do it how could I make my entire life revolved around Finding beautiful locations to shoot in, my camera by my side at every moment, thinking of philosophy and meaning and interpretation and sociology and how we as a society can become better collectively. How can I position my life to do that in order to show my girl the best and the worst of not only me, but also the world? Maybe I can play a few notes on the keyboard. What other types of notes are there in life?

What music is? Maybe I suck at this type of music.

Vagrant? How can I sing for my girl when there is no physical girl there to sing for? Maybe I do suck, but I am very good at sucking. This is really tiny.

I wanted a looper that was like a synthesizer as well, and that way I can make noises with my voice and then repeat those and then add or transform them into beats and then add something else with my voice or piano or guitar or whatever and just keep on adding on top to make cool. What I'm striving for is between Eastern and Western classical combined with trance. I love trance. And here's the hard one, pop punk, um, emo, like I know people say, oh, pop punk isn't emo, but whatever, I don't care, like, I'm not into those, those disputes, because I'm not really a musician, I just play for me, um, maybe I just play for my girl, but, but play for me in hopes to find my girl so that I can play for her and not just for her but with her and you know we can both suck together I don't care but I just want to make you know as beautiful music as we can together and my music is beautiful to me and and see that's why I'm not into pop culture I'm not into pop music not into all these music things that come out I don't really get interested in bands I get more interested in songs that bands do and I really like them so then I try to learn them and then kind of once I learned them I kind of got a little bit of that style integrated into me and then I can work on how to integrate that style into kind of what I'm developing and I want to create a new genre and I want to create a new genre in which flaws are not a problem which are part of and even entertaining part of the entertainment process we're not all perfect but the thing is that we're really good in certain aspects like we make up for where we're bad in by being good in other points so you might hear me mess up once or twice in a song or if you're talking about my symposium after party a lot because I was drunk but you know like what is beauty and what art and if we're gonna call music art which it is then to confine it to the way in which it was developed is not um is not a heart so let's make music art and and who cares if we're called musicians by other musicians but see how integrated this music into this production hopefully in the future I'll be able to integrate music in which I am better with but the thing is it's a process and how am I going to get better I could practice many many many many many years I mean I have I've been doing music since I was four so my whole life been revolved around music and I've only got to the point where I am now because I don't think like that like the way they teach you music that doesn't really resound with me and even though I work really hard and learn the theory then putting that theory in practice is very difficult for example learning how to actively read music like I'm so slow with reading music even though I did piano for six years like I still like even I'm pretty good with the treble clef but the bass clef that really hurts me and then when you add lots of different rules like you know when you're talking about notation like flats and sharps and how it's the same thing but you see it's notated if it's there And, um, if it's a C sharp, um, it might be notated as, you know, a D flat and, and to be able to actively, um, do that straight away, um, is, is something my mind struggles with.

but the thing is there's so much other like you know I'll just listen to music and while I listen to music um turn my Pandora on listen to music and while I listen to music play the harmonica or play the guitar or play the piano and try to and at first you got to get into the right key and then you get used to that playing that key and then you can mix it up and you don't have to use the same melodies in which are used in the music for it to sound good. So you can contribute to that music instead of following what that music says. My ear is much, much better than being able to, you know, read. See, this is what I do. Like, how terrible is this? Like,

okay, so I'm just writing those letters down. Like, those are pretty easy. Didn't have to so much do the treble clef but i did anyway but then that and that and then see what like i go that's f but it's f sharp it's f sharp because hey it's look it's in it's in the key of g because there's the f sharp um so like hey i didn't even write that down just write f but the thing is i learned like i know and there's another mistake in here somewhere um i don't remember where it is specifically but uh but then i'll learn the mistakes that i made and then then rectify them but yeah i'm not a very good musician um i just have a lot of inclination towards music and i do it to i do it for personal reasons because it's for it's for me i'm playing for me and i'll have problems playing in public i'll have problems singing in public like i'm really shy i'm a really shy guy so those sort of things would be really difficult for me um so if uh but but being with you know you girl and play it's completely a different story so yes i'm trying to launch a music and a music a career in music um but but at the same time i'm not a musician i'm a philosopher so how is a philosopher supposed to launch a career in music and the only thing that I have been able to conclude is that we have to see the music in everything in life and I'm lucky where I live right now because it's quiet and I could do recording but what's so wrong with recording being in other areas that aren't as quiet as I want them So, I don't know. I have a lot to think about because my life's about to change, because God's told me to stand up, brush myself off, and continue on the path that it set me on six and a half years ago.

Yeah, so I can't really get that looper, because the journey that God has set for me will be without this.

And in order to have a system like that, you need to be pretty hooked into power. And, you know, I will struggle even powering this thing with the equipment that I'm getting. I'll pretty much, my phone and my netbook, the new netbook I just got, will be mostly powered, and I guess that will be on reserve for any time, any special occasions, yeah. I know I said within the My Symposium Trilogy that I am not better than anyone, which is true, but I am very different than everyone.

okay since I became homeless I don't use a washing machine it doesn't matter where I am to pretty much just use the shower chuck my clothes right there see they're drying here now yeah with my feet stomp them and you know once I wash my hair then the shampoo or conditioner then runs from my hair onto the ground and I just you know kick it around and it actually washes the clothes very well how should I live my life in order to bring my girl the best productions possible thing. Where in this world can I go to find her? Last six and a half years, every single place I've gone was in attempts to stand out to her because I know she'll be receptive to me and that's all I'm trying to create is the opportunity to meet her in my physical life and I'm also doing that online just in case my physical life fails to find a girl which it does and it will continue to a new TV show that shows a journey from beginning to end And, hmm, what should I call this? I don't know, but I know this is episode one. See what I mean? The productions are formed organically and not predestined to be something else.

they are what they become and I'm not telling them to become anything and see I study this so I learn a lot I learn a lot by doing this bang start today on my horsey account let's go to my channel go to videos I can see the day just a day after yay look how long it is and then post it on whatever social networking site you use, which will probably be Facebook, because almost everybody uses Facebook. Um, it doesn't matter how you post it, like, who cares, um, you know, I don't have many friends on this, I've had problems with Facebook in the past and deleted it many times, and, um, it doesn't matter, like, I know Twitter doesn't work, used it a lot in the past Google Plus doesn't work used it a lot in the past like nothing really works including Facebook so what am I going to do I don't know how to do this, it's never been done before I'm just wired to do it so I guess this is the way I have to do it so I'll just post that I used to get a lot more views when I had a channel with over 300 videos but uh okay so that right there got to 74 or something 74 to 80 around between 74 to 80 and uh and then i paid a guy five dollars to advertise it um so he advertised it for me and it got up to that um see i haven't done any advertising there so we got 11 views there um we got nine views on that one and we don't have any views on this one um so i don't know i do what i can to try to reach your eyes and i'll continue to do that don't know how to do that try my best just so you know to me guys means girls are guys um just as i sometimes say retarded. Just as I sometimes say gay. I'm not perfect with my language. I have corruptions

of my own. Maybe slightly entertaining. Just made a slight edit. Bang. But maybe one day

one will bang everywhere I go I give a real good chance I've been here for almost eight months now and no doors have opened for me but no matter where I go no doors open for me I can't find the friendships in which I need I can't like I've been trying to start a band here for like you know five or six months and not a single person's really shown keen interest in it so you know what do I do I got no social social integration into my environment so where do I go where can I find people that will help me find you what is a missions trip. I was called by God to help all the crying babies. A missions trip to church is to go to a foreign country with a different culture and then preach something at them in which conflicts with their cultural values. How far have these feet walked. Our modern day society has thrown away any understanding of the

reality of the word mission. If I am given a mission by God in which I am not allowed to fail, then how am I to accomplish that when everything in my society doesn't allow me to do that okay so this is to agency 888 which is a Brisbane talent agency so hi any interest in representing me and my interest this is the first of a feature film trilogy I just recently created and release tomorrow releasing my symposium trilogy which is which is the three combined three features combined and then I give on the link to it extensive back work background I give on the link to my internet movie database only in and only interested in reaching girls not getting jobs what I do isn't normal but I am very good at what I do. Would love to have support for what I am doing and reach more people. That's what I'm trying to do. Thanks, Wendell. Okay, and it doesn't matter who I

contact because I've contacted many, many, many throughout my existence. And here you go. Hi, Wendell. Thank you for your email. I'm writing to inform you that we are not

a production company. I'm already producing. I don't need a production company. And by the looks of it, you are interested in the filmmaking side of things. That's right. We

represent actors and models. So am I not acting here? Am I not modeling here? So am I not an actor and a model? Therefore, we would like to thank you for the correspondence.

However, on this occasion, and every other occasion, we are unable to offer you any representation at this time, at this stage. Shannon. Thanks, Shannon. It doesn't matter what's behind me. I can still look beautiful.

Okay. Can I act? Can I act?

Dear Venus, goddess of love, please give me one like my ivory. I beg you I've been trying for so long it's been so hard I've been so lonely please it's just one girl I'm asking for one girl that loves philosophy loves wisdom wants to grow with me wants to do film wants to change the world wants to stand together as one and take over the world with me me and her will take over I'm not asking for your jobs I don't want your your actor performances because I make my own I'm not a drone like that but in order to be in this industry you have to be a drone and if you're not a drone then you end up like someone like Ray William Johnson who is very talented also there's a lot of other YouTube stars out there and then they end up corresponding with other people and then making them drones of their own work so they follow the same guidelines as the creative person who made it and maybe that's what I'm doing maybe you could all become drones of me by imitating what I'm doing but but But what is going to have a better result for society, imitating what Tom Cruise does or imitating what Ray William Johnson does or imitating what I do? There's only one correct answer to that. And even if I did create drones, after about 10 productions of doing this, they would transform into free-thinking individuals and develop their own stylistic elements within their own productions, so it would not be what this is.

And every life is different. So how can your stories follow the same structure as mine? They can't. That's the thing. This manner of education enhances free thought. It doesn't create drones.

but what does it take to be a man I do this to fail because I have abandonment issues and I can never go through that again so I can feel my heart in a realm which is impossible and merely by doing it even though it is unavailable it makes me work really really hard and really passionately give myself to everybody who cares or who's listening to put myself on the line just from an image that is impossible do what you need to do to guard your heart it's fragile and needs to be handled with care I don't want to shape a girl I want the right girl to shape me maybe I am this right now but I will be whatever you need me to be if you give me the chance I will become everything that you need and could ever want me to be this is the best that I could do to find a philosopher as my mate okay so you see these teeth I really like these teeth the dentist said well we can do something about that and I really like them like they I really play on them a lot of people call me a vampire and I don't really like it but but that's kind of what they do and I kind of like them So, even though there's things I don't like about myself, like that tooth that's in between them, other things about my appearance really do appease me, and I like it, like it, it's a good smile. It's like, wait, okay, okay, I don't know, I'm so stupid. A lot of weird stuff happened tonight, and I also kind of got rejected by an old friend doing this got rejected by other friends too macaroni and cheese is my favorite dish how many friends will I lose trying to find you how many friends will I make trying to find you I'm not trying to hurt anyone I just want to just don't want to be lonely anymore. Us against the world, babe. But don't worry, none compared to us.

We find out creative solutions to tackle difficult problems. I lost everyone important in my life by doing this. How much should a man's woman mean to him? How much is a woman who studies philosophy with me worth to me? My mother doesn't talk to me because of you. My brother doesn't talk to me

because I don't know. And my father talks to me hesitantly every once in a while. I have my roommate who is a good friend, but he doesn't really hang out much. And I also have a few other friends who don't live very far away. But, and I go to church too. But besides that, I don't have

any social uh interconnections within my area. This is going to end in confusion because I don't know what to do. My ideology conflicts with society. What is society going to do besides shun me, which it already does. It won't help me find a lover, that's for sure. But she is the key

because God put the boundaries in my symposium and told me not to release any of my past material until I found her. So she unlocks the key to Pandora's box. So true too. To unlock this key I will lose many friends but I will also gain some and maybe I'll end up in prison or a psychiatric But at least I looked pretty doing it.

So lock me up and throw away the key. Or watch me fail and live a life alone. Or help me find her. These are the three options given to society and it must carry out one of them which one it will be only fate knows maybe it could just be you I love you my dear I will continue singing for you until my My heart stops beating wherever I end up in that process.

I guess we will all just have to see. Will you join my adventure in which I again take my girl and show her the depths?



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



11-Cross-of-Man-Episode-2-Poetry-Slam

Oh, Father God, please direct my path, and I will follow.

Bang.

You, my love, are the cross upon my back. I signed the contract to find you at 18. Everywhere I go, I am persecuted in your name.

Where can I go in this world where I won't be persecuted and I can be myself and I can afford to survive? Where in this world is there for me? But don't worry, my love. It's not your fault.

and if i find you you will be well worth all of it if i don't it'll still be funny and at least i had the balls to stand up to a very gray area in society and exploit it to show what true value what true meaning what heart truly is and we can't do this to people because life is not black and white and if we cannot see in between the lines then we are not doing good for anybody. Anybody who exists in between those lines. Am I a bad person? Would I not be good for her? Would someone her own age

be better for her than I would be? Would they treat her right? Would someone my own age treat me right why settle for just anyone when I can find my soul mate I pray that you are a vegetarian and if you are not I will try to convince you to become one but I will respect whatever decision that you make I was hanging out with a friend last night and he invited his girlfriend over and then his girlfriend brought a pretty... What? You want to be in my movie? Want to be in my movie?

I make movies. Yeah, I make movies. Yeah, just a YouTuber. Back to the story. My friend invited

his girlfriend along and his girlfriend brought a friend who was very attractive and I couldn't even speak to her so I just hung out you know not speaking to her because I can't do it like I'm way too shy so this is what you get when I can speak into a lens the electronic world of information and in my real life so you can see the differences between what I can bring you now and what i can do in my own life which maybe that's a bit sad because um maybe i should just cut it are those guys better for her than i am in what location can i exist and give my heart to you and be accepted for it because here is the problem this is how many people that understand what I'm doing and agree with it. Everybody tells me to stop looking for you but the thing is that it's built within me. I can do nothing else in this life and if I'm going to be persecuted for who I am as an individual and not the actions in which I take then I will happily stand strong in front of this camera and continue to preach uh to you that there is a lot more to life than you understand

then we are able to waiting for you babe the only rule of the game is that you can't talk about the game oops i just lost the game what game am i talking about the game of life baby the dating game what is their game hey seen you around find you kind of attractive do you wanna what is my game do you like my game my love I'm still a a kid. They call me Peter Pan. I lost Moira. And then I lost Wendy. This time I will do

my best not to lose you. Maybe they are all you. Just different incarnations of you. Moira?

Wendy Galatia or Galatea Ivory Juliet or Prosophony or Proserpine whether you're Greek or Roman and what about Uridus there's many stories of you where I'm looking for you Ashley if not you our daughter look at the dates Alone It's from Naruto. Because we will realize that even though we have friends, they do not support our cause. And we must make sacrifices in order to find each other. Let's pay our tolls.

remember dear girl that God leads our path and we will go anywhere if there is any opportunity to share our own poetry but of course I will not be able to participate because one I am too shy and also my words are too controversial for society to handle all I can ever do is exist and talk to people if they talk to me in other words sit in the corner what world can I make in the corner while everybody else is on stage. Who is truly on stage?

Bing. The rose is red. And our children don't need to hear of such things. We don't like the reality that these topics bring as if education could help these things to prevail.

So let's skip the trauma and tell fairy tales of how the world is a beautiful place to live in and how things like this won't happen to people like them. Let's perpetrate myths about choice in assault. So when it happens to them, they'll think it's their fault. Then they'll be the ones who can't get out, because they'll be so ashamed they couldn't speak out.

We'll watch another generation of ignorance sprout, and we're painting the roses red.

refuse to be a product or a brand. I'm a human, refuse to contribute to the gangster illusion. Wendell, the next episode will be what you did to yourself and why. Wendell, society screwed you over really bad, but then they made up for it by putting you on a disability pension and allowing you to study so you didn't have to starve.

Bang. First psychiatric ward. I think it was 2010, around August or something, if I remember correctly. And I was in the wilderness in Ballarat, and they didn't think I should live like I was living, and they didn't think I should think like I was thinking.

And then they took me, I think it was for eight or nine weeks. and that was involuntarily I didn't have a choice about it they took my freedom from me against my will in that psychiatric ward they labeled me schizophrenic and gave me meds that made me feel terrible and eventually I stopped taking them after they stopped monitoring me for a long period of time diluted thoughts ideals of grandeur second time was in camera 2013 camera centenary and and I just finished making a philosophy course called my reflected death which is about the sociological issues behind suicide and and then when I so so after this course I then handed myself over to the psychiatric team who then involuntarily committed me to the unit and they took I think it's three or four weeks of my life involuntary and and they injected me with needles because I refused to take the medication that makes me feel terrible so so that was the second time and what ended up happening was I didn't talk to the doctors because I knew how they would act because, um, I went through it before within Ballarat. Um, so they had me on like a year plan that was supposed to, um, go through lots of different psychiatric, um, uh, examinations and, um, different plans. I don't, I don't know what they call it um an order of some type um but then when I was uh I went to the tribunal I I then laid out my cards which is to a certain degree what I'm doing here and um and luckily some of the people on the tribunal had um had known some of the philosophers who I was following in the footsteps of, and they came to the conclusion that I wasn't mentally ill, but was just an eccentric philosopher. So then they let me out of there, which was kind of weird because,

hey, you're homeless now again. We just took you for three or four weeks, and now off the streets just to examine you, and now you're homeless again. And it turned out that all the needles we gave you and everything, we didn't have to do that because you were mentally sound anyway so i don't know um but that was that was also a horrible experience like each one of these experiences are a lot of trauma on the psychology those places are not good places so let's think about that because i'm going to be presenting a lot to you um over the next few episodes treatment was the word that i was looking for or treatments but after that happened then i kind of made a lot of different movies and works and that kind of started movies and TV shows for me. So instead of doing courses, I just did movies and TV. And to be honest,

I like TV the best because I can just do one production after another until it's all done and you'll probably only get seasons from me, like one season. But like Independence year for kids showed, one season had 63 episodes in it, so that's okay, you know, and my other one's 30, another one's 13, and another one's 9, so it gives me the amount of room that I need, but back to what I was doing, I kind of left Canberra because I was kind of scared about all the information that I released about Canberra, so I left quickly, and you can see that homeless journey start in Independence Year for Kids. But then I did a really big production in Independence Year for Kids, and that's where I ran for Prime Minister. But then after that, shortly after that, then I started on another TV show called Dear Ashley, which is where I was using my phone, not near as good as using a camera like this.

But, um, but, um, while doing that, there was this, um, I was trying to volunteer for community, develop, uh, community, um, community programs in which I could, you know, maybe help, um, help teach music. I was really teaching scrolls, the whole thing was that you can make your own scroll and then other people can copy your scroll but then they're not allowed to copy your scroll until they understand what they're copying, so it's like a method of learning, so I kind of wanted to teach that and I had a liar and I was getting ok at it and I was kind of ready to start sharing my gifts, but then I tried to volunteer for it and I needed a fixed physical address so i called up and tried and tried to get them to say because to in order to apply for that you need a police clearance which was no problems um but so i tried to apply for that and um they wouldn't let me so then i put that information in the in the film that they wouldn't let me and then i sent the film um a link to the film to the lady who was working there and then they arrested me. But the thing is that two days before I did that, the cops in Perth were after me. My friend Chris, which I have on footage of that actually happening and released before the cops picked me up, that they were after me. So the police were looking for me because

of my material in which I posted. Because after I posted it all, I sent a chapter in book to like a hundred government officials, like all the government official contacts that I made over the 1 year, 3 months, 12 days in Canberra. Yeah, so after I did that then I ran and, sorry, so this was in Nimbin, at that stage I was in Nimbin doing Dear Ashley and then they picked me up and then they said these bull crap charges, like they kept me for ages and then they developed these charges, they They created these charges of how I'm harassing this lady who I sent that link to. And they were like bad charges too.

And then also abusing the internet and telecommunications provider. Like, I don't know. Like, it was really weird. But they threw me in prison for a week.

Because, only because I had no one to bail me out. They thought there would be someone to bail me out. And no one bailed me out. So I stayed in prison for a week, but then from prison they sent me straight to the psychiatric ward.

Well, they sent me straight to the mental health department, which then did an assessment on me and then sent me to the psychiatric ward. So then I had another, I think, eight or nine weeks there, which at first they diagnosed me schizophrenic, but then after they got to know me a little bit, they took that diagnosis off. So I still don't have any diagnosis. And I'm no longer on my medications, which I hate.

But I had to be for a while because what happened with the court case is that they eventually dropped the charges under Section 32, which means that I was mentally impaired and didn't understand what I was doing. And I still don't know what I did. No one's been able to tell me. But it was like an eight-month trial.

And the thing is, it was so stupid. I wasn't allowed to talk. They wouldn't let me talk. So I couldn't advocate for myself, even though I'm more than capable.

And they never talked about what happened. They only talked about my mental health. So from straight away, there was never any mention of any of the facts. They only talked about my mental health.

And the charge papers are horrible. They make me out to be a predator, and I don't know, am I a predator? Maybe you can make that decision. I'm not trying to hurt anyone. I don't want to hurt anyone.

I spend my life trying to be a good person, and sorry if I fail in some aspects, but I really try hard. Okay, so, yeah, that was both the psychiatric ward and the prison. um so the government's taken a lot of my life and in bad a bad uh experience it's what post traumatic stress disorder um i don't know maybe i'll have that all of my life because because i constantly see images of horrors in my head from my past um and and it's very difficult to to communicate with individuals about first world problems when under the first layer of their society hides many viruses and and if the viruses can't be seen then we can't rectify them um so whenever people are talking about crap small talk i suck at small talk i can't do it It's like so confusing, the whole way the communication works is so confusing, and it's not about truth. There's no truth elements within the language, so I don't understand how that language is functional within the world.

To some degree, I can see how it can lead into other things, but yeah, I'm pretty socially awkward, and not good at conversation unless someone can keep up with me. And I'm very obsessive too, so I'll continue the same topic very deeply and won't stop until we have both come to clearer understandings of the subjects and we don't have to necessarily agree as to the conclusions of those, But if we present all of our experience and what logic we can make from it publicly out in the open, in front, throw it out there. And then we can analyze what we've thrown out there to see how any of these manifestations had any effect onto the real world. Hey, see, so I can say this craft, you know, am I a poet?

What is poetry? Where does poetry come from? Do I have to rhyme in order to make articulate statements? Are articulate statements within the way in which I employ my speech, are they poetic in nature? What is poetry and how can we use that within our lives? Is it the words

on the paper? What is language? Is the words and thoughts that we record and then regurgitate, Are those the thoughts in which hold deeper meaning, or is it the spontaneous speech from the heart that actually holds the substance of the individual, and I can do this again and again and again and again, and how many times am I going to mess up, let's say mess up, press up, cess up, does any of it matter, what am I here for and why should I worry about these things that you worry about. Why should I care whether or not this REC's light is on and whether or not I stumble on my words. If my message is conveyed and is articulate

enough to paint the image, then how can that image exist in a false nature. So let's think about poetry and how we can express our own thoughts in a manner in which can be understood by everyone, or should I say, not able to be misunderstood. My messages are very clear and even though I might be vague in some of my approaches, those messages are still conveyed and if you watch the work, then you will eventually understand.

Tax was expensive. Time to sort out our finances.

Hmm, maybe this one.

Life is music. How we interpret and articulate that music is called poetry. Am I an actor? Am I a model? Am I a musician? Am I a philosopher? Am I a sociologist? Am I a

director? Am I a filmographer? Am I a poet? What is I? What is what? What is... What genre

is my work? What does it mean to be free? What does it mean to be single? What is freedom?

and what is its consequences?

What awesome angles can I achieve? What is the difference between sleeping in a bed and in a tent? And how will it alter my productions?

Would you prefer me in a house making shadow puppets? Or out there in the wild the artificial wild not like last time when I went into the wilderness can't do that with a car so that means I would be restricted to campsites which are just vacant land that are it's usually pretty um in which you can pitch a tent where a lot of other people pitch a tent and somehow that's called camping beats me I need to get a phone so I can tether and then I need to think about what I need to get in order to do this should I do it I have a few friends here who I am fond of beauty you deserve the best girl the best that I can find the most beautiful images in which are possible combined with the speech that possesses meaning with those images such as sneeze very natural back to what I was saying you deserve the best and if I cannot provide you the best in my current environment then I need to leave it and find the best for you and the only thing that can stop that it is if I can find a way to to advertise locally to youth so the mission is clear straight as an era travel and find the most beautiful places to film for your heart's desire or find out how to advertise to her locally. There are your options, Wendell. Good luck. I will be there for you every step

of the way, dear Wendell. Can you see? My ivory is very real. Can you get the metaphors? Don't

Worry dear girl. I know life is hard and that you are struggling You feel like an alien in a society that doesn't want you You feel like others expect things out of you in which are not part of you You feel like no one cares and Everybody's very mechanical. I love you girl and you shouldn't worry Because I will be there for you every step of the way. Will you take my hand?

We'll be off to Never Never Land.

The fairy in my hand, it's dust sprinkled upon me. And all I need to remember are my happy thoughts. That will get me through this life. I must watch out for pirates at every single stage.

This is life stage baby. Make yours a good production. Maybe I do countless productions, but guess what, it's only one. Brought to you by God Inc.

Available only for a limited time. Please read the terms and conditions before filing a complaint. And if you are still dissatisfied with your service, you are welcome to file a complaint with the party responsible. If you want to blame God for the problems of man, then you must also blame God for creating man. Why is man so hurtful to man? Why do people not care about other people's

problems? And why do those who act like they do only superficially care about their problems? And why aren't people trying to help other people solve their problems instead of treating them? Why are people not better equipped to support each other and why are we socially dysfunctional in regards to those who think differently to mainstream society?

Not entirely human. Mix of many things. You are the same. Not entirely human. Mix of many things. Then split in half and separated by birth and age.

only to one day come together again to incite divine retribution.

For you are coming in the clouds, my love, and every eye shall see,

even the ones who pierced you. And from our bones in which we threw behind us We will be given a second chance. It's the new world order, baby. One where character is determined by the actions of the individual and not their status in society.

A sacrificial life given to the people.

About 20 years of martial arts experience. only ever having one relationship and failing at that but in the process being hurt a great deal causes me to be very protective over my heart I felt abandoned not only by my family but also my lover socially awkward not able to hit on girls too shy to even say hi the image now created of a lover who would never abandon me and who would provide me the best life possible and in return I do the same for her need to pack heaps of water in my car whether she exists or not irrelevant because her image in itself and the process it takes for me to court her results in me becoming the best person possible whether she exists or not. So she does this for me in my mind or in reality and by her doing this this enables me to give as much as possible back to society by teaching you interesting topics on camera. Controversial topics maybe? I don't know. What do you think?

It was her image that made it controversial to begin with. And if what I am doing is bad, doing is bad then how is everything in which results from it good who has misplaced values me or society after Jenna left me I prayed to God asking how How I could be used for its own purpose in this life. After that prayer, I was knocked to my ass and I had a vision. Just so you know, before that prayer, I was about to end my own life.

And right before I did it, that's when I got knocked to the ground and lost consciousness. And I had a conversation. And that conversation is revealed in Independence Year for Kids. There's a reason I'm doing all of this. There's a reason I'm not going to give it up. Throw me in jail. Throw me a psychiatric ward. I don't know. Kill me. Do whatever you want. But I'm not stopping.

Because what I am doing is right. If you are ill, who would you seek? An expert, a professional who has studied hard in order to be able to understand how to heal ailments such as you are experiencing.

Who would you go to for moral guidance? Who is the professional there? Bang. After this semester, I have a degree in philosophy.

Will that mean that people will actually carefully analyze and listen to my words? No. Will that mean that my thoughts will not be judged before they are understood? No.

Is it possible to find such a grandiose ideal? I don't know. I guess it depends. It's probably all a fiction of my imagination.

But that is irrelevant because the results speak for themselves. Uh, I almost did it. Oh, well. Okay. We got singing lessons in a sec. Man of the World. It's from Naruto. Try to improvise something. Maybe life. You see how crappy that was? You see how I'm launching my music career? It's fun. Don't really care what anyone thinks. Having a good time.

Today, my love, another day for you. Spend thinking and singing, wondering how I can glue you and me together forever. How can one think of such grandest ideals without falling into hell of my ivory? How can I prove to thee that I am the one that we are meant to be, that we are the tree of life?

How can I rhyme at least some of the time? How can I be in this world that's not free? How can we show that we have something to give? And how can we exist and how can we make our words into song?

How can I think and articulate this song? Oh, my ivory, how can you get the best of me? How can we fight against all oppression with all our might? How can we be in this ridiculous, really stupid society?

Love you, girl. This is how we do it, girl. I love and I love to worship my soul. That kind of sucked, but I have a lot of potential.

Let's try an octave lower. I... Gotta get it. I...

I love you, Lord. I lift my voice to worship you. My soul rejoice. Take joy, my King.

In what you hear, may it be a sweet, sweet... It's the off key. Try it. How do I articulate the choir in my head?

How do I articulate you? One day we will be together again, and it will be like we were never apart. I have studied my entire life on these topics in which you are receiving. What I am doing is right. And if you can't see that, then you are closed-minded. Because what I am presenting is amazing. It's how we as a society can obtain the right people for our own individual psychologies in life and flourish as the individuals we are giving us the best soil to plant in.

to invest into the the future of all of our lives because when you get people together that you know click like that then they can give a lot more back to society the haystack of the world I encourage every single one of you who are single to find yours maybe you will fail but what would you accomplished by failing. Maybe its website is gone thanks to the authorities, but its ideal never will be. Welcome to Open Source University, my love.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



11-Cross-of-Man-Episode-3-Love-Song-for-My-Saviour

Why do people get angry at other people just for existing? So today my voice trainer told me that I was like a child and that I was very immature and that I should stop telling her the same things over and over again, which she used for example I said I learned differently than other people because she says you know I sing it wrong and she says why don't you sing it right and it's like well I can't I'm thinking differently than other people and then she attacks me and and gets really angry at me upset and raises her voice and I'm just like why are you doing this so I no longer have a music teacher and who cares but I suck at music so I'll just keep on sucking until I get good teachers aren't worth it because teachers can be really mean and why do I I'm not paying money to get abused so why would I do that what what what let's try to have fun with it if I can eventually drop the charges under section 32 and 20 BQ I will become a good singer and musician on my own may take some time a few years maybe tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock put it into gear teachers have never been able to accommodate my learning style plus they oftentimes get aggressive when there's no reason to get aggressive and they want to stop after After I make a mistake or if I sound a way they don't like, then they want to stop and then start again. And I just need to be able to continue. And I got a very good ear.

And if I was unable to just continue sounding bad, then eventually I would sound good. Yeah. So I'm just going to learn on my own. Teachers have never worked for me.

They have always ended up similar to this. And I've been going to this one for, I don't know, maybe eight weeks now. But I guess all things come to their end eventually. The creation of Wendell.

What a fun topic. The evil genius.

Given the equipment that God has given me, how can I function proficiently in this society?

I am a broken individual. damaged to the core. No typical relationship would be capable of providing for my needs. What do I do? After studying philosophy I realized that

I needed a philosopher. The truth. At first I thought this would be fun. Oh my psychology let's do this thing not fun this will be one of those episodes in which I am afraid of people watching people getting to know this about me always attracted to innocence not to defile that innocence but to preserve it This made my marriage complicated.

Being wired like that in our modern-day society will not work out very well for our victim. After they finish high school, they pretty much know what they want to do in life, and it's not philosophy. And then we have the film aspect, which how am I to do something like this for the rest of my life with my girl? Well, she has to be gorgeous. And if she's not, then it won't work. So, like, you know, I'm throwing my cards out there.

Do you want this? If you're gorgeous, and you love philosophy, and you want to study that as your major, and if you are interested in film and sociology, then you can probably get me. So, you know, do it if you can. See, because of all this, there's no, I can't communicate with anybody.

So, that means that, you know, my part in this is making these videos for you. And your part is going to have to be hitting on the guy that's making them for you. Because I can't talk to you. one because I'm shy and two that would make me appear to be a predator but here's the thing and the reason why I did all of it is what I am proposing a bad thing and if it's not or if you're conflicted about the proposal then we have identified a big flaw in society in which we must either rectify or continue to enforce the oppression and which restricts potentially meaningful relationships um merely by age Yeah, I guess that's the reason, but it's not.

I carefully examined my own psychology and then constructed a divine plan in which would enable me to contribute to my own society in my own way using a device to enable me to do that. And that is what you're getting, is the device that I created, although controversial, enabled me to bring everything to you that I have.

We go back to The Princess Bride and the book it was based on, which does not exist. Yeah, I ended up with it. God wired me like that. Sorry. Don't take any actions to demonstrate that I am an unstable character, nor do I take any sexual advancements towards anybody that's inappropriate for me to do that with.

Actually, I don't do that at all, so it doesn't really matter, but yeah, look at how I think, why I think, and then what can I do using how I'm wired to benefit society. And that is where my heart is. Because she is hurting and she needs my help. Many she's are hurting and they need my help. Many he's are hurting and they need my example.

Life isn't what we expect. Life cannot be compartmentalized, bureaucracized. See, I did it. Life is not like that.

Am I wrong for being wired like this? And would a relationship between me and someone who is about to finish high school and wants to proceed to university to do a philosophy degree, is that sort of thing really evil? Like, am I doing wrong by wanting that? And am I, would anything wrong result from that? So, yeah, I do it to be able to give you this material, to give every individual this material, to give, to give my ivory the material at the end of the day, um, because that's what drives me, because she drives me.

But why has society prohibited me from doing what I'm naturally built to do? And I think there's many, many wrongs that inflict the oppression in order to stabilize the social norm around this topic. Because people like me are not treated well within society at all, even though we have never taken actions that would be of a negative effect to someone who is underage. So I think that's really, really wrong to be judged before, before you actually take any actions. Um, because if it's, uh, it's not in character, that wouldn't be in character. Like anyone who, who even knew of me would understand that that's not the type of thing that, that I would do or anything.

So like if we can just learn each other by our character and our character is formed through the actions in which we take and these labels that we utilize in order to box people up to be collectively understood are not healthy at all. And if we rely on those labels in order to group individuals who think differently together with other ones that would do negative actions, then we're not talking about the same thing. And when you think of that word, and when I think of that word, we're not talking about the same thing. Have you studied your etymology? Do you know where these words came from?

Do you know the roots of the words and each suffix? Do you know how the word came into existence? How it was utilized? How it developed? And how it was corrupted?

Like, have you studied all of these different aspects? And then, hopefully not you, but maybe you, maybe the one watching this right now on the other side of the camera, and through the electronic information into your eyes, like, are you judging me negatively right now for speaking this? for really screaming out, whistleblowing against a terrible injustice which affects a great deal of people every day because we're so sexually driven in society. So if a body, a mind, and a spirit, I'm talking about all three, if they're not mature, if they're not ready to do that sort of thing, then why would someone do that?

Because then that's called rape. So, and if you were to do that to a child, then that's child molestation. So, you know, these are the words that we should be utilizing with someone who wants to, someone, I say someone because there's no one except me, who wants to take someone under their wing and enable them to prosper even much more than they have been able to. Um, like, in ancient Greece, this was a common phenomenon where a mentor, a mentor, sorry, would, or even a tutor, like, a relationship would develop from the thoughts and the ideals in which they communicated together, and oftentimes that sort of thing would lead to marriage.

um but but that's like people in society whoa no but the thing is i'm gonna i'm gonna say it like i'm i'm i'm still evading the telling the topic straight because last time i did that um i got in trouble but but the thing is is a a 16 year old girl in two years is going to be an 18 year old girl and a 14 year old girl in two years is going to be a 16 year old girl and if we don't have the ability to keep it in our pants for you know one to three four years you know like then what's that say about our society who is the one in the wrong like if we're all you know driven by this and and not by this and this then this is the result that you get you get this crazy guy who spends his entire life trying to um i guess clear up this subject uh which is a really difficult subject and and the people that end up finding out you know i'm i'm evil to them you know i've lost my family and my friends and you know i've lost everything my life look my life revolves around me holding this camera and this hand and then and then in this hand trying to present to what i'm talking about like look at how it's set up look at what i've had to do because i was wired that way and do you think that means that your society has um has provided me you know the opportunity to to to flourish to to be me and and integrated within society like i really have problems with society i really do because i can't help how i'm tuned here i can definitely not do anything with this look six and a half years i haven't had any action at all i'm okay with that um and and if i met someone and became friends with them and over a few years you know sometimes we talk and then you know and and then once they become you know of age then to be able to romantically pursue that uh what is wrong with that and if you think there's something wrong with that then you're indoctrinated you're brainwashed into the society which was forced upon you and and that really hurts me because it hurts a lot of people because i'm not the only one that's like this guess what i've had deep and meaningful conversations with lots of guys that are like this but guess what it's a secret it's such a secret so like if i am i retarded that was like the description of of the symposium my symposium um am i retarded like are you retarded are you retarded for thinking like you have thought until you think about how i'm presenting you that thought so does that make you retarded for missing what was right in front of you all the time. I'm so sorry. I'm getting passionate. This is a really big subject for me because it affects me every second of every day and the way people treat me because of it. Not cool. Not cool. And what do you want me to do? Do you want me to be quiet about

it all? Do you want me to just cut off my basic human necessities? I mean, do you want me to stop being wired like I am. I mean, I think you need, uh, well, you probably want to do ECT to me or something like that. Like what? I'm not doing anything wrong. And by

you saying I am just for being wired like that, then that's oppression. And I'm not talking about you, girl. Like I do that. And I hope you've started to learn that most of time I'm talking to you, sometimes I'll talk to me, sometimes I'll talk to society, sometimes I'll talk to the viewer, but mostly it's about you, dear girl. And I say that because that's

the device. That's what I utilized in order to bring you this production. And you gave me all the passion, all the desire, all the love, all the care, all the particularity, everything that is possible you have opened my eyes to because i wouldn't have been able to do this without you just thinking and knowing and and driving like trying to get closer to you and i'll keep doing i'll get closer and closer and closer to you every single production um and And production, you know, like, I want you in real life. I don't think that's likely at all.

I think I'll be alone for the rest of my life. But the thing is, is I got a chance. And, you know, like, so right now I could date girls aged 18 to 22 without, you know, with maybe a little bit of hiccups. but but you know what about when I get to 35 and and there's like 18 to 20 year olds you know like there's the people that were younger are now older so like how come we we can't see over a long period of time see there's there's where we conflict this is why I have a huge problem with most of the human population is because I see far and I have trouble seeing what's in front of me But I see very, very far. So everybody else around me can just see what's in front of them, but they can't see what's far. So I'm getting lots of people trying to talk to me, so I gotta go. But you understand where I'm going with this, and I guess I gotta make the rest of the production about this topic, because I just opened a whole can of worms if you never got my metaphors before.

Yeah, I had a suggestion for Wendell's TV show, thought we might call it Pedo Bear Does Oz. Production company. That's Open Source University. My work is a statement against society.

It is a sacrificial attempt at enabling a new type of relationship to form in society. or should I say old type bang here it is can you say brainwashing brainwashing then how do we inspire our youth to take philosophy as their major in university because philosophy is awesome and people just don't realize what sitting right under their noses or there are my options let's do this thing okay I made a mistake here and I want to show you it wouldn't have affected you at all but I just recently upgraded to Windows 10 so I just wanted to show you well what ended up happening was there was the episode right there and I drug it into the recycle bin but the thing is at the same time I was doing a system cleanup so my original source files are gone um and now watch this this is one take so this is actually a mistake like I took more than one take you are the same I see see so I should have used the second one so it just repeated I should have deleted it off my camera before it got to that stage but sometimes I'm in the middle of other things so I don't get around to deleting the other ones yeah so you might see that every once in a while I know I've done it a few other times in my work but that's how it happens is I end up merging the files and then and then the source files are deleted through some reason and then when I catch it is too late so yeah that's it amen glory to you let us see how many people know how to use the pause button entering character creation process black hair blue hair check lip ring check tattoos check we're given this body and this mind and the spirit and we can modify it for optimal outcomes and if we do that then we can experience the most pleasurable game possible what What is it that I have done? Does this remind you of some paperwork I just showed you? Our bodies are machines and they will perform according to how they are programmed.

What each individual must ask themselves is how they will program themselves because every Every single thing that they will do hereafter will result from that programming. I rewired many aspects of my mind in order to be able to bring you this. Examine your own psychology. Does it work?

And how can you gear it to work? Do you want to be like him? Or do you want your blip on the radar to be something different? What will you make your car?

How can I present to you the ever complex synaptic reactions? Keep it going. It starts with a man who has a mission, won't stop if he can't obtain what is envisioned. My heart, the focus of my heart is you, no matter what I do, can't get you out of here.

And where is here, when there is here, or where is here, or where can we be, where? out to you. Can we do song by interpreting our own emotions? Can we be how we are? And

it conveys the right emotions, conveys the right associations, conveys the right amount of error in us cause we are free to record our world for me to keep the REC light on every night that I'm on because you see it's you and me girl for the rest of our lives We won't go anywhere that God doesn't lead us. Be me and you, girl. Yes, you and me, girl. For you are my religion.

Let's get in tune To our world now we see What is ours It is my car And my shoes And pants which comfort me In these cold times How can we see What is it to see That I see now, girl It's just me and you Dancing under moonlight I see the moonlight Now you can too, girl How we lookin' a life like now Boom, boom, boom Boom, boom, boom, boom Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom Boom, boom, boom, boom Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom Hey girl, you see That life is such a game We just gotta play it right With the cards We were given I might have foresight but I have little in front of me so you gotta work with me cuz hey I'm a bit retarded yes it's true I'm not the smartest tool you'll find in the shed but you see at the end I am cuz what am I doing dancing around in the front of a friend's yard working for you to produce you content. And why is my content so important that I would dedicate my life? And why am I here although slightly high and slightly drunk? And why am I here giving this to you?

It's because my dear girl Ivory, I love you. You can't see what is laid before your eyes. You can't see what shaky grounds Your foundations of life of all manners Shall go recognized within society Whether you care whether your heart is with mine Whether you are one of those me's, whether we can go to heaven or our own hell, we go together, please.

Oh, what is this life? What am I doing here? Why am I here singing to a girl in a really weird atmosphere under really weird conditions and why? That was the question.

I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it all. What potential does what you see have before you? Do you want to be my friend?

Okay. You do? Good. You don't?

Um, please don't send the cops my way. I don't want to deal with the cops. Please be nice to me, cops. I'm just trying to do what a man's gotta do.

But my heart tells me that I have to do.

So what can I say, girl? What do you mean to me? You mean my life, which is given to you Oh girl, what you take of me What you give back to me Like the yin and the yang, my girl What she means to me Drunk and a little bit high The bong's gone what does it mean for the bonk to be gone how can I sing my life for you how can I make my emo tones how can I develop as an individual how can I become your one and only song cuz you're my girl and I'll spend eternity praising your name dear ivory you see I'm getting it I can continue I can be like this forever you can see I've tried to capture my soul into film which will prosper all day and night long can I accentuate my voice and become better what is better please tell me I probably won't take your advice but I appreciate your sentiments all the well oh my time it's dedicated to to you my girl my girl what is she to me I come here I do this although I just want to be with you so what does it mean to me to get her to be strong to feel heartache all along to be strong and to be free as we can be i'm sorry i'm sorry okay i gotta be quiet okay thanks the end of a beautiful song where in this world can i find an environment appropriately suited to my needs the brain becomes our playground and we can rewire its functionality tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick at first we are guests within our own minds and we have to assess the situation. We have to look our demons in the eyes and confront them again and again and again. Through observation over time we will learn the weaknesses of our

demons and exploit them and we cry. Once we have taken an inventory of our mental faculties and have identified the ones in which hinder us, then we start a project to improve those faulty aspects. The core of the disease can never be healed, thus we must work on its clothing. How are we going to make our psychological ills more attractive to the public. The only reason those ills

existed to begin with is because society told you so, not because it was innately wrong. What is wrong? Now that would depend on each individual scenario. I have often times been accused of having black and white thinking.

It is amazing when we utilize our words entirely incorrectly.

Bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum hum. Can you see? I give you my heart I lay it on the table, the good and bad You see, girl? It's just me everything you get, is a hundred percent honesty Because it's me. All of my ills. All of my chills. All of my few meals. Because you see, I give it all to thee. Miss Camera, my perfect. Because you strive me to be more.

Strive me? Does it work? Can we make it work today and tomorrow? My girl, I give it all to thee.

I tell you how it is, although I had to work on that very hard over a long period of time in order to not get in trouble, and I'm still probably going to get in trouble, but girl, you mean it to me. You're my everything. My religion. Cause girl, I give it all to you. I make the tunes up in my head and then I think about how I can interpret them directly to the camera for you.

and I can do it now and I get better tomorrow and it just keeps getting better and I don't care if other people like it cause I know you will cause girl my heart on a cutting board my smarts working overboard my love for you is my entire existence everything's for you I walk this world hoping I can find you one day in my head but I see what's out there and there's nothing like what I present but the thing is I exist so that means that That maybe one day, maybe if I'm careful with my presentation and reach the right ears, and maybe one day I will find her stumbling through my notes to get this out to you. How many songs have I just sung? How many went through my head and came out directly into speech, into this camera, which is recording for you? Maybe just me, but you can now see my development as a musician, because I'm not a musician, I know these topics are hard I struggle with them every day it's why I focus on them always end up on my knees but girl me and you could really help the problems that we suffer my girl we could analyze our own psychologies articulate their processes and film it for the world to learn how we are awesome we are the coolest species to exist if those aliens if they come down here they must have pretty cool sunglasses to compete with mwah and y'all and y'all anybody listen to the camera right now anybody out there you are the future you can make it happen you just gotta learn about your psychology about how it works and where it misfires and don't you worry cuz all of it's right you just gotta work out the kinks and if you feel alone don't cut it come to me I'll listen out for your problems and I'll try to be there I won't tell any psychiatric words because that's terrible and I'll care for you cuz I care for you who hurts and I make up a girl in my head so I can give this to you so maybe one day I might reach those who hurt because I hurt and I know what it's like yes I know what it's like to be alone and now thanks to this imaginary girl you're not alone I love you ivory from 50 to 52 minutes every episode a musical definitely not the types of musicals you're used to okay now why should I call this episode oh I don't want to do what Nathan says. And I have an adventure coming up shortly. We're going to see

some beauty my love. Oh yeah and don't forget to subscribe by clicking the I don't care button to your left or the go screw yourself button to the to your right. Oh I screwed that up. You can watch another episode of crap if you just click on other crap don't forget to subscribe to some other random person because they helped make the production possible make sure you see this crap movie and listen to this crap song and download this crap software because that's what it takes You've got to find sponsorship in order to actually succeed in the world.

I am sorry, society. I'm sorry for my natural propensities.

I carefully examined what I had and attempted to make something of it, which was pure and not corruptible. and I'm apologizing now because I couldn't help the way that I was wired to do that and I'm sorry that maybe, like I know this issue is very, very difficult because it then involves sexual matters which is terrible and we need to consider that when we're talking about the subject because, and that's the way that society is enframed in thinking about those sort of relationships. They're not thinking about having real relationships. So it's really difficult to be wired to want, you know, to secure a girl before she's decided what she wants to do at uni.

And then spend the rest of my life with her, you know, marry her. Like, and, and me not being, you know, allowed to do that by society's standards makes it really difficult for, for me. And I've had to, um, I mean, I've had to, my whole life is a result of, of me trying to be able to cope with this aspect of me. so you know why is it that you really get what you get like and and how much of this is therapy for me and really has little to do with anybody else um you know I I tried my best I don't know like I've done the best with what I had that I could do and it left me in a lot of horrible places in life and I don't want it to do that again and I don't want to get in trouble for doing this because what I'm saying is right and if we just listen to what I'm saying and consider you know like and if this type of relationship that I'm proposing was at least you know mildly known within society and it was passed on to future generations then it could you know it could be of great benefit to society because when you get people like that that come together, those people can really do a lot of good. So, one minute on camera. I don't know what

else to say. You know, if you want to attack my character for how I'm wired, then you are welcome to do that. But I haven't hurt anyone, nor would I ever, nor would I think about a sexual relationship with someone under the age so it's still a topic though that's that needs to be discussed because how we view relationships with minors in our modern day society um is twisted and and we are not understanding of the psychology behind it um at all um and we're not tolerant of So, here is my attempt to try to create a more tolerant society, one in which the authorities are not involved in relationships of romance. The camera's going to go out any second.

But I really enjoyed doing this even though it was terribly frightening because I'm releasing something quite, you know, against society's mode of thought. So thank you very much. I enjoyed performing for you. I look forward to performing for you a lot in the near future and even the long-distance future.

I look forward to giving the rest of my life to you. It's still recording, so I guess I'll end on the date because that's kind of important.

2015, or should I say 2015. Yeah, it's been quite nice.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



11-Cross-of-Man-Episode-4-My-Religion

Our life revolves around the moon.

Dearest Diana, forever I will bask under your moonlight. I've been going to this one for, I don't know, maybe eight weeks now.

She really has helped me, and her name is Sarah Stiles. You can look her up. She's good.

I'm doing bad. I know what it's like, yes I know, what it's like to be alone, to this imaginary, both secure yourself in life, and take risks, situations, thoughts and time, underlie my own mind, how am I to do this, how can I fly through the mist, What should I do when I don't know? How should I sing when I'm so slow? How can I give my voice my mood?

How can I be as good as me can be? How can I sing? How can I love? How can I hurt? How can I feel? How can I give myself to you?

What is this world where it forces upon me life? I must go out in the day and come back at night. A journey from beginning to end, with its creation evolved within, a journey for me and you. Sounds crappy, let's try lower.

What can I do to be loved by you? Video after video, how many will it take? I strive, I push, I shove, I die inside. But if we came together and put on God's armor and studied philosophy and took on life together, all the while our lives dedicated to God, What creatures could we be if we just saw meaning in you and me?

If we stripped away the dollar associated with this and this and this and even this and this and just learn to help each other in the areas in which we are gifted in. What can I say? To show you the way There's only one way It's not what everybody else is doing How can I sing? With my own being How can you get the best and worst of me at the same time?

What is time? How can we interpret it? how can it be that what was is and about to become what are these values which are indoctrinated into me how can I see outside of my own being what song is this how many songs are connected what are we doing with our potentials does it go into that actor performance played by just gonna use Tom Cruise again and And then we give them metal. I'm sure you did good for all the things in which you were paid to do.

Good job. I hope that fares well. But what I'm saying is that we can be different. It doesn't have to revolve around our pockets.

it can be love say that's you and me she said I was using my whiny voice too and that I shouldn't talk to people using my whiny voice and the really funny thing about it is that I went to her wanting to be trained in how to sing emo which is a whiny voice so it's just a bit ironic the whiny voice is where it's at baby and if you love God sometimes I'll talk to society sometimes I'll talk to the viewer sometimes the demon talks skills with a Z or Z depending if you're Please put me with people hurt. I want to help. I want to help people. Please help me help people.

Jenna really messed me up. When she left, all of her friends took her side. Most of my friends took her side, and I had to get rid of almost all my friends because they were spying on me, and I couldn't trust them not to release information to Jenna about me because somehow Jenna knew my every step, but I knew none of hers. So, yeah, I guess, see, that's, I just contacted someone from my distant past from, you know, maybe 17 or 18 years ago, and I had to remove them because they're still in contact with Jenna and it will never work.

I'm so damaged and there's not really a lot I can do about it. My aunt's husband says that if I ever come back to America, he'll kill me. used to think that there was a conspiracy against me now I know it I'm not scared of anything throw it my way snakes spiders cliffs rough terrain doesn't matter I'm not scared of anything Jenna Jenna oh no no not Jenna that woman scares me to my very core why because she took many actions and which I thought would be humanly impossible due to the conflicting nature of those actions heartless I was gonna say the B word but she's just a heartless person how can you just up and leave the one in which you vowed to be with forever on the insides of our rings we inscribed forever through God's grace I am still conflicted with how to feel about that after she left she told all her friends to no longer be friends with me which they did and then a handful of my friends which I didn't really have that many also took her side and stopped being my friend. And then the few friends I did have remaining after that, I started to have trust issues with because everything that I was doing, Jenna would somehow find out and it would trickle back to me before I would even tell other people. So I wasn't

sure who I could trust, and I wasn't sure what friend was coming to Jenna with information about me, and I kind of just cut off, you know, almost all of my friends there. I have really major trust issues. I've been hurt really, really bad in my past, and it's not just jenna it's kind of everyone because i didn't have any support after the divorce i was the bad guy and everybody hated me what can you do over the years in which we were together my mother spent considerable effort in breaking us apart abandonment issues the reasons begin to fill themselves in like connecting the dots how can I secure myself one gorgeous lady for the rest of my life how can I ensure that she would never leave me well if she was a philosopher and she absolutely loved it then we would bounce off each other very very well and it would be difficult if not impossible impossible for her to find someone better I just want one girl for life and I want her to want me for life sometimes I have nightmares of of jenna and despite everything that i have said i still love her i know this will never get back to her but i hope her well in life and i hope that she has a wonderful marriage that lasts a lifetime with her new husband six and a half years later i still say i am sorry Jenna, that I could not be the man that you needed me to be. And I must pay for my failures.

And if that means that I have to be alone for the rest of my life, then so be it. Let God's will be done. And even though romantic potential is null, I am a sucker. Is this how you get the girl?

Bang. The sad thing is, is that in our modern day society, it is. I don't know why I do the things that I do. They wouldn't give me very much for that at all, like only like a quarter of what it's worth.

For my tithe, I guess, for God blessing me financially right now, I'll give it to him.

My motivations? I am not trying to flaunt my kindness. I am just demonstrating that I am doing both one and two at the same time. Okay. Chloe is 19. Jackson, he's 16. Straight as an arrow. People in real life don't watch my work. That actually kind of works in my favor.

I wish you liked philosophy. And I wish you didn't have a dirty mouth. And finger. And I wish you wanted kids. It's very difficult for me to find someone that is physically attractive to me.

And when I do, I tend to ruin it anyway, and also when I do, those girls don't have the mind and the spirit in which I'm after, usually. So, it doesn't matter. My tithe for being financially blessed by God is to give a computer to a girl who needs it for her studies and give a Nintendo 3DS to a guy who really wanted it. She could be queen of the world, and she just doesn't know it.

Maybe I do it because I can't buy you anything.

It's as close as it gets.

Why am I showing you all of this?

I rarely show you real-life interactions that I have with girls.

There is a reason. i hope she doesn't find out like she ever will my work is like uh oh i gotta go but my work is the way to hide anything i want yay no one cares so i can say whatever i want but maybe it is her how can i know and maybe she won't watch this but what could i do in my productions if she is see i don't know like there's some things that you know like this world isn't you know as solid as i sometimes make it out to be if we ended up getting married What could I do in my productions right now that she would later come to find sweet? This is so stupid. Why do we as humans create these what if conditions?

And doesn't that kind of impose yourself on the other person? See, tackling girls in real life and the fictional ones online are two completely different subjects. So, let's see if we can not cut it. Let's see if we can not cut it. Let's have a journey.

this is a perfect experiment with how I could go about finding a girl with my work because you know this is going to be a problem like my work she's gonna watch a little bit of my work and then go hey this guy's a bit strange so how How should I deal with, you know, real life girls considering the work that I have displayed to the world? Hey Boogie, I'm a strange guy who travels all around Australia filming really strange things and then publicly releasing it. Introduction. How does someone like me stand a chance trying to win someone like that?

Never even met her, but I haven't been able to get her off my mind since I saw her. She's stunning. So what does this look like? Boogie, can you do philosophy?

please. We'll be amazing philosophers together. You can do anything you want in this world and if you do philosophy first then you can manipulate the world to be whatever you want it to be. Boogie, can we please have kids? Is there a moon there? Can I get the moon?

There we go, okay. Boogie, can you please use a little bit less swear words? Can we be a little bit more precise in our approach to speech oh that's terrible and see that's what i impose on you know considering someone else for a romantic relationship then that's what i impose and you know people say i'm wrong for doing that but you know i need a philosopher i really need a philosopher and i need a philosopher that will challenge my own ideas and say wendell you're you're talking bullcrap, let's do this again, let's, or, you know, someone that can, can teach me, because I need to be taught, and, and, uh, if there was someone out there that would, you know, put the hours in to, um, develop their intellect, then together we could go very far in life. This laptop is for her studies.

She's studying business management, which would go very well with philosophy. although it is unlikely that her or any of the other girls that I have or will pursue in my work will ever watch this and and I don't know maybe that's for the best but the thing is is when you can see me actually doing it in real life trying to practically apply what I'm saying you can you can get a comparison at least. We will test it and let's just call it test number one because most likely it's going to be the first of many tests but maybe through it too you can see me falling in love with many girls I don't know I don't want to fall in love with one but you know whatever life brings me i'll continue to try my best to get there to achieve all i'm talking about so what if we were just to do a thought experiment and replace ivory with boogie boogie i see some of your old notes on facebook and i observe amazing intellect that has potential to reach the stars not only that i also examine a bleeding heart trying to call out to the world here is its response although Although miniscule, some of our cries reach where they are needed to be. For now, destiny has placed me in front of your eyes.

What can we make it? Would you even be interested in something like this? I don't want you to change. I just want to give you all that would be required to have the best life possible, utilizing your own gifts to help you flourish within society.

If you did philosophy, then you could get youth allowance and I'm on a pension and I I have another three years of study approximately for a master's and it would take you three to four years to do your major and I could tutor you throughout your entire degree. So you know for the next three or four years of our lives we could be not working together and studying in preparation to work and hopefully by the end of that we would have created something by ourselves and which can sustain us and not only sustain us but you know give us comfortable atmosphere and lifestyle because they'll be the fruits of our labor and maybe we have to tough it out a little bit while we study and to tough it out, like, it just means not, you know, buying all the most expensive stuff. It's not really all that like with, yes, youth allowance is hard to live on but I've got disability pension so we would live quite comfortably I don't even know you and I'm really sorry and it's really stupid for me to do this and it's probably gonna turn out really bad if you find out that I did this so hopefully you won't watch it and I don't think you will anyway but maybe if you do watch it maybe you can think it's maybe you will I don't know maybe you'll think it's romantic whatever the reason I say philosophy is not to try and make you a particular type of person in fact just the opposite the reason I say philosophy is because it will teach you about yourself and other people and your relation to yourself and other people and the outside world and your relation to it and where you would be most appropriately placed within society so it will give you time to study the most meaningful subjects ever investigated by human nature while also contemplating what you should do after and by the time you finish I should have finished my post-grad and then have a job in community development. I guess it depends on what happens, but that means that I'd be able to step into a well-paid job and I could support you through whatever post-grad you wanted to do.

From the name on a page, from the images which follow, a life built now, a life built later, the head, overworking, contemplating scenarios, thinking about what really isn't the case. What are we to do? How are we to play? Should I take meaning from the day to day? How am

I wired and how can I use it for my own benefit? I don't want to abuse it. How can I take what's inside of me and externalize it to the one who I want to be with. How can I make up a scenario about about romancing this gorgeous girl not only into me but philosophy and then taking her as my bride.

How can I do stuff like that when She's not even there to reciprocate. How can those thoughts even enter my mind? And I know it's not just me because I see it all the time, but what am I to do when I'm in a society that's like this? Boogie, I see that you're trying to quit smoking.

We could always do that together.

Maybe I'm a bad influence on you. If you were to be mine, then I would worship you. I would learn your every need.

Everything that I said in all of these productions still applies.

You would be my religion. I don't even know about your family. I'm kind of afraid to ask because you've been so short with me. You are a beautiful girl, a 10 out of a 10, and you have an amazing personality.

Now you have the rest of your life to develop both your mind and your soul.

We could always do it together if you wanted.

I know that you're young and still have much to experience. But we can do that together.

And I know you're still at the age where you go through a lot of relationships.

And I would do my best to be your last. And I hope that wouldn't be a problem considering your age. Yes, most people don't get married until their late 20s or early 30s and party that single life away and go from short term relationship to short term relationship to short term relationship. And that is something very different than I am asking from you because I want to be your one for the rest of your life. And I'll do everything that's within me to please you in every way that's possible.

every way that's possible for me to be what you need my heart is all in this you must be very careful with me I have been through a lot I don't know why this is any different replacing boogie with ivory or should I say ivory with boogie or maybe I made the mistake intentionally, or maybe it was destined to be like that, or maybe I'm just crazy, and she's still talking to me, but I guess she's giving her a laptop.

Maybe I should just be honest.

Boogie, I'm kind of a messed up guy. I've gone through a lot over the past eight years, and I need to be handled with TLC.

And I do weird things like this because I'm quite lonely and I haven't had a girlfriend in six and a half years. I've only had one girlfriend, one serious girlfriend, and I married her and I've just been traveling around Australia since haven't had any relationships although I've been seeking very actively none of them just turned out right none of them even existed really um just crushes just other people like you really who I like who don't like me and also with every time this happens you get I still go through the emotions I don't even know you and I'm still going through these emotions so how am I supposed to feel and and you know even though this is gonna turn out I mean hopefully at least you'll just be my friend at least yeah yeah you're not gonna watch this awesome if you did you liked it okay I'm trying my best here in this life and I've got a lot of really interesting gifts and and you seem like a very cool person and I would like to learn more about you one of my friends told me that he wasn't sure if my music the improvisation that I do was really bad or really good perfect God's plan it Probably not Yeah, that's fine. Thank you very much. Awesome Appreciate it. Thank you boogie for giving me permission

It will allow me to try and do this right dear ivory You are young and want to experience the world

Can I be your tour guide? I am wrong with a lot that I say in my work and that is why I need you to help me identify those errors and in order to do that you got to be a philosopher you told me yourself that you have a strong mind what could you do with that mind if it was conditioned into philosophy. I would tolerate your bad language, but I would let you know that I don't like it, that it makes me feel uncomfortable. Philosophy girl, that's where it's at. Philosophy,

I can help you every single step of the way. What other fields of study do you get your own personal tutor can you pause it not many people do dear girl but you will maybe I'll fail with you but this is the perfect example of how I am required to court girls considering my work ivory is a template insert girl here but it It would take a philosopher to be smart enough to paint herself as that image. You know, I don't care if you watch my videos because if I'm right there in your existence then you would be obtaining my influence anyway. I make these videos to try and reach your eyes but if you were there it would be a different story but just so you know like all the videos are about you. I'm doing something really cool

in life girl and it would be awesome if you could join me. It would enable both of us to become really awesome individuals and really help out society a lot and not only society each other. I know hardly anything about you, and it is very difficult to make productions like this with only one side of the equation.

If you want to know what philosophy is, dear girl, just watch. It's what I'm doing.

Do you want to know what I find beautiful, Boogie? I know you're going to kill me for this.

Look at your teeth. That is what I find beautiful. I want to see more of your teeth. You should stop being so insecure.

I'm sorry, this has gone through the world. Oh, I like your teeth. Gorgeous. Remember that you gave me permission.

Oh, so pretty. See, like, what's with this? What meaning are you trying to tell me? Are you saying, fuck you?

Or are you saying, go to hell? What meaning are we communicating there? Gorgeous. Do we do it again?

I got the middle finger again, middle finger, middle finger. Are you insecure about your teeth? I love your teeth. I want to see more of your teeth.

Smile lesson 101. So, you know, you like this and then you open your mouth slightly and you kind of tense your cheeks up a little bit And your mouth, you pull these sides of your mouth up and that exposes your teeth and yeah, it's pretty easy. Maybe I'll show you in real life.

Because, dear girl, beauty is found in imperfection.

At least for now, you haven't ruled me out as a potential lover. but here I idealize and I don't even know your needs guess them and then assert them to the camera it's the only way that I know like it's I've been doing it for six years a bit more so I'm trying if you were a real person and I I could learn you in and out, then I would have better crafted material content to give you that was more focused around your own situation. God has a plan, and maybe it is you and me, and maybe it is not, but God is very real. What can I do to show you that?

What can I do to show you that there is a plan not only in my life, but also yours, and whether we're together or not, following that divine will ultimately result the best life possible. Okay, I'm sure that no one but me understands what the crap is going on, what I've done to myself on accident. Oops. Okay, so here's what happened if you haven't been able to follow along very well. But I am going on a road trip tomorrow and I am as per normal

filming beautiful sights while giving my heart to my imaginary lover. And through the events of this show, as an experiment, I replaced Ivory with Boogie. So, like, I don't know how this is going to work because tomorrow, you know, I'm going to the road trip and I'm going to visit her and she's going to hang out with me. And how is this going to work when I'm trying to give my heart to my imaginary lover when, as an experiment, my imaginary I thought it was her, so how is this going to work, and she, like, and, and the thing is, like, she knows a little bit, because, you know, we talked about it, but she doesn't know the extent, and maybe she won't, but I don't really know, like, this is really going to be weird, because, and she kind of, like, she was talking about being in the film, and, like, how am I going to do that, I'm usually really secretive about my films, too, like, I don't know, this is going to be weird, but, um, let's see what our anthem is.

I am a one-woman-for-life type of guy, Boogie. You would never have to worry about me leaving you.

What can I say to you, Boogie? I am a flawed individual, but I would do everything in my power to give you the best life possible.

I give you a computer for your studies right now. But I could give you the life that only shows itself in dreams if you only gave me the opportunity.

This gesture was not trying to hit on you. And I only did it because you asked and because you were studying. and you need all the equipment possible that you can get in order to make your studies as easy as possible for you. Maybe you are not my one, and if that is the case, then I hope I can be a really great friend for you.

I always end up on my knees. Dear Venus, goddess of love, I have been a patient man, and I will continue to be patient for you until you find me, until I find me, until I find the one who you have destined to be with me. Dear Venus, Aphrodite, please give me Boogie.

I would treat her as the goddess she is.

My religion.

I'm neurotic. I hope you like that about me.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



11-Cross-of-Man-Episode-5-Forever-Through-Gods-Grace

Uh-oh. What did I do to myself? Okay, so to start this episode, we're continuing on with last episode. And last episode, I probably stupidly threw an experiment out there where I replaced the concept of ivory with boogie.

And that means that tomorrow, the road trip tomorrow, all of the footage and everything was supposed to be to my imaginary girlfriend.

But the experiment said that she was her. So how can I do this? I don't know. Okay, we're just going to have to see how it turns out.

I'll try my best. It kind of sucks, though, because I kind of wanted to, you know, at least at first be friends with her and not you know try to come on to her but I guess the production I guess my life I guess you know the things in which happen in my life have directed otherwise so I guess at least for the trip I can't do that because the experiment is that it's her so let's have fun with this and and let's see what we can do with combining these two elements into one. Oh, how am I going to do that? So she's already mentioned that she wants to get on camera or she would get on camera.

So how on earth would I, if she's the one that's ivory, you know, then how would I portray that tomorrow? I don't even know this girl. This is so weird. It would be really awesome if I found a lover who also enjoyed making films like this.

and i'm usually very private and secretive with my films until i release them uh but the ultimate goal would be to share that secret with a lover and to have this camera be passed between two hands and those two hands both know what materials on that camera and where to guide or how or can um guide that material so like this is really what i'm ultimately after if we can do that then i'll be happy i'll be a really happy person for the rest of my life will you play my game with me chloe if you do i will spend the rest of my life romancing you the fictional ivory can become the flesh and blood Chloe if you will it for now just an experiment but it doesn't have to be our productions could become more collaborative as we expand our friend network those few who accept us for who we are when Jenna left me when I was 24 you were 12 but before we start our journey let's first make sure we are aligned with God's plan we can make s'mores so we can cook marshmallows before we start the adventure the truth you would never be ivory ivory is merely a story even a concept or a device that it took for me to come across your path so I can't really do that with people Ultimately, I just use the method to portray the meanings most relevant to my heart.

So, you're a different person, and you're the one that was meant for me, and it took that concept of ivory in order for me to get to you. and if we don't work out which then I will I want to be your friend that's the perspective I'm going to take it because that's how I want to meet my girl I want to be her friend and if she's cool and if she's receptive and if we click then that's awesome um and we will take it as it comes but hey i just want to meet this cool girl i just want to hang out with her get to know her and see what she's about and what she thinks about life and and where she's headed like it's not every day you get to meet um a really cool chick who's gorgeous so like you know it'll be cool and I think that's what the adventure should focus on because if I have to if I have to say that I'm bringing my ivory a production and that's why I'm filming it if that's my excuse to do it then let me just show beautiful footage while having fun with it with boogie okay we can boogie to it and i don't know like um we'll see what happens and i guess you'll see what happens in this episode so let's get prepared nathan thinks that i should assume my world to be a certain way in order to obtain it so like i would assume that Boogie would do philosophy because philosophy is awesome.

Yeah, so I don't really know how that sits with me. Maybe I should just go there, examine the person, and get to know her. That's probably the best bet.

In the last episode, I kind of laid out my heart to you, but it doesn't really exactly work like that just have to want to and can't wait to get to know you and just the bead fell out I have to get another one tomorrow probably at Nimbin ours today now I know I shouldn't go here but where else am I going to go at 2 45 in the morning you just got to flip it aren't these things really weird like you just kind of order and then they just give you your food and you can like pay like hard to watch the movie Idiocracy it has that kind of stuff in it. It's funny. Leaving to see you soon. Kind of scared because I'm shy and also excited at the same time. You live in the northern rivers. Are you a vegetarian? You should be. Father and brothers? I'm scared. Let's see if we can

avoid the subject of age. I'm just there to drop off your computer and the movie Tank Girl and show you a little bit about it and everything after that is up to you. Not today. Daddy might not be impressed. My experiment majorly backfired. It is okay because I have resolved it now,

but Nathan makes a good point when he says that I should stop focusing on a fictional girl and actually focus on a real one, and I would definitely like to do that. I'm just not sure how. My entire existence could revolve entirely, entirely twice, around you. But would you want that? If you are her, please do not mistake me as your servant, for I am your disciple.

Here is the task. If you were Ivory, how would I treat you? How should I treat you? And I think that is respect and friendship.

What is a good man? I need to figure out what a good man would do, and do that so I can shine to Boogie as the individual in which I am. For now, let's not worry about talk of being with me or not being with me. How about we just enjoy each other's company while we have it.

I only want the best for you. And if the best for you is not me, then I hope to be a good friend and help you get to where you want to be in life. But you got to admit, we would be very cute together on camera. We can be cute together today.

And every little bit of footage you let me take of you, I get to keep forever. Now to 100. Niagara Swamp. This is where we may or may not pick mushrooms.

Is this still recording? Yes.

This side of the road's pretty dead. I swear the farmer in here I think he uses some sort of pesticide this dude up on the hill over there I think he uses a fungicide and that whole paddock is like destroyed man There's not like one little mushroom If you go over here We know you have that on camera And you go down there somewhere

So that you can see anything I've zoomed in too far Yeah. You gotta be careful. Why don't everybody slow down? Exit.

On the left. Shit, yeah. This is the Byron Bay exit. We're just coming in to turn into Byron Bay now.

In a little bit. Wait. You got it? Nah.

We're going too fast. $700 car. Beautiful trees of Byron. Trees of Byron.

It's a hospital. No vacancy, they're all fucking nuts. There's the police station. Oh yeah, I got lots of film about that too.

Those kind of... Coopers. Okay, so left here? Yeah.

And then right at the next roundabout. So this will be the main area of Byron. So this is like the main area of Byron. Or we will be, it's shopped a little bit.

Actually, do you want to take a left and go past the beach just quickly? Okay.

So this is the main street of Byron, everybody. of course, Byron Bay I gave my heart to my girl through the, like, I had beautiful footage I got up really early in Byron Bay, surf shops and shit I filmed, I filmed the tower There's the beach It's pretty beach That, and there's that over there Sunrise and shit You can zoom straight into that, um You know you're all going up, oh, yeah, I was gonna say You know you're going the wrong way, up a one way fucking driveway don't do the same thing but you can still film. I used to always zoom in on that tower over there. I used to get like the lighthouse. Yeah the lighthouse, sorry. I did like hidden productions

around that lighthouse. I've never been there. I usually go to the place that's not a extra tower in Canberra. Oh yeah. Left. It's one way. More policemen. Yeah. There were stuff since out.

it's all parkland and all pretties right here bro we can do that on the way back if you want lighthouse go up to the lighthouse yeah yeah my girl a lot of productions around maybe yeah and the next left really nice mexican place around here but there's got got got me's places thing yeah that very floss is just in there yeah go me's only opened up last year bro yeah i know they're really good too i don't like it they gave away free burritos on their opening day and i was like these aren't that great i still have a car that i can collect points to get a free one dude they built a new toilet block okay it's got the electronic doors and this has all just gone down in the last few months what's crazy that's gonna all get redeveloped soon too the woolworths there's my friend jason's pizza shop yeah jason can't there's cheeky monkeys that's where you want to go if you want to dance on tables for boys get drunk and dance on the table That's what the backpackers love coming over here and acting like little slurries Okay, so just follow what this thing's telling me. Yeah, well that was Byron Bay. It's the buttery sign there So the buttery starts at like where this corner is That house there is the MTAR the one behind us That's like the main administration where they all eat and shit And then there's not that house but the three behind it those yellow ones. They're all the rehabs property I have filmed here for you before let me show you it is a little bit of a walk they are all over everywhere I rescued one previously that was suffering from heat exhaustion this is the middle of the track so look at that tree trunk let's see how okay so this is the place to hang out takes like 10 to 15 minutes to get here and this is where you live boogie here is the culprit comparison size like that's kind of taller than me and then we walk this way for approximately the same distance and it brings us back to where we were before but this way it's a bit more bush how can i capture beauty check out this one it's huge absolutely huge okay so i'm standing up and look at that nature's so awesome that's where we went this is where we came out let's see it

way back just a tiny bit longer and uh a bit more bushy bang eventually our productions will write themselves it is much easier to show boogie beauty when she's not here with me it is my specialty to record it to capture it in time and to release it to everyone for free Maybe I am wrong because she would see me. This experiment is working perfectly. All the parts except for me. Perfect demonstration about what I'm talking about.

at least this is done this is the reason I got a lip ring I don't like the bars so now just hanging out standing here here's my car kind of in an alleyway just waiting I love holidays I don't think Nathan and Christina have enough money to one buy a tent and to stay at a camping ground so I don't know maybe we'll just go home doesn't mean that we can't see beauty together and maybe Chloe you aren't right beside me but now you can be how can I show Chloe true beauty a gesture with no strings attached in order to show beauty to another you have to be beautiful God knows beauty maybe the trip did not enable me to get to know Chloe but it did teach me what it means to give with an open heart. I will not do as Nathan says. I will not idealize someone as Ivory until I actually find her. It is too much tension on the heart. I can spend my life searching

for beauty within nature capture it in time and leave it for you but the truth is i don't have to go anywhere because that same beauty resonates from me cross of man it matters not where you are, Wendell, for you will do the same thing anywhere. Continue with the device. Don't worry about real life girls. You're on a different path. But don't overlook

what is right in front of you, for you still have a chance at obtaining everything that you have laid out and if you do open source university has a chance what is better long-term Wendell a girl for you or quality free education for the entire world you know exactly what you got to do your path is straight as an arrow this is beautiful it's a sacred bird but so is this click Chloe I know you probably won't watch this but the experiment although kind of failed was also a success because I'm showing you specifically beauty is this beautiful dear girl maybe alone but capable of changing the world how many people in the world are capable of changing the world I was worried about all of this for no reason just remember Wendell that your productions always turn out exactly how they were supposed to. How much beauty is in your own backyard, dear Chloe? Upon reflection, I have realized that I have not failed this task at all. I have done exactly what I said I would do. It just never turns out how you expect. My motivation for coming was to see you, was

to meet you, get to know you, hang out with you. And I guess I did get to see you, although it was only for a very brief period. So I guess I have accomplished my task. And I got my lip ring $5 wish you were here all you need Wendell is close friends who who care about you.

It's awesome. I love it. What lessons have I learned? Bang.

The experiment is over. It has played its course. I learned that Ivory is my one and only. You made a mistake in your work, Wendell.

Remember when you said that you don't chase girls and they have to chase you?

Fail.

Want to cut it, want to cut it, want to cut it, want to cut it, fail. Can't do it, can't do it, can't do it, can't do it, can't do it. Try and try and try, but it never happens. Like, nothing ever occurs.

Like, it's the same thing over and over and over again. that's like I can't do it and do it like I can understand that but I can't make it to that like what's wrong with me what is wrong with girls for not wanting me is it me seriously let's check the occupational health and safety guidelines okay you see it's really hard to keep in frame because it's moving so fast you can see that like i can get see what i can get let's see how because it's cc how fast it's here and to keep that in frame from this distance and look this is the distance see it's gone it's there it's there see it's a skill it's a camera skill it's gone you can do this with airplanes you can get all the like details of the airplane um i did that in camera you see See how clear? Considering the distance, let's see we lost it, it's fast, fast one. See you do this, you'll train your eye and all you got to do is get the right shot which that means it needs to be clear and you have to have it in the middle and see you're getting all these frames per second so as long as it's clear and in the middle then it's a good shot and that's why I go bang a lot because you can see you can use that as your surroundings, doesn't matter so much but see after you stop the shot and go bang like see bang like in the middle it's not always right like bang bang bang bang is this safe okay I'm getting called this camera cost me a hundred and forty nine dollars is that I am not romantically compatible with anybody out there but I still have those feelings and I don't know what to do with them so I make up a girl in my head and then express those feelings to the camera. I never know if people catch on to what has occurred during the films and I guess I

have to recap a little bit of it because sometimes I'm very vague but basically no one stuck to the plans so I was driving over there for an event that Nathan had to go to so I was doing him a a favor and also I was dropping off the laptop for Chloe but we were all going to hang out we were all going to go to Nimbin and we were all going to hang out and something very different happened so I got there in the morning and and then around 9 30 I went to where Chloe told me to pick up her friends so I picked up her and two of her friends and then dropped them off at their house and then you know then Chloe gave me a hug and then like from there and then bye so like I had less than five minutes of Chloe's time so it was everybody because Nathan we were gonna stay the night you know I'm back I'm back at my house and the day hasn't even passed we were gonna stay the night and they bailed out on that we were gonna go to Nimbin and they bailed out on that like no one actually did and I became the valet service so I was reduced to the valet service and also the delivery boy and it just felt really really bad people take advantage of me all the time and I can't keep letting that happen I share my cigarettes so people then don't buy cigarettes and just and then you know they end up smoking more than me if I'm hanging out with them all the time or the same amount as me and I can't afford that um you know 50 grams lasting two days that's not good at all um and you know they say they're going to throw in for petrol but they didn't and then they said they would throw in for tolls but they didn't it's all at my expense um everything within human relationships um with me is at my expense. At certain points in my work I say that all you need in this life is friends and I am conflicted over this because when those friends only take advantage of you only notice your shortcomings and then preying on those shortcomings whether they're nice to you or not exploiting other people that's that's not going to keep people around and if everybody does this then maybe it's my personality and if I think my personality is good like it is then then I'm stuck and it looks like maybe I'm going to have to build a life of solitude how am I going to do that because I can't afford to rent unless I share, unless I have a small one-bedroom apartment, but if I do that, then I won't be able to sing or anything like that because it'll be too loud, so I'm in a Catch-22, always in a Catch-22.

Later on, while I was still in Lismore, Chloe then went to Nimbin and went around searching for waterfalls. She told me that even though I was in Lismore and she didn't invite me, even though that was what we planned on doing together. What good has Facebook ever done you Wendell? You lost a lot of family that way and no one's really receptive to this and the only people that kind of be my friends are people that end up scabbing off me. You have exhausted your possibilities

He's Wendell. It is time to accept short-term defeat in order to save, salvage your psychology.

Forgot what it feels like.

Your salvation was the girl.

The girl is not real. This is the last episode of this TV show, and is the shortest TV show I have ever done.

It ends at the end of this reel.

What lessons can I learn from all of this?

Facebook has been deleted. the demon comes out to play window just because this show is shorter than all of your other ones does not mean it is any less significant or that you have learned any less in actual fact you have learned great amounts from this tv show and you need to keep those thoughts those understandings, those articulations, everything in mind for the coming future. As far as your girl, your fictional girl that I demanded you to chase, don't worry, she's not real, it doesn't matter. And I know that in order to produce what you do, you have to act like she is real and you have to even convince yourself that she is real.

So, but that's not the point, Wendell, because the point here is you're trying to encourage youth to do philosophy as their career, and that's your purpose. And who cares about any romantic relationships? I know you're going to be lonely, but you're a sacrifice anyway, and that's what you strive for. You did philosophy, for goodness sakes, maybe through my influence, but you still did it.

And you shouldn't forget that. you shouldn't lose sight of the overall objective and even though people will try to push on you that no, we got to find you a girl, we got to find that girl for you, you know, whether there are people that care about you and actually are looking for that girl for you that you propose or whether they are people that don't understand you and are trying to make you search for something else that that you're not looking for both both paths will actually lead you to suffering and that's not what you want and and yes there is a small possibility that that what you say might happen but if that's the case then they'll be the ones to chase you like like you have been saying so don't don't worry about girls and Yeah, I know you're really lonely. I know it's hard on you, but you just got one life to live it. And if you just spend it all invested into exactly what you're doing and just continue, then it doesn't matter.

Your death, you would have achieved great amounts. And it doesn't matter that you wouldn't have achieved that for yourself. What matters is that you would have achieved it for everybody else, everybody that your heart cares about, everybody, that you break down over everybody, that you can't, that is disadvantaged in the society, everybody that doesn't know how to live the life in which the government attempts to direct. So, you know, keep doing what you're doing, it's good. You know, yeah, I know you go

cycles you become manic and and do a TV show or do a movie or whatever and then like after you exhaust those thoughts that were conveyed in it then you then you get really depressed and do nothing I mean I guess you study but you do nothing as far as outside of the world and you lose contact with you know friends and and you get in your own little world and you're depressed as everything because like you think that everything you've done means nothing ultimately but that is definitely not the case because uh even though you're trickling this into society um it'll take time and if you end up dying before anything happens with it then that doesn't matter either because as long as you um as long as you as long as you keep on pushing to to bring out more material more meaning more interpretation more conveyance more artwork then then you're going to leave a lot behind and and I know that when you spoke with God and and God told you that you can't release your old material until you find your girl I know that was really hard for you and and probably that means that your material even though it's amazing won't be released but the thing is you kind of need that motivation too because because you won't be able to give your heart to your girl if if you don't have that motivation so maybe even though it's not going to work out right you got to try for it because because otherwise it wouldn't give you the passion and dedication to to continue searching for and you use your searching method as a way of reaching all types of people. And one day it will work, Wendell. Don't worry about your life. Don't worry about you're doing what's right.

You're only one part of the bigger equation. There's so many other factors that are involved in this that you will never understand. And you just got to work out. You just got to do what you've been commanded to do.

and eventually everything else will fall into place and whether you're alive when that happens is irrelevant so you gotta stop thinking of yourself stop being so selfish yeah be selfish with your passion with what you give to the camera because that's what you want but you're not gonna get that and you gotta let the that go and you can't attach this to real girls um because that you've seen how that works I mean she's not the only girl that you've included it in your productions. You know exactly how that works. You know how people are going to respond to you. Just take it easy, Wendell. Give your heart to your fake girl and teach

a lot of people really good philosophy. Do not invest in friendships which take advantage of your generosity. You probably won't have many friends and that's okay and the thing is with friendships they're like a drug and when you're on them they feel like they're supporting you and then when you walk away you realize the extent of their support so don't worry about it you're not in this world to make friends Wendell um kind of just the opposite so you need to preserve your own self your own well-being over that of striving to obtain meaningful relationships yes I know sometimes they can be really good people but if they're still taking advantage of you and in the long run you are not benefiting you're going more and more in the red you are hurting more and more even though you do have those connections ultimately it is not good for you do not replace ivory with a real life girl you fool ivory is perfect as she is the task of the girl the philosopher girl is to paint herself to you as Ivory. Ivory does truly exist in this real world. There is some information for you and never said you

would find her. But the thing is it doesn't matter. You were right about her all along and even some of your older work was more accurate about her than your newer work.

Whether or not she was alive still has haunted your mind for many years. So now you can rest easy because yes she is alive but the thing is is that she is destined to end her own life without your intervention. And your intervention can be either a direct connection or the people you reach within your work and then them working with her. And maybe you won't end up getting her at the end, but the thing is, if you could only save her, then your life is complete.

Now study hard, dear Wendell. Finish your degree. Prove to the entire world that this is philosophy. and do it all with love.


༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
https://republicka.life
https://kkk.education
CC0 PUBLICKÁ DOMÁNIA
ALL LOVE RESERVED
AMORIARIACKA IS MY NATIVE TONGUE
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻