༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
🥰 My Dating Profile 🥰
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻

August 7, 2015


This raw and philosophical monologue presents Wendell Charles NeSmith's deeply personal "Dating Profile" series—a documentary-style quest for his soulmate, "Ivory." Wendell films his life, pouring his heart into the camera while wrestling with profound loneliness and a five-year search for a partner who shares his passion for philosophy and collaborative filmmaking. He yearns for a "philosopher chick" to join him in creating meaningful, mythologically-inspired content for the world, framing his vulnerability as both an artistic expression and a radical approach to online dating.

Wendell's narrative intertwines existential despair with intellectual fervor, drawing heavily on Greek philosophy (Plato, Socrates), mythology (Pygmalion, Hestia), and modern thinkers (Nietzsche, Arendt). He reveals struggles with mental health, societal alienation, and a sense of divine mission—often referencing a "demon" entity influencing him—while questioning social norms around age, censorship, and capitalism. His work serves as both a plea to Ivory and a manifesto for open-source education, urging viewers to document their lives critically and reject superficial media.

Throughout the fragmented episodes, Wendell balances narcissistic reflection with altruistic ambition: he seeks personal love while vowing to heal societal wounds through philosophical documentaries. The transcript captures his oscillation between hope and nihilism, his meticulous self-presentation for the camera, and his unwavering, if unconventional, dedication to finding a partner who embodies wisdom ("Sophia") and shared purpose, even as he grapples with the possibility of lifelong solitude.


------


12-My-Dating-Profile-Episode-01-My-Philosophy

After I filmed Cross of Man, I felt suicidal. I wanted to end my own life. And upon reflection, after watching the productions again and again, I was inspired to do the future of online dating. and now that I have reviewed everything, I can see that what I'm doing is awesome.

I'm not going to stop. If I stay alone, then my productions merely stand as what girls can't get.

I understand how hard this life is for you.

We did not choose the environment in which we were reared. And some wounds, hurt, bleed over long periods of time. And it takes a lot to heal them. So if you will just take your problems and begin to examine them and decide whether how you're looking at it.

your problems could be altered in order to produce better results so however you were in framed if we just reevaluate why we feel those ways about those situations about those about those events then we would learn that we can become better people merely by being fortunate enough to been exposed to that torment in which at one stage was really hard for us but then we grow we grow up you can suppress your feelings my dear but if you do that they will always come back to haunt you so I recommend that you deal with them now so you don't have to later to become both really smart and really beautiful all you need in this This life is a camera and something to produce it and the internet to release it. These are the new warriors of our society and they will put to shame all of the other stars because these are the new stars. How long can I keep your attention? Just gotta get me some fangirls.

it's solved because you see girl philosophy teaches how we can obtain everything in this world in which our heart desires but be warned dear girl because it may and now it will it will force you to reevaluate what your heart should desire and if you went against that then you would be doing that knowingly what heartstrings can I pull how can I help people how can I be a good teacher how can the material the content in which is provided be a a benefit to the viewer. What is it that I'm doing? What is it that you're doing? What is the end goal of the project? And we must also evaluate the means, which at the moment

is me standing here in front of me, standing in bed, giving content to you because some and synaptic reactions in my brain told me that it would probably be a good idea so let's look at both the micro and macro perspective man I've just lost my train of thought crap that was confusing but it all made sense see I can just keep giving you content more content and more content I'm not going to play around with the focus, it takes too long. But if you examine the psychology in which it takes to be able to just endlessly bring you quality content, then you'll have to consider what type of life it took to create that. I am a machine. How can I make my talents profitable. I still haven't worked that one out. What type of machine am I? This is the

difficulty because society's like, where should I place this weird guy? And I'm like, I don't know. I'm just, you know, doing what I'm doing. Society's like, what are you doing, mate? I'll

tell you what I'm doing. Out with the old, and in with the new. How rare are people like me in society? I'm going down in history not because anyone enabled me to do it, but merely for how I'm psychologically wired to give you this content. I do it during

my day-to-day activities. That stuff's crap by the way, but we always need to know the date. We just missed it. Everything within our environment can be used as a prop and we even build up because it takes us a while to get good. Wendell

Charles NeSmith is the name and dating is the game. Let's see if I can win it. okay so the focus is on manual and to come back and if you see I turn it around and you can't even see me I don't know what's doing that but I gotta go auto and you see it comes back so it was too dark but otherwise this is what you get yeah so there's a few things that like especially if you're gonna be just filming a lot from far away, then you might want to just play around with the focus. It does take some of the screens, but there are some cameras that have, you'll probably get one that's touch screen, but there are some with manual, but I guess what I need to talk about a little bit is my family, and I don't know, I guess that's what you do in dating profiles, talk a little bit about that.

Puff on my cigarette so it won't go out. I'm sorry. Like, I'm happy quitting smoking. Like, I don't like smoking. And I know it's really bad for me. But I do it because I don't have you, maybe? I don't know. Please help me quit.

but back to my family um grew up or born in crown point indiana and then i moved out of there young um to maybe south carolina moved in around a few places in south carolina um and then georgia moved around a few places in Georgia and then when I turned was it 13 14 then I could choose what parent I lived with and at that stage my father was in Australia so then I moved to Australia and then like a year and a bit later I I moved out and then moved in with my girlfriend, and then like a year after that, then my father moved back, and then I married that girl, and then I was with her for nine years. we were married for seven, and then she left me, and that was 24, and I've just been traveling a little bit of America and a lot of Australia for the last six and a half years. I have one older brother, but he's not talking to me. I'm not sure why. My mother also doesn't

talk to me. My dad talks to me but he's kind of short. I have a lot of adopted brothers and sisters. I guess I did fail that marriage but she left me and not I her. How would you do it? Would you hang yourself? Would you throw yourself in

front of a car? Would you cut your wrist, bleed out in a bathtub? Would you hook your exhaust system into the interior of your car? What methods are available which could end one's life. I don't want it to hurt. A shotgun to the head. You need a shotgun, even a gun.

I guess with licensing, one could obtain a gun and then shoot themselves in the head.

It would be a procedure and certification would likely be required. Why are we even speaking of such such sub can make a beat out of that such topics this these these topics of cutting cutting not wanting to exist yes maybe feeling lonely but more feeling misunderstood judged taking advantage of personality traits in which make an individual kind and caring are stomped on and disrespected. It's a hard thing to exist in this world, but I tell you this, it's also a hard thing to not exist in this world and even though I've never tried these thoughts all throughout my journeys have haunted my mind. We all have to face our inner demons sometime and the only choice in which we have about it is whether it is on our terms or theirs. What am I? Am I American? Is that an appropriate

definition for me? Americans say I sound like I'm Australian. Where do I belong when no No one accepts me, embraces me as their own. Both American and Australian, but ironically neither of them.

Do you want to know how I got my accent? By doing exactly what I'm doing and then articulating what I think sounds coolest. Preserving culture, well, we might not all say that, but people might say that preserving culture is actually really important. So being together with people like us is actually...

Returning to the elders' accusations, any practitioner would be upset if they had clearly not met the first principle of community development practice, which is to do no harm. So what is one to do who doesn't ascribe to that protocol but wants to invest their life in community development? In order to make change, you have to upset the balance, and sometimes harm must be accomplished before we can achieve success. between 50 to 52 minutes an episode my roommate tells me that other people have to value my videos for them to be valued by society and I don't agree because the only person that has to value my videos is me I really want to learn how to use Facebook to benefit me and not harm me so in order to do this you first have to raise a topic and then you have to continue that topic until you exhaust many different aspects of perceiving that topic and the method to do this is to continue conversation with yourself over a long period of time and that can be done through making short clips so you know quick thoughts between three to 20 seconds and and also sometimes sitting down and opening up to the camera and just having a conversation about the topic you can fade out like you know bang you know you got your whole body to you know use as you know like a you know turn it off you know boom you know got that yeah yeah I got that it's pretty hard to do those ones but um but you know you can also you know like if I'm talking about power I can zoom on the power then bang close the camera or can you know have something on my screen and you know kind of zoom into it as so like the way to begin a scene and the way to end the scene I might want to you know start the scene with this guy and then slowly zoom out and then talk about what I was talking about it really depends on the scene because it needs to be meaningful with the conversations in which you carry out you shouldn't try to hide things about yourself like maybe to a certain extent I make smoking look cool but smoking is not cool it's a terrible terrible habit it's a terrible terrible addiction but the thing is I'm still a person and I'm still flawed and and if I was with someone if I you know met someone through this I would want them to see my flaws and maybe they could help me work on them so just because we have flaws doesn't mean that we can't demonstrate those flaws to to our potential romantic other using this format of online dating if you don't want to be with me because I'm a smoker and you don't have the patience to help me stop then you don't deserve me I had to twist the I had to twist the thing because I was looking at myself and now I can't even see myself but yeah here's another way to exit the scene which I do a lot foundations by doing this over a period of time you'll begin to develop your own style and you should use that style to show your potential other romantic partner a little bit about your personality your goal is to show who you are and that's really the only way this can work because if we don't show who we are, if we hide who we really are inside and just show everybody what they want to see, then that won't encourage healthy relationships to form.

What is a healthy romantic relationship? All throughout my travels, I have seen countless dysfunctional ones. I don't like to see people fight. I don't like to see people get angry at each other I like everybody to get along and I think it really sucks when people don't and I don't want to be in a relationship like that I want to worship my girl and I want her to love me worshiping her and I don't want to fight and I know there's a difference between disagreements and fights but if we can just keep everything calm and and learn from our own mistakes if we don't go in there thinking that we know everything and we know what's best if we just take these experiences as learning experiences then we'll ultimately develop better as people as individuals will become more refined last night I hung out with some people and there was a couple and they got into a really bad argument and the girl went to the corner and cried and I can't stand to see a girl crying or even a guy I can't stand to see anybody crying and I tried to talk to her because that's what you do and then I got accused of trying to hit on her when I was just trying to talk to her about her feelings because if someone's in the or crying, then, you know, we should be helping them. Can't win in this world. People are too

stupid. I'm going to be honest. I know you probably won't like this, but I don't really like sleeping in a bed. I like sleeping in a tent, and what I've done before is just not have a bed, just put a tent right there, and then just sleep in the tent, and I don't know. I'm used to a tent.

I lived in a tent for like five years before so that's kind of how I'm psychologically directed but I think everything would change if I found the right girl but it'd be awesome if I found a girl who was kind of into that sort of thing and as you have already probably noticed I kind of use the floor as my seat. Most of the time, I rarely use chairs. I just hang out on the floor. And what's wrong with that? Why shouldn't I be able to do that? I just got to keep the

floors clean. And this is my haven. You know, like, I'll be clean for the most part. You You know, I have the things that I use regularly around me and I just hang out on the floor.

Things might change, I don't know, like I'm just doing what I do alone and if I wasn't alone then maybe I would do something else, I don't know. I get distracted extremely easy. My roommate John says that I'm not ADD but basically I end up doing a lot of things at the same time and I can't focus on one single thing at the same time and as you can see like for this photo shown before this is a text to speech program and I just click resume and it's reading out one of my readings and i just kind of like have that on the background and listen to it and kind of you know that way i and i watch it too not all the time but but it keeps me in line um my kindle yeah there's my kindle it does the same thing it has a text to speech option as well um but there isn't it doesn't have like a placeholder so i have to kind of read that um along with it but sometimes they don't sometimes i'll just listen to it and as long as i can understand it clearly um you know most times i can just absorb that information while doing other things at the same time and what i did a lot when i lived in the wilderness was uh put uh well actually this program this program you can make it into an mp3 so i can get all the text make it into an mp3 and then from there put it on my iPod or something don't have an iPod anymore but I did at that stage and then just go out look for food while I'm listening to my lectures so I'm very like multitask driven I need to do a lot of things at the same time like right now I'm listening to this and talking to you and playing what I'm gonna be doing on the weekend yes you know there's a lot of things that they go into into being able to you know function in the society in which I was placed and that's another thing like reading because reading I can only focus on that so reading really really sucks for me because I can only focus on that alone and and I get distracted and to be honest I can usually only read two or three pages not small pages but like you know two or three good-sized pages without stopping and then doing something else and then coming back to it and that's why it's so much better when I have a lot electronic versions because I can just convert those electronic versions into text and and that really helps me to learn I would not have been able to do university if it wasn't for converting text into speech really are converting the text on the page into text on a computer digitally and then into speech and that enabled me to then multitask like my psychology functions. I try my best. It's not always perfect.

I guess I should always remember to include my references.

It's really fun when you have a story going on your film, and then you go out into the real world, and everybody else doesn't know that story, so you can kind of twist what's in front of you to be framed in another way, and the people around you don't understand what's going on, and that's really cool, really fun to do. And, you know, if you do this, I hope you enjoy that because, you know, it's what you make it and having like a secret behind while you're there. And then those people, they might end up being exposed to your work later and they're like, what the crap, you know, I was there and that wasn't what happened. It's because we can twist things to make them however we want.

And the thing is, the camera doesn't lie, so it is then documented, that event is documented into history as have happened like that because there have been no other documented accounts. Those who write history are the winners.

God wins. I've never lied in my films but I've always had a certain degree in which I could frame the situations and it seems not to click with people that I am a documentary filmmaker and they don't realize the content of my films nor do they have the mental capacity to sit down and watch them. And eventually people within my world always get caught up in my stories. For example, Boogie, thank you very much for being an extra in my film and demonstrating exactly what I was talking about.

Bam. I don't really sleep right. I usually go to bed in the early hours of the morning and often it takes me a long time to get to sleep and I usually don't wake up till the afternoon or close to the afternoon but I guess that doesn't really have to be a problem as long as you like to spoon because I can just lay there and just appreciate, you know, the situation that I'm involved in and holding my girl. I don't have a girl.

But if I did, holding her and watching her sleep, that sounds really good to me. I love watching sleeping angels.

Does that sound creepy? how much of this video is creepy oh a lot of it they're calling all people with hearts who care who love who feel who are real who want to change the world with me let's do open source university sometimes I get really depressed about doing this because I've been doing it for around five years and it hasn't led to any romantic relationships it hasn't led me to any relationships I've been alone for five years and I miss I miss obsessing over a girl because all I can do when I'm alone is obsess over me and there's a lot to obsess over me with so like I end up very narcissistic because instead of focusing on a girl I'm focusing on me and I don't want to I want to focus on you my life so messed up but at least it being this messed up enabled me to bring this to you and to implement something in society that was not there previously so I'm just gonna to have fun. And I don't care if people don't like it. Most people tend to unless they figure out kind of the topics that I'm discussing. But hopefully my method will make it easier

for people to understand the topics in which I am approaching. From my heart in Australia, and out to the entire internet-enabled world.

Where are you, darling?

God gave me these looks, my youth, to find you. one becomes an internet warrior by posting their life on the internet my bags are packed and I'm ready to find you all the things in which I care about most in life is in my films I don't have a sense of possession for anything accepts what is indestructible what's on the cloud she is coming in the clouds and every eye shall see even those who pierced her don't worry about pleasing others within your work people will love you for being you your objective is to entertain yourself because you'll be watching your work again and again and And again, and again, and again, and again, and again. One, I would never date a minor. Two, I am not trying to change a girl, and it really is hard to do this without having that girl to reflect upon.

So I use that ivory image to direct me to someone who would be suitable for my own psychology. So, yeah. Is it so unreasonable for me to want you to do philosophy? Maybe my dating profile can be dedicated to teaching you the areas of philosophy that are available, and maybe one of them can incite your interest.

Philia and Sophia. Love of wisdom. Nathan thought I was saying something else. Ugh, it's on his mind. But no, please don't contact me unless you're overage.

So I have the rest of this TV show, my dating profile, Snap, to explain to you about philosophy. But now I must ask myself the question about what philosophy meant to me. Now that I am at the end of my degree, I must put together all the pieces in which were placed before me.

And I carefully consider the question about what it was that I truly learned. Let us start with epistemology, dear girl.

A priori means before the fact, and a posteriori means after the fact. And if you take notice of the words post and prior, so a priori then gets into a type of reasoning that knowledge in certain cases come innately. where as the other side of the equation would be saying that knowledge is formed through looking at the facts and then so then we get science in this sort of aspect and you also get kind of a rationalism from it We're blending all three aspects, so knowledge comes from both what we know prior to experience and also what we have come to form through our experience, so that's kind of the way. But you also get a skeptical account which says that, like, how can we know anything because the foundations of our knowledge are man-made and if there's nothing outside of man then how can we make judgments upon our world um which may or may not be true and may not be true for for in the future so it may change its truth value may change um so that kind of goes against all the theories of knowledge so you got you got these discussions about what we can call truth and what we can say to be of value and and there is a lot of value judgments within within epistemology because we have to learn about how our thoughts are are directed in order to say what is what is truth is this documentary truth like is me just talking into the camera in my car trying to speak on on truth and what we can call truth and is human knowledge like what about religion like what truth is in religion and and how can we come to know what is true and and what we have what we believe to be true because not everything that we believe to be true is true and the small the small integration where there's the truth and there's knowledge so so epistemology is really concerned about getting to the essence of that knowledge and and where that knowledge comes from and that's where skepticism says that if it comes from us then then how can we because it's only our perceptions because just Just because I know that right now this car is grounded to this earth, there's nothing to say that in five years that that's still going to be the case.

Or even in the next three minutes if a catastrophe happens. All of our assumptions about truth values are taken for granted because there's so many different factors involved. And we as humans can only perceive a certain amount and that's why our science keeps on getting better because we just discover more and we discover more and we discover more. So we're always discovering more.

But the thing is, we still can't perceive everything, and there's no way that we can make a judgment that can always be true. So there's a lot of thoughts around epistemology. I just wanted to introduce that so we can start to understand what this knowledge is. And since we're philosophy students, it's the love of wisdom.

So we need to remember those two words separately and together. on our path in learning philosophy, because even though I'm high, this is how we do it. This is how we do it. Teach philosophy to the world, Wendell.

Okay, so first we have empiricism, which, if you remember, is a posteriori, or maybe I'm not pronouncing it correctly, but I've done most of my studies through books.

A posteriori? I don't know. Okay, so that's after the fact, so then we get, you know, science, which uses the empirical method, which then is advanced into the scientific method, which then, from us viewing and examining things under certain conditions, then we can reach a scientific approach. Um, but the thing is, is this is often forgetting or not understanding or not having access to perceive other, um, elements which exist within our world.

um so but we are we're always learning different ones um but some what's true today scientifically might not be true tomorrow so like where are our beliefs behind science and and also then we have more of an idealistic approach um which kind of projects onto the world and idealism um um uh is more of an innate type of knowledge um one in which uh we know the truth before the fact um so uh the reason the reason I'm taking a drag is because I know that if I don't then it will go out um so that's more of me knowing well that's that's from experience so sorry that's the scientific one i caught myself up um so idealism um would be me and my girl and i make an ideal up in my head and i worship that on camera in order to produce content which could teach people philosophy because I'm a teacher and my dad's a teacher and but but the thing is they don't function like like no normal people and I think my material is a bit controversial so I had to figure out how I could be a teacher in society and I think teaching philosophy would be awesome so there's an idealistic perspective um but but it's more about the innate knowledge knowledge that we knew like when someone comes at us and we we move away we knew that before the fact we had to move so but but there's also rational perspective Oh, also religion, I guess, would also go into idealism because there's the, like, yeah, anything with ideals. But rational perspective then kind of integrates the two and says we can make truth claims using both approaches. and and don't don't forget logic because we have but but the thing is some things we get paradoxes sometimes um so i don't know i don't really know how to uh express this material in any other way right now um because i know it's complex and i'm trying to make it as fun as possible um and maybe i'm a bit stupid too but it makes me smarter doing this because i'm going to be reviewing this footage and then the parts in which I struggled in I'm going to study and then that is going to make me be able to give you more information about those areas and then ultimately like that's how I learn. You're getting how I learn as well so I can teach what I learn over time and then convey it like this and I'm just going to keep doing and this is such a good episode because uh this is my dating profile because this is what I want to do with the rest of my life and if I could get a girl that you know wanted to do stuff like this with me then um oh I'd be such a happy man oh like that's all I'm looking for and and you know maybe sorry I'm a bit dense uh it can be beautiful in many ways look I'm like really in an awkward position here um but yeah i want to continue to learn philosophy and teach philosophy and and how to apply it and how it's relevant to our day-to-day lives and i want to be able to make a good career out of doing what i'm doing and and i think i got a chance and especially if i found the right girl but but i'm not gonna bank on that because the work stands for itself and just you know, if I don't get it, it doesn't matter, because what I have and am continuing to release is really good for society, and I know I'm getting a lot of negativity. I was told to

fuck off tonight by my friends. You know, I don't know which ones are friends, so I don't even know if I'm welcome back there, but it doesn't matter, because see, I'm on a different path, and I'm on a different wavelength than other people, but that's okay, because I'm having fun doing this. I am. Oh, even five minutes. I like five minutes. Utilitarianism. Maximum amount of happiness with the least amount of suffering.

deontology. If it is right for me, then logic tells me that it must also be right and available for every other individual out there. That's what we call the categorical imperative. Then we have my favorite, ancient Greek mythology, which is actually where Ivory came from, and she was Pygmalion's sculpture, and through praying, after he got her perfect, he came back to his place, and she had turned into a human.

She had come to life. Her once sculpted lips turned pale pink and he kissed her and had children. And, like, yeah, that's the story I kind of go on. But I love mythology.

but I also love ancient Greek philosophy and that's my favorite and that's my focus I wonder what your focus will be there's feminism too if you want to get into that but I'm not talking about the feminist trend like there's real feminism like Simone de Bouvier she led the way in feminism and there's so many awesome things that she had to say and Hannah Arendt And, like, these really awesome figures, um, which have given us direction, and you could be one of those, too. Um, so, I don't know, I can only account for my male environment, uh, because I am male, like, uh, sociologically, I can only account for my own biology. But, yeah, there's a lot of things that are ingrained in us from ancient Greek culture And we take it for granted And a lot of different ideals it took to get us to where we are right now And we kind of lost the stories Like, you don't see Socrates in a film Like, why don't we have films about Socrates? Like, the plays are written out why aren't we like changing our media to also educate us and that's what mythology does a lot because it kind of educates you on your human psyche and all of my work revolves around mythology so if you get to know the stories which you do eventually if you watch my work then there's always it's always interwoven within my work so yeah there's a lot of meaning that's to be gotten just by knowing these stories always get too into philosophy and forget the point welcome to my dating profile i am available to receptive and like-minded gorgeous girls that are out there um who are interested in taking philosophy on as their major in university so i know that that's asking a lot but i'm putting my whole heart into this and i've been doing this for like about five years now so i really want this i really like i'm not gonna stop because if i get a philosopher chick that's gorgeous who will do videos with me for the rest of our lives together and i could i could bring the world to her i could be her everything and and we could do that on camera capture it for the world i think that's the best way to live that that would be the best life possible so anybody receptive to that let's talk and not only that if we're not meant for each other then then do this type of dating because this type of dating is really awesome it's gonna cut out any second but yeah I hope you enjoyed the production I hope I performed well for you thank you very much for wasting your time listening to me ramble brought to you by Project Horsey H O R S I I I



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



12-My-Dating-Profile-Episode-02-Perfect-First-Date

To become both really smart and really beautiful, all you need in this life is a camera and something to produce it and the internet to release it. These are the new warriors of... These are the new ingredients for the new warriors of our new postmodern age. Okay, so the focus is on manual.

The exposure. Would you do it? Would you try to find a death cap or hemlock? Would you poison yourself? Maybe try to find poison on the black market, some type of lethal injection, and each method you have the details to worry about.

So if you did get a death cap, then you're looking at four days of suffering with not really any chance of survival.

So how you implement it, like if you want to hang, then you should do it from a drop. And you need to know how to tie the knot correctly, which that takes time to learn. So there's learning preparations to go into any successful suicide. Would you jump off a bridge? Would you jump off a building? How much dedication

does it require in order to mutilate your body to the point where you're not going to be able to live through it? Would you jump in front of a train? 1,2,3,4 I don't know, I'm working 1,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2,3,2 I gotta try. We are Beat all that, beat all that, beat all that.

Can we? So creepy.

Such stuff.

Such an idiot, I'm such an idiot, I'm such an idiot. I'm a work in progress. I'll get good at it eventually.

Look what happened, that means overdub, so let's play with this one. Bass. How many creepy things can I make? A work in progress.

Work in progress, a work in progress. See, I can change it from in here too. I'm sorry, that's it. This isn't any good.

I've been alone for about six and a half years. I said five years in relation to doing this because I've been doing a similar thing to this for about five years now. Um, but I was left on, um, 2009 Easter Monday. Um, or was it 2008?

I have to remember. I'm so stupid. I hate when I do that. Okay. So I've been saying the wrong

amount of time, all this time, I've actually been alone for five and a half years. So not six and a half years. Somehow I added a year there. It was actually 2010 that Jenna left me on Easter Monday. She was Pygmalion's sculpture through praying after he got her perfect.

The allegory in the story is that he first had to work on his own heart and fix that and really create that in order to obtain that reflection. Ivory was his heart and through his toils he eventually found her. Some are Rang, some are Malie, some are Healers, some are Tags. I like to play games with my best friend Simon.

Yesterday someone I knew watched the first few minutes of the future of online dating and then they automatically judged everything I was doing as bad and condescended me and and told me to stop and and said that since there was a general consensus that I shouldn't be doing this then I shouldn't be doing this so I guess that starts a good position for us in philosophy to speak of general consensus is that even right okay so the best place to start here is with Socrates. Socrates, arrested by the state at the ripe old age of 70, charged for impiety and corrupting the youth. And here is what he discussed during his trial. No movies about Socrates. There are about to be many, but I will

carry the stories over long periods of time because I have to perform them well enough to feel secure about releasing them, to feel confident about releasing them. Um, so there will be many. Um, but what I was going to do is just have multiple stories running and You'll get a lot of different cuts of a lot of different stories, but what you should do is just try to follow along with that story, and then it'll cut to another story, but it'll come back to the other story, so you just got to keep different stories logically running through your head, so let's try it. It'll be fun.

As for this storyline and every other one which have greats, which I imitate, I can never do you justice. I can never fill your shoes and I'm probably misinterpreting some of the stuff and sometimes I don't know and I just have to work with what comes to my mind and the building blocks which it lays before me. Uh, so I will get, I guess I will start with now my trial. So I'm Socrates and this is, is the apology. And it wasn't saying that Hayes apologizing. It meant more of a defense.

i should get my smoke if i'm gonna die man i should get my smoke okay so so you're coming to me and you're telling me that i'm accused of impiety and corrupting the youth like what the crap's going on guys like you know i've just been hanging around talking to people you know why is this happening okay so now I stand before a jury of 500 did I get it right no I think it's a thousand I don't know it's a lot okay so you know I'm freaking out like this is a lot of people I guess I'm trained in the art of rhetoric so let's see if I can utilize my skills to do I want to win over a jury is that what I want to do maybe I should think about how I should do this okay I'm 70 years old and and I'm beautiful but I'm ugly too like like I don't know it's just was that even for it I was just playing around okay so so what do I do um let's let's say I know how all this started I know how all this started and maybe I can you know tell you kind of what happened and then maybe you can see what I'm saying because you know I've just been saying it and trying to show it but you know okay so um so it was it was one of my friends who I grew up with he went to the Oracle at Delphi you know and he said to I can't believe he said this but he he said he said he said is there is there any wiser than Socrates is there any wiser than me why would he say it but but but she goes she goes no there is none wiser than Socrates so I'm going what the crap man what the crap because hey like like that really confuses me because I don't know anything I'm stupid I'm just going around asking really stupid questions like seeing you know trying to pick apart people's motives and their their the ways their mind works and why they do the things that they do and like i'm confused i'm like in this really weird world and you know try my best to apprehend it and and and there and and when they do they get in patterns and and i'm fascinated with these patterns they get into um and and it seems that they don't like it really especially when i'm when i try to really question why like because i get to talking to some officials and like and this is kind of everybody the storekeeper guy and and you know the even the shoe uh the the shoe shiner and um you know like it it wasn't in law um there was some religious officials too and and and what i do is i question you know so i i am blessed to have their companionship for that moment so i start to ask about you know they're doing something what are you doing there and they're like well i'm doing this and i go cool man why why are you doing that and i go you know i'm doing that because you know because of this you know well what meaning does that have and that and then they reconstruct well it because I use it to do this and well why are you using it to do that man and so like so they get kind of caught up in their own thoughts and and it just kind of you know questioning um it attracts a lot of attention man and like you know all the all the kids you know going hey this guy's getting um he's confusing him he's not sure like what he understands anymore. So then you get people, like a lot of the kids, they were just kind of imitating, trying to do the same. It was pretty funny. You should have been there. Oh, that's probably, there was someone that was there. That's probably why I'm here

now, for corrupting the youth. But yeah, yeah, so that was what caused all of this to happen. And these accusations about me being impious, like I'm against the gods or I don't believe in the gods, when it doesn't really make a lot of sense because, you know, like all of my questions kind of surround that and discuss, you know, what the gods mean to us. And especially since this was a spiritual journey because it was a spiritual conviction that was given to me from the oracle at Delphi.

So, I had to pursue it and the results of pursuing that left people looking foolish in front of a lot of other people and because of that, now I stand here before the courts, before you, before each and every individual that's out there that has picked up this channel, this video through some of their streams. or however they receive feed news whatever from the world in your room on your mobile phone on your computer you know however you receive this it's really your decision like did I do something wrong like you know this society which supports me I'm so glad to be in it did did I do something wrong I went to the heart of the Oracle's question trying to find out who was wiser than me and in the process I ended up getting in trouble just for kind of accidentally making people look a little foolish. So, you know, what is my punishment for that? What are you going to do? How are you going to judge me?

How many stories are there out there that relate to my own personal life, almost specifically, like crafted, and which convey ideals of wisdom that end up getting smothered out? So you made your judgments. Guilty. You asked me what I can give to make this have a better outcome, but I'm kind of like living wherever my feet take me, and I don't really have very much money at all.

Uh, you know, I guess I could give, you know, everything I got if you want, and also, you know, my friend Play-Doh and a few other guys, you know, they can chip in and they can give you, you know, they can give you millions of dollars. Uh, but, but the thing is, is that like at the end of the day, what is consensus worth? Like by me doing this, um, trying to figure out what it was that people truly knew and how it had meaning in their own lives and how those processes, um, were arranged within their own head. like there's some complicated problems that exist within the human psychology to not realize these when the self-evident has been overlooked and forgotten.

So even though the consensus might say, hey, what you're doing isn't good and we'll beat you up or we'll kill you or whatever at the end of the day.

I think I have some valid points with what I'm saying.

So I guess now you've determined me to be guilty and I leave it up to you. You know, as far as the offerings, um, I have already presented what I could offer you to, for me to continue to exist. And, you know, I'll try not to get in trouble. I'm not trying to get in trouble. Like, let's, you know, just tell me, you know, what you don't want me to do and it will be cool.

Like, if you let me just, like, I'm not trying to hurt anybody, and I'm not, you know, home to society at all. So, I'm just an old guy, you know, trying to, I got a wife and kids, and I'm just trying to, to, you know, live out my, the rest of my years in the favorite city. My favorite city, the city that I spent most of my time in, and I chose to because I loved it so much. And if that city then determines that my own life is at stake, and that it no longer desires me to be around, then I will humbly accept that decision.

We'll put that story on hold for maybe quite some time. We have a mountain load of material to cover, and I guess it'll all come back on itself. And when that happens, then we did a good job. Um, so let's now move on to, I wanted to get into Rez Extensa and Rez Kagi-tans, or I've also heard Kaji-tans, so Kagi-tans is C-O-G-I-T-A-N-S, Kaji-tan, or Kaji, or Kagi-tan, but, you know, you got the inside, the thinking thing, and then you got the outside, So, we've got our inner thinking and then the outer world.

So, that's the extended thing, so the extensa, res extended, it extensa, the extended thing and res cogitans, which is the cognitive processes. I mentioned skepticism before, but the more modern-day skepticism, which ultimately isn't skepticism, and I'll explain why in a second, but would be known from Descartes, Rene Descartes, who, if you think about the x and the y-axis, he invented that whole processing. Um, uh, so, coordinates, geological coordinates, all made possible by Rene Descartes. Um, okay, so, he was trying to figure out what he could trust, so, he was using skepticism.

He says, okay, I understand that, you know, I put a stick in water, and it looks bent, and I understand that, you know, some things that I see aren't there, or, like, um, they're different than how I see them, So, what can I trust? What is any truth? Can I find? And that's where we get kagito ergo sum. That's kagito ergo sum, which is I think, therefore I am.

Um, so, like, translated in other ways, batteries don't run out, but, um, yeah, so that's Descartes and more of a modern day skepticism, um, which, which, uh, gave birth to a lot of other ways of thinking about it as well.

But did Descartes go too far, assuming I? What is I? That brings us closer to existentialism, which we'll get into a lot, because then we get the awesome philosophers Kierkegaard, Saron Kierkegaard, Danish, and Friedrich Nietzsche, and we'll probably talk a little bit about Martin Heidegger, and which, I don't know, some of these, like existentialism, and John Paul Sartre. And even Camus, and the Metamorphosis.

I can't remember. It starts with an F. I can't remember whoever wrote the Metamorphosis. He was an interesting guy.

But we'll get into all these philosophers, and it'll be really fun. Um, so I guess we're going to do, um, hopefully your first, uh, your first uni course. The battery's about to die. Oh.

Can I be your first philosophy course, please? Is it Franz Kafka? Did I get that right? Just for dating reasons, I don't have any kids.

I've only slept with one woman before, and I was married to her. And I want to save myself. for you. I kind of live in the past because of my work, because my work teaches me what to do in the future, but if I found my girl, I wouldn't so much do that because I would know exactly what to do in the future, and I wouldn't have to refer back to my work all the time. I would just kind

make it you know wash it a few times and then and then it would go away and rarely to come back maybe occasionally when I want to reflect upon those situations but kind of as it is searching living the life searching for a girl like this you know that's kind of made me obsess over the work because it could teach me things that could ultimately help me find her. Why did I do philosophy? To learn how to be a good man for Jenna. Why did Jenna leave me?

Because I did philosophy. And now I continue philosophy, learning how to be a good man for the girl who who can be the person I need her to be for me, who can provide for my needs. I have everything within me to give, but the vessel in which gives it is broken and needs your immediate attention. A life of making beautiful stories, fairy tales into reality, all documented in time to pass on to future human civilizations.

Real life stories.

We align two pathways. I think I can somehow magically make creepy pretty cool. just so you're aware scan this consensus how strange is all of this that it all lined up together so we just talked about one jury and how that resulted and now I'm being called in for jury duty but I don't think they'll take me anyway Like, one thing, I'm a student, so they know it's going to affect my studies, and two, I don't think they'll go for philosophy. I guess those things are pointed out too, but philosophy. They want people that work well in groups, and I'm not that people.

What else would you expect from someone who is possessed?

I've been trying to tell everybody since it happened when I was nine, but no one listened. But eventually the physical manifestation showed itself. This tattoo is the same text as this, and this, and this, and you just gotta think differently about how one could tattoo text like this. This is attempting to represent eudaimonia, which means human flourishing. It means practical application of all the knowledge and doing well within oneself and the whole unit as well.

So it means us all working well together and me being able to utilize my gifts to reach others. But the thing is I only got daemonia here. I got that represented very well, daemonia. The tattoo artist Todd was supposed to put a chain from there onto my heart, which is you.

Um, but he ran out of time, so that didn't end up happening. So, um, I'm attempting to still, you know, uh, have this come to happenings, um, which is human flourishing. But the thing is, as the mythology story goes about the nine-tailed demon fox, is that it's lonely and the people will either accept it and it will guard the people or the people will reject it and it will destroy the civilization. So that's the story.

Yeah, that's actually, like, more Chinese mythology. But I'm not sure if I can get, you know, like, this is my family crest. Got a tattoo. There's two tattoos in there.

There's a tribal design, and that went too deep. And it's scarred, but it's cool scars. But I had to put it over, I had to cover it over because it was bleeding out and you couldn't see it. But the scars were really cool.

So the scars are still there. And there's a tattoo over it. And there's a lot of meaning behind that too. This is all one story, like all these tattoos is one story.

And there's either seven or eight depending on how you want to look at it. And I don't think I'll get another tattoo for a while. I think that would depend on if I end up finding anyone.

I am very sorry for the poor Socrates' interpretation. I can never do that right. And ultimately, almost everything that I say in his name is what I'm saying myself. And Plato had a big problem with this too.

maybe one day your Tom Cruise can fill those shoes I know you see me smoke a lot but please remember that I do have a life and I do other things and this camera is like a side project for me so when I'm outside having a cigarette after doing things you know I study that's what I'm doing I'm a student then then And I think of things and then I film them and it just so happens to be that that's when I'm having a smoke. So yeah. I just can't wait to get to know the weird type of girl that would fall for a weird guy like me. I like weird people.

I hope you are a musician. And if you are not I hope I can persuade you to become one with me. and I can teach you what I know and we can look at how you learn and we can work on sounding really good together and that's all that matters at the end of the day because I just want to play music with my lover for the rest of my life what has philosophy enabled me to accomplish well I live on the floor and I just, you know, have what I need in order to do things in which I need to do every single day, study, or think about you, or make films thinking about you, or play music, or do martial arts if I had the right people or watch anime or watch a TV show if it's really good. Yeah, I'm still human. Would much prefer to go out on adventures. And hey girl, what if both of our

smarts together learned how to make a living by doing this? So last episode I was struggling with idealism, so I think I'll use this segment to briefly explain to you what idealism is and not as in my girl, which I got distracted with last episode. It's pretty funny. Okay, so idealism is the interpretation from the mental, so everything in which I perceive all of this stuff in which appears to me is a product of my mental apparatus.

So the reason why this is asserted is because we're only really viewing an image anyway because all of our senses are tuned in and then sent to our brains which then produce synaptic reactions and that then gives us the appearance of things and how we sense the things around us and our surroundings. So this is kind of like subjective idealism even goes further and he goes, you know, the only thing that exists is our minds and everything outside of that. It's debatable whether it exists or not. And I guess I can't remember the philosopher's name.

This sea owl eventually included my work now because now I can't remember it and I would know I'll be able to research it. But he said, the argument was something, like, this wasn't his argument, but this is where that argument came from. If a tree falls in the forest and nothing's around to hear it, then does it make a sound? But they were just using his logic to kind of build that argument. So idealism is about the mind. And this is in contrast, can I do it? Because then there's rationalism, which tries to do the, because you've got the res kagitans, remember?

which is the inside thing and res extensa which is the outside thing and idealism is concerned with the inside thing and the outside thing is empiricism which is when, so that's where we go, we go back to a priori and a posteriori, so before and after the fact. So a priori to me knowing something is idealizing or idealism and after the fact, so that's science, empiricism, which is then setting up a situation, throwing out a hypothesis and seeing what happens and seeing how close that hypothesis is to the actual occurrence. So how do we do? I'm trying.

It was this guy. So we have this dualism between theory and practice and this dualism is much of the struggles of philosophy throughout its entire existence But there have been very many creative ways to go beyond it. But you have the rational perspective, which then says these aspects need to work together in order to produce the best outcome. And then you get the constructivist, who then claim that knowledge is constructed by humans anyway. It's just a human construct.

and we just build things in certain ways and then claim that to be knowledge when in itself it may or may not be. So yeah, we got a lot of different ways of looking at what we can called knowledge, and then our own justifications, and then the truth, and then how we see our own lives, and then what we ourselves see as knowledge, and that will ultimately drive us as individuals, but still that's kind of going more into the existential side, which I was getting into Descartes because he kind of opened that can of worms by saying, yeah, at least I can say, I think, therefore I am. And the existentialists get in there and say, well, what is I? And, you know, what is thinking? And what is I am?

like so taking apart like really focusing on the eye then and then you have individualism um which then capitalism and industrialism played upon prayed pray prayed upon um because because then instead of um being a unique individual how you express yourself was through clothing or you know something that could be consumed so you no longer had to possess good characteristics you just had to you know purchase the right things where the right things have you know be assimilated into your community correctly I don't know how I got into this subject but I only have five minutes left on the camera so I got to think about how I'm going to use the rest of this. What is its value? What value does man give it? Knowledge has become a set of rules and regulations made by man but outside of man's control. The topic takes us back to our existential

crisis, like Sisyphus, who was damned to push a rock up a mountain, and then it falls down the mountain, and then he had to push it up the mountain again, and then it fell down the mountain again. He had to do this for eternity, so that was his punishment. So Sisyphus and how we as humans are conditioned and what if we didn't exist, what if we did end our own lives, what if I ended my own life, who would care? Okay, so it would affect my roommate and maybe my parents would be a little bit sad.

So that's like all the people that would get affected if I were to perish from this world. I'm not really connected to anybody and I don't have any burdens holding me anywhere so I don't know what to do or where to go. I have difficulties trusting people because every time I do they end up screwing me around. The real reason I keep pressing the record button is because I give myself clues as to what to do in the future. Can you see? I'm a broken record. Can you

fix me? So is justice a witch hunt against me or is it allowing people like me do what we were built to do and because of that society would benefit greatly from those investments and they are investments. I'm investment. Such investments don't come without emotional baggage and I have a lot of it and may be proud of it because I can empathize very deeply with others who do also experience those same emotions and that's why I want to give my life to help heal that aspect in society.

Those who suffer greatly in this life are my target audience and I want to help you through your problems. Yes, it is true that this help is coming from someone who is very disturbed themselves. But hey, it's a ladder. Like, a ladder is better than no ladder at all.

So I hope my games have touched your heart and hope you stick around to watch the next episode. for time tells all things and people manipulating that time makes all things possible we have to go from this to this smoothly brought to you by horsey that's the trojan horse I'm doing it you see yeah don't forget to not subscribe by clicking the left button on the ride and then don't not subscribe on the



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



12-My-Dating-Profile-Episode-03-The-Man-I-Am

meaning behind that too. All of my, these are, this is all one story. Like, it's a map. In itself, it, like that. Okay. Yeah, so we're claiming knowledge that, uh, is really human

knowledge because that's all we can ever give because it comes from humans and humans determine It's legitimacy, so there's nothing outside of humans in which examines the processes in which humans utilize, examines, maybe I should say coordinates, in which humans can utilize to get a representation outside of themselves, so our species is stuck in itself.

it's called ontology capitalized i think boulder would be a better term for that

this is the textbook for this unit you can buy it for really cheap this one cost me i think about seven to nine dollars um but if you don't want to buy it too it's available online for free It is to be read in conjunction with the material in which I present, and all throughout these studies and this TV show, we need to consider what philosophy truly is, and if we just keep on bringing our minds back to its etymology, which is the roots of the word, which is philia and sophia, which is love of wisdom. And, as I said before, we have to learn love, and we have to learn wisdom, and then we have to learn how they interact. Who is wise? If I was wise, I would not desire wisdom, because one does not seek what they already have.

If I had you, my dear, I would no longer need to look. Being a philosopher is like being somewhere in between ignorance and wisdom.

Would I have the ability to judge someone who the state has charged?

The state charged me with fabricated facts. How can I know that the same hasn't happened in any other occurrence? How do I know what I'm receiving at a trial is accurate information. When the state abducts an individual and then recruits a jury from the community to deem their fate, all they're doing is distributing their own agenda on the responsibility of their own agenda onto the public the community to say that that oh it's us it's us that's doing it it's not it's not just the government because we are part of the government and uh and I don't really feel it safe to be in charge of the result of another man's life or another woman's life, like another human being's life. I don't feel that I should have a responsibility to determine or even

have a decision in determining whether or not the state should incarcerate any individual. I think a lot of what the state does is terrible, so, you know, if these are my values, how can I be part of society because this is a society that you force upon me. But I want to do my duty, so I am conflicted. What if the issue is regarding their war on drugs?

Justice is in the eye of the beholder. I visit this world to study its dominant species, and you ask me to judge your affairs. The search for wisdom is not an easy path. The search for love also has its struggles.

And connecting the two becomes an art form. And extremely awkward. Although this is a philosophy unit, there will be sociology components. And I think a good place to start would be Durkheim.

And this is a functionalist perspective, but let's not coin these words too quickly yet because different functionalists have different conclusions. But we'll just start with Durkheim's Le Suicide, which was a sociological study on suicide. I think it was the late 18th century, if I remember correctly. But what he did was study different religions and the statistics of different religions, individuals within different religions committing suicide.

And what he noticed is that the more the religions were socially integrated, the less they would commit suicide. And, you know, Luther nailed to the church the proclamation that now God is found through each individual man, man, mankind, human, so woman. And so that gave kind of a social anxiety, if we want to look at Kierkegaard, about being in the world, because instead of your place being told to you and you being fed that this is what God is, God becomes something personal and up for your own conclusions. Um, so he noticed that that created a disintegration within the social unit and, um, and like Christianity and Catholicism, like Catholicism is a lot more connected, um, with, with in their social environment.

And Protestantism, on the other hand, is a lot less connected, and as a result, they end up ending their own life more often than not. He discovered a variety of types of suicide, which he thought would be reasons why people would end their own life. and those include I'll start with the one that's rare because we'll get it out the way but fate fatalistic suicide and that's when someone has been under too much control so someone in prison that's um that's not happy where they are and there's their whole their whole agenda revolves around another like authoritarian governments um someone might kill themselves because they're too um too controlled another so that's the fatalistic suicide um egoistic is um they're kind of inside their own mind and they're not socially integrated within the world and if i kill myself that would probably be a lot of the reason um but but that's not all because um there's other um the anomi will will briefly cover anomi and that's when um big changes occur in your life and a lot of times these happen over entire social atmospheres um which would include like the stock market and and the other charismatic yeah I can't remember just give me one second I'll find out oh I just turned off the camera and I remembered it right after um it's altruistic suicide which is where one ends their life because they think it would be for the greater good and maybe if I did this it would have elements that ring true but maybe not so much anymore until I find her which is my old work released because I can't release my old work until I find her and and that wouldn't make sense anymore in my situation because that old work needs to come out and and it takes that girl to enable them to come out how do we end up here. Anyway, the point of functionalism is that everything works together and in most cases denotes a common good in which is being strived for by the whole of civilization.

And you might want to think about it as an organic compound. So, you know, the heart pumps the blood, which goes to my veins, which goes through my circulation system, which then enables me to develop a presence, which I can then record. So each of these organs are parts of society, and sometimes those organs need to get cut out or quarantined, And this is when we incarcerate people, whether it's through psychiatric means or through legal means. Either way, it's done. Either way, someone's taken without their will.

that's healthy for society from a functionalist perspective because there's something that's upsetting society and the best thing to do is remove that from being able to do any damage where as maybe some criticisms that I have about this is that it should identify the problem and then investigate solutions in order to rectify the problem. Maybe even that perspective can appropriately fit into functionalism. We have a lot of different theories of society to work out and I guess we'll cover a little bit about conflict theory, which I was going to say Marxism, but the thing is Marxism kind of coined or developed conflict theory, because conflict theory also exists within feminism. Conflict theory is kind of a way of thinking about society.

And what Marx was saying is that industrialism has, because that's when he was writing, when industrialism was booming, and as a result, instead of individuals making productions in which they're connected with, we've turned that into assembly lines, and now each individual is working on a part, and whoever owns that means of production, so now people are just employed to do a part, and it's the same thing over and over again, so there's not much personal touch within how it's employed. Marx calls this alienation because we're alienated from the products in which we create and also the ones who own the means of production are the ones who choose to give you your wage and from his perspective this is slavery because you're giving a small percentage of the profits in order to continue your life so you can then come in the next day and do the same thing so this is where he has an issue with capitalism because since private property exists and since everybody everybody everybody really I'm like there's only a small portion of the people who who own the means to produce and I'm not saying private property as you know how a house like I should I should be able to exist somewhere like that's the end of the story but um but but still that like people should still be able to have their own private private means of existing but when that means is used for production and then the income is distributed however those at the top desires and this creates a conflict in society hence the name conflict theory against the working class and and the elites the social elites and and that's kind of what conflict theory is around resolving and And if you apply this to feminism, to the conflict by our history and its development being a patriarchal, dominated world, like what you're getting as a result from our history is from men. And only recently, now, women have been able to voice their opinion and educate themselves to be able to be smart enough to exist on conversations, the level of conversations like these. So there's a lot to think about with how a society is formed and all these are different ways of thinking about it. Really tools, and we call it the sociological imagination.

And all of these ways of looking at society, they might not tell us exactly how things are, but they give us an idea about how society functions and exists and continues to exist. And we kind of got to always look at the past in order to see what's happening in the present and then make decisions about the future. I'm stupid, sorry. we also have a symbolic interactionist approach which let's go okay so what symbol we using here what does that mean like why are we using that so we got like a deer and some type of bird and like was that bull and a goat and like some hammers and like a rocket and then like i don't know is a tribal person and then we got some like cool stuff up here some crosses like okay so and like what about this what what's this mean like what's the symbology here um and and how can we use that um like everything we have um in our environment um you know why is why are we having this on here like why does this exist in this way um pretty much just look around you and then it's not only that because and I'm crossing philosophy here again which I don't know like I'm linking my own conclusions together but if we talk about Wittgenstein and his his language games and how we use language because you got to understand that language is also a symbol and how we articulate that language to convey some type meaning that is symbols so how are we using symbols in society so not only like things like this and I can understand what that means because I've been socially I think that socialization that's what it's actually like I've undergone socialization which helps me understand what these things mean but the thing is most of us take that for granted and we are we just overlook these things that we have come to think as being, you know, day-to-day and normal, perfectly fine.

Globalization has united our world together. It has enabled me to bring this to you no matter where in the world you are, as long as you have an internet connection.

McDonaldization, McDonaldization, it's really hard to say. that has brought us assembly line food it's industrial method overlooks people like me you are no longer valuable for the unique individual that you are and what your abilities can provide but instead only for your time in which you carry out menial tasks. I said before that I don't usually wake up till afternoon but that's usually like only one day a week. Usually I wake up between the hours of 7 to maybe 10 30 but I don't sleep very much. Utilitarianism can

be difficult because its situations might entice you to do something that might harm an individual who was innocent for example if there's been some murders in town and this new guy there is is the target for everybody everybody thinks that he did it and the sheriff knows that he didn't do it but if he just executed the guy then all the problems would go away so what do you do there also like you know what what happens if in Nazi Germany Jews are running away and there's a baby and you know the patrol comes by and they're all in the bush trying to be quiet but there's a baby that's crying like do you suffocate the baby do you do you stop the baby from crying like it would ultimately help the most people so like all of these are just tools for you to use to think about moral judgments. John Rawls asserted the original position which is like everybody's disconnected from what they are so whatever anybody is could end up in a pool that was drawn at random and we all had to decide of what these roles entailed and in that way that no one would miss out. This has even been evolved into animal rights and thought about in terms of what if we were, you know, a cow, would it be okay to, you know, raise us just to eat us? Virtue ethics. Very close to my heart. I've done the best that I can and it's all been for the divine and whatever happens as a result was necessary in order to perform the required algorithm that was built into me.

to imprint, to program into society. Each philosophy successfully employed into the world stands as a blueprint to that philosophy. So, by examining its parts, we can then understand the whole very easily just by understanding how those parts function together. If I can identify one's mode of thought, then I can build the rest of the picture very quickly and very easily. Logic isn't all that hard. Premises are formed

which develop a conclusion which could be or might not be correct, independent of whether the correct logical methodology was employed so there's a lot of ways that we can develop knowledge in which at the end of the day like are those things true and what is true because by asserting logic in in this type of way is asserting that there is some sort of truth I guess a lot of epistemology all All the fields of epistemology assert some type of truth before any truth is discovered unless you get into skepticism. Yeah, so let's continue. You have fallacies too. One more wouldn't kill me.

Couldn't hurt anything. I am exactly six foot tall and I weigh 62 kilos. Idealism, empiricism, constructivism, body, mind, spirit, connection from three into one, the triangle, what are these relations, res kagitans, res extensa, and a connection between them. What is the soul? What is consciousness? This external awareness of my environment and the things within it. What is this field of time in which is a vessel of my higher being and transformed into a lower being?

Where is the steering wheel to this life that I have been given and how am I to make meaning within it? It's a stream from this moment to this moment to this moment. How am I to fill this stream? What am I to do with my experience in which would benefit not only me, but also those around me and as a result, all of my society?

The shirt I was wearing yesterday.

Soren.

Are you planted in fertile soil, my dear?

Are you around the best people for your psychology? Are you invested in the endeavors in which will bring the most fruition in your life? Are you directed towards the goals in which will not only help you, but those around you and your society most effectively, dependent on how you are psychologically wired? Or have you made the right investments in this world, and do you care about the right things?

Do you know what right is now? Like, what is right? Because there's a value judgment. And now we're talking about knowledge and, you know, what we can think knowledge to be or what we assert knowledge to be.

And, you know, at the end of the day, we don't really know anything. which is why Socrates really says a lot, even to our modern-day society. He's very, very... Not just Socrates, like figures like Socrates throughout our ages.

Jesus is my leader. He's my king. I follow Jesus. I am a follower of Jesus.

But it's not just Jesus, too. It's like Gandhi, and I know I go through times in my work where I go through these few individuals, but there's a lot of individuals who have fought for what they thought was right and just upset the thinking balance of society, and as a result, they get punished by their society, and this isn't collectively good. And you can see it happening with me, too. So not only in my work, but also in my real life.

So there's a lot of things that we need to consider. And, you know, you and me, girl, together, we could become really awesome if we just focused our conscious awareness on the right things, the important things in life. And yes, of course, we'll learn that some of the things that we thought were important aren't really so important, but that's just all the fun of it. That's the process that we go through to become really awesome, interesting individuals who really care about this world, who can actually make a difference.

Throughout my travels, both friends and family have suggested that I don't have anything to give in a relationship, but I don't think that's the case because what I have to give maybe is not so much financially, but there's some things that money can't buy and having Having someone like me in your existence, your day-to-day existence, would really change your world if you only used me right. So like yeah, I got flaws and mostly mentally stable, I got things I struggle with. But I think I have a lot, like I have everything within me. I got all my time to do this to try and find a girl that I can do this in real life with.

So, like, and in real life, I wouldn't have to worry about always recording. Like, I wouldn't have to release stuff so fast. I could take it slow, and we could take it slow, and we could relax with it.

But, yeah, I don't know. I got heart. That's what I got. I got heart, and I can give my entire heart and everything that comes with it, which is my entire existence.

So that's what I have to give in a relationship. I have a really good heart, too. I spent many years putting its pieces back together.

I'm a good cook. Although I would have to romance you into vegetarianism. Peter Singer questioned why we have the right to kill animals for our own food when we are able to survive without that, without doing that. So, he focused in on consciousness and what had cognitive abilities and what could feel pain.

So, he kind of focused a lot on a utilitarian perspective. So, maximum amount of happiness with the least amount of suffering and is us killing animals to eat them. is that following this ethical guideline I make a mean macaroni and cheese but seriously if you're not convinced by now that I'm your soulmate then you're not but that doesn't mean that you shouldn't listen to these sentiments because they're teaching philosophy I was closer with the 500 but look how close that is the 280 jurors found him guilty and 220 for acquittal so it was close what exactly do our sense perceptions tell us have you ever seen a cube okay so we can see different sides of the cube and we can see like you know three sides at the same time if we turn it in the right angle but ultimately we're only getting one perspective of the cube and because we understand our three-dimensional world because we live in it we kind of assume the rest so you know we might need to walk around the cube to understand its different angles and we might need to move the cube around in order to see it but but from our sense like our sense impressions we can't we can't really understand a cube because we can only see one perspective perspective at a time and I guess that works for everything okay so what's the plantness of this plant like if I had a tree I would say the tree-ness of the tree or like you know you have to we can only see one perspective of this and if we walk around it we can see you know different angles and the conditions in which is that you see the shadows like the conditions matter too we can begin to learn the whole by looking at it from different angles my purpose might be to find a girl but my true purpose is to to connect with bleeding hearts who have great capabilities who can really make a difference in this world. I had to figure out a way to reach them because you see I have always been like this. Maybe a little bit crazy and unstable at times

but my heart's always been in the right place. One's character is demonstrated in in the actions in which they take. And from childhood, I was on this exact same path. You can be too.

Don't let consensus fool you. You are not what you are now. You are an amalgamation of what you were in all your previous moments, plus the now. Makeup won't cover those blemishes.

There's no makeup here. There are no 12-step plans here. Only character demonstrated on camera again and again and again. Do I deserve to be recognized for my philosophical achievements? I will leave the answer to that question up to you.

I haven't even finished my degree yet I'm on my last semester slacking off making a film instead of studying I got lots to read but if I did not provide you this information in a format like this then who would have come along to do it and could I have done better than them how high can I fly why does the lifetime of work in which was censored not matter really because the actions in which a philosophy successfully takes can be examined closely and its parts reflected upon to rebuild the entire philosophy so it doesn't matter what of mine gets censored or or whether people watch this film specifically or another one or whatever else because the same philosophy is is is I don't know built like constructed there's the word uh constructed in every single representation um in which i give you and in this case it's episode three which i haven't come up with a name yet for uh didn't say that right a name for yet this means that as long as the government gives me freedom to access a camera, a computer, and the internet, that I can continue to reproduce this philosophy for as long as I live. So, you know, that's what you're competing against society. Sometimes, you know, one person actually can make a difference. You can scare me by throwing me psychiatric ward after psychiatric ward or even in prison to make sure I know what it's like but ultimately if you're not going to continue holding me then this is the result each time you make me think I have done something wrong Merely for following my highest good.

Bang. Psychology and sociology are kind of two sides of the same coin to a certain extent. But psychology tends to reduce everything down to personal responsibility or individual consciousness in which created the conditions. And sociology is more inclined to say that the social aspects of the environment in which the person exists and has existed will tend to encourage certain behaviors within people.

Remember, we have the mind, res kagitans, and we have the outside thing, the extended thing, the thing with an extension, res extensa. So from the neurons firing within my head and then out into the world and everything within that world which has conditioned these neurons to fire in the way in which they do. from inside to outside to inside to be limited to the dualistic perspective is kind of like bulls butting horns because there's obviously some other element that's involved in which enables those two to interact with each other so tell me is it one direction in which these aspects can communicate am I going from my body and then pushing that information that sense data out is that how it's going so is it like from here and then just one-sided like that or is there a bi-directional element I wouldn't exactly say that one's intentionality or even their consciousness is the spirit. But let's try to approach that subject of the spirit, of the divine within us, of that which connects our mental processes with our physical ones and vice versa. Let's

just play with some thoughts first imagine living in my world so this is just the physical atmosphere and the location around me okay and now compare that with what your world is okay now let's kind of do the same thing but now imagine living in my head and what that might be like and now imagine living in your head now reflect on living in your head I guess we have to imagine what it's like to live in our own heads because that's not easy either but you You can see how the location is everything and that then motivates me to do certain things, to take certain actions and back to intentionality a little bit because these terms I'm using are very close to what I'm getting at and that's a lot with spirituality because that connection in which enables us to combine both our physical and mental elements, there's something that drives it and that drive is the drive that tugs on your heart, that pushes on your heart that's the spirit and and maybe i can't articulate it properly and maybe no one can um but there is definitely an element to this life and in which is not really explainable and we can sort of uh get closer to it by dividing our physical world um from our mental one the one created by mental states or brain states in which give us a perception of this world and that's why I love the camera so much because what I see is different from what's out there but not exactly there's still so many different similarities and a lot of times I'll do something and then see something else happen so something else actually happened than what I thought and that's just from my own mental states not coordinating appropriately with the real world, the physical world, the tangible world. So these are just all things to think about. I don't know how to approach spirituality. I'm trying my best. Let us throw the dice of life. Why philosophy?

because it is the only place in this world that will provide you answers. But I do warn you that it will also create many more questions which will cause you to investigate those until you get answers to those and then it just keeps repeating. So life and all its possibilities is an endless cycle and if we only learn how to hear the tune, hear the music in the world, then we can align ourselves with it and we can create really awesome songs in life. I grew up as a pastor's son, so I guess to some degree that has directed my life, But I focused much more on spirituality than religion, and God was always my focus, but I couldn't understand debates about God when it's kind of all the same anyway, and really it's just different ways to interpret that God.

And then we get in arguments over how to interpret it when, to be honest, that should be where we thrive to speak about what the nature of God could be. So, you know, I guess I am a product of my environment. My mom's a nurse. My father was a pastor and is now a teacher.

um so i'm just following the the programming which is in my blood cells let's talk a little bit about body image i hate that because in my work it's just going to go off again and again and i'm going to be like oh did my phone go off and i go no it's just my work okay but that's a pain but you know how we look how we appear like I don't know it was kind of better with the blue but the thing is that purple will get lighter and then it'll look a lot cooler but here's the thing like I'll start with this you know people say um don't don't hold your face like that or it'll stick like that, so they'll say that to kids so they don't hold their face in yucky positions. But even though that's not really true, in a way it kind of is because the ways in which we utilize our muscles will train those muscles to be certain ways, so if you pull a disgusting face again and again and again and you're always doing that, then that will be part of you. And that's why I like, so spend a lot of time looking in the mirror and you got a camera, get a camera and know how you look and you got to be comfortable in the skin that you're in. Because people will notice that, that's when you become attracted to people.

So if you're depressed about, you know, why is no one noticing me, well that's because you're not comfortable in your skin yet. So you just got to figure out, you know, what is this skin that I have and how can I utilize it? And it's the same with like your voice and all presentation methods. I've had to work a lot to get a voice like this and had to, you know, work a lot to get, you know, a smile like this. You know, I say like even a smile, like,

do you think i had this smile naturally do you think i popped out of my mother's womb and and you know all smiles like do you think that's how it works it's not like i had to look in the mirror for like i've spent so much time looking in the mirror and all the whole time i'm doing it i think i'm kind of like in my head i got a game going on my head that i look into my own eyes in the in the mirror and and out there my soul mates also looking into the mirror into their own eyes and we can kinda see each other and just things like that but the thing is is that you're an attractive person I don't care what you look like but if you just like relax all your muscles and then stand in front of the mirror and then start playing with them and you can figure out maybe this is a bad scene for an example because because my hair is too dark or i don't know maybe i can okay see see how i've just changed the way i looked is it any so i'm now darker like you know like we just got to play with what we have and if we just you know get it to the point where we know that's how we're going to look and we just relax in our own skin you know i get i get away with saying a lot of um a lot of kind of rude stuff on camera. And how do I get away with it? Well, it's my attitude. It's how I wear it. How do you wear your skin? We all have to wear a skin. So we just got to figure out

how we're going to wear the skin that we've been given, how we're going to present that skin, and how we're going to present our stream of consciousness to other people who are within our proximity. We will go over body image in more detail later, my dear, as it is all intertwined with the mind-body split. This is always so difficult because everybody's problems are always different. I wish I could be there for you so we could talk about them like real people, you know not just this one-sided bullcrap please don't forget to double click on your right double click button the trojan horse must first be constructed before it can invade troy gonna start a revolution baby eventually its pieces will fall into place



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



12-My-Dating-Profile-Episode-04-Behind-Every-Good-Man

Is that the Pope's hat?

Here goes nothing.

This reading is from Arendt. And it's talking about Archimedes and Galileo. Needed centuries and generations to develop its full potentials. Taking roughly 200 years before it even began to change the world and to establish new conditions for the life of man.

And it took no more than a few decades, hardly one generation, for the human mind to draw certain conclusions from Wendell's discoveries.

Am I pretty? I know a lot of different angles that can make me look pretty.

My hair's short. I get very self-conscious, and I'm not comfortable in my own skin. I got screwed up teeth, but I like these ones because they allow me to do that. Let's try some bad shots.

Do I still look pretty? Am I pretty? I don't know. I can't really tell.

I think I'm pretty. I can't even get a bad shot. It's because my hair, if my hair was short, you'd get lots of bad shots. I guess you got a lot to look forward to when I find my girl, because some of the content that I have released in the past, I have short hair, and it looks terrible.

What is confidence? You put me in a room with a lot of people and I will end up alone in the corner. Yet I can film extremely long movies, shows, whatever, and fill up the stream of consciousness to be directed in a certain way. Am I confident for being able to do this, for being able to speak and have the record light on and being able to articulate my thoughts in a certain way and feel confident about pressing the upload button?

Is that confidence? Or maybe there's different types of confidence in the real world. I'm very shy. so every week I have to download my lectures and I can do that here and they're between usually one and three hours and the three hour ones take all day because see I get sidetracked so easily like I was telling you before so like a three-hour lecture will take me five to six hours to watch because I'm constantly pausing it but yeah I just save that let's just put it on the desktop just put it on the desktop and it names it some weird name but I just delete them after I watch them so so I don't care about the name so much so that downloads and yeah I'll get that lecture and then I'll listen to it every single week I have a whole bunch of readings too so the whole point in each unit is to juggle the readings, your assignments, and the lectures all at the same time.

The assignments usually don't start until after week four or five, so you have a little bit to get your feet into the topic. Every unit is a little bit different, but usually there's two assignments and one exam. Sometimes there's three assignments, but one of them is kind of a minor one. It's 12 weeks in a semester, and then you get a few weeks to study for your exam.

And there's two semesters in a year, and you get your lectures sent to you. You've got to do the assignments. You've got to do the readings. And the readings are quite fun, but they can be long sometimes.

But if you use this text-to-speech method that I use, it will be a lot easier for you. But don't be so much afraid of the readings because those readings are amazing and they'll teach you so much in life. Your life is still yours to do what you will. Studying externally can be quite fun because you can arrange your life in whatever way that you want or not change it too much.

you just got to make time for the study so as long as you make time for the study then your life doesn't have to change at all and since we live in such a blessed government here that will support its students at least to some degree then that means you can have time for both your life and your studies. Most of ancient philosophy was attempting to coordinate the earth with the sky. As we evolve, we become the center of the equation. Remember Descartes, I, Cagito ergo sum. Even though in ancient Greek philosophy, it was pretty commonly known that the sun

doesn't revolve around the earth. In medieval philosophy, in Galileo's time, he then brought this topic up and he was considered to be blaspheming the current cultural trends by saying that the sun doesn't revolve around the earth because in that time religious sex controlled the power. So saying that, hey, the earth isn't the center of our world was controversial considering that our world was specifically crafted by God and God revolves around man because of course humans have to be special even though we exploit others and we harm destroy every single environment in which we enter some reason humans are god's pet teacher's pet and deserve special attention even though we take immoral actions all the time and not only taking those actions but legalizing those immoral actions, so making those immoral actions law, which then encourages everybody to take immoral actions. You don't have to be extremely smart, dear girl.

Everything that I am saying, that I am proposing, that I am laying out is not dependent on your intellect. It's dependent on your heart. Study hard and you will become smart. Learn how to examine society by standing outside of it and just watching what it does and you'll become a genius.

Each semester you should enroll in the units in which have relevance in your life at the time. So we're trying to develop our character, our person, our individual, or individual and not just achieve, complete all the units in which are required to obtain a philosophy degree. The assignments seem very restrictive and I guess they are, but you just got to look at long term, it's still good for you to be able to learn how to set out an argument in only a small amount of words. You'll probably still like the assignments and you do have a fairly wide array of choices for them. Just do the ones that you think

that will be the finest and really most challenging. Subjects that you deeply connect with. Don't just choose the easiest. Choose something that's been going through your mind for a while and something that you would really like to learn about that is relevant to your current existence.

Three units every semester. The only times you actually have to leave your house is the three exams that you have to complete. Just because you're studying doesn't mean that you don't have to enjoy the finer things in life. We can get you a car and you'll have your own computer and We'll get everything that you want in time. It just takes time, and as long as we can be patient, you know, look how patient I'm being trying to find you, then we can have all the luxuries as well as be able to train our minds in the best mode possible.

You can swing your philosophy degree in any way in which you please, and that's what's so beautiful about doing philosophy. I could swing it in a community development perspective. I could swing it in a sociology perspective. I could swing it in any type of direction in which I need to because philosophy is about modes of thought, ways of thinking.

And if you just, you know, capitalize on the points in which relate to the area of life in which you're interested in, then you can swing that degree any way that you want. So maybe, yeah, I'll have a little bit of struggles with this, trying to find the appropriate job for me. But ultimately, I'm not going to have problems with jobs, and I'm not going to have to worry about, oh, if I don't want to do this anymore.

You know, if I don't want to do one job anymore, then I just quit it and find another job, or I just find another job and then quit. like I'm not restricted to only one type of job. There's a lot of jobs and a lot of those jobs are within the capabilities in which philosophy, studying philosophy provides me. What university you end up going to will depend on your social circumstances. However, if possible, I really do recommend Murdoch for

philosophy, even though there's a lot of things I don't like about Murdoch. Those things are the same no matter what university you go to. And as far as comprehending the content, you have me right next to you to discuss these topics at any time. No matter what subject you study, these topics will come up again and again and again so mind body my mind is less complex than the external res extensa of the world which exists outside of me micro and macro empiricism and idealism these things just keep on popping up in different ways the world is not fair and I know that you know this from firsthand experience there are some major reasons why I am trying to convince you to do philosophy at university.

And maybe they're not what you would first have guessed because by doing this we then open source philosophy to every individual in the world and if we spend our lives doing this then why would someone need to go to university to do a philosophy degree when and it's all available to everybody for free. And, you know, it also kind of promotes a meritocracy society, so a society in which rewards individuals for their character and not just for existing. So there's a lot of reasons behind why you're getting this. And the thing is that you do have to do philosophy to show everybody that you're capable of teaching philosophy.

Justice. The rebalancing of wrongs until the right is achieved. And doing a philosophy degree as your major, doing philosophy as your career, that is what will enable you to get the upper hand in this world. and and ultimately the goal is to show that we don't need university anymore now that we have the internet because the internet can train people in which they can then demonstrate their actions to every individual on this planet and and then we wouldn't be judged by status in society but but by what we have to bring to others Philosophy as a career. How many people want to study under me?

I'm by far your normal teacher. I'm not going into a lecture theater, nor am I looking at the papers in which you submit to me for grading. I'm just teaching philosophy without all of the systematic bureaucracy stamped upon the methodology. You enter my personal life and not my professional one.

You come to me as a friend and not a student. But I had to manipulate my own psychology in order to do this. I had to give my heart to my girl, and the sad truth is that I will probably be ignored, and people will just think I'm crazy, and like the example of the other day, I will get judged based on someone watching a few minutes of a film. you don't have access to these anymore but if i find you can't even find that i don't know where that is anymore you will yes one of the reasons why i do this is because i have some insecurities and i know that if i found a beautiful philosopher who wanted to invest the rest of their lives into philosophy, then we could do that together and there would be no chance of her finding someone more suitable for her in that field. I am the best of the

best in our modern-day culture and I would love to see one who can keep up with me and that's why I'm trying to enable the conditions to be able to find that one who will eventually be able to challenge my own ideological thought processes. Whoever you are that's watching this, do you think it will work? If it doesn't, like I keep saying, it will still benefit society greatly because this work will go down in history. How could we relate our mind, body dualism problem with my own psychology and how it internalizes into video and then releases on the internet so what relations what connections what's happening there in order for that to happen micro macro what I do and what society does, how what I do relates, interferes, obstructs, inconveniences what society does, how the two are intertwined and how I went from private to public through an artistic means of expression.

Philosophy has no way to classify what I do. So there's no places in this world that train people on how to make videos like this, how to construct meaning over time. Philosophy is probably your closest bet. But why is that?

You know, is this not an appropriate, a meaningful, and easy-to-use method in which lasts forever as long as you have digital capabilities? Is this not something that you can invest in and then will pay out at the end? I am the founder of many breakthroughs in philosophical thought, but it always takes society quite some time to catch up to me. One person makes a difference by not doing what everybody else does.

Often get questioned about how on earth one person can make a difference in this world. Well if you just closely analyzed my work then you would find out how. I'm not here to train sheep. Maybe the black ones.

But I would call them swans. Do you want to know how to live a life free from the burdens of our own responsibility? That would be investing your life into philosophy. Philia and Sophia, Love of Wisdom.

And when your life centers around this, around learning how to make the best actions possible, then when the time comes then you will automatically take those right actions. And if you unfortunately do not, then you are not held responsible for your inadequacies because you spent your entire life trying to remove the possibility of those inadequacies. All you are required to do from this point on, from the mistake on, is to correct that mistake and do everything that you can to not repeat it. I am giving away secrets in life.

I hope you see. I hate jobs in which calculate your efficiency to do that job because I do the jobs that I am given the best of my potential and anything more than that there's no such thing so if I get a job and I do it to the best of my ability and then I get in trouble for not doing something right there should be some teaching methods that are implemented that can teach me how to do it the way they want instead of me getting in trouble for not doing it right like we live in a really stupid society like these social statuses definitely not a good thing not a healthy thing for society to function proficiently because you know if I'm doing something to the best of my ability and I get in trouble for it um like maybe the problem wasn't within me and and you know maybe I'm not right for the job maybe I'm not right for any job I don't know like uh every every job I've done I've done really well so it's not like that but but the thing is to calculate uh the individual into numbers and saying you know you're running on this efficiency and we want you here, that seems ridiculous because, you know, if all a job should expect from any individual is that they do the best they can and if that best sometimes fall short, then welcome to the human race. Our objective, girl, is to open up new employment pathways in the future of our civilization in which individuals like us can function independently and basically become entrepreneurs dedicated to very specific niche fields. But the thing is, is information like this, how are we going to sell that? And that's what I've struggled with for so long.

Like if I find you, then I guess I can put YouTube ads up for my content, but ultimately they wouldn't hold very well because all my content is CC0, it's all public domain, no rights reserved at all, so they could be uploaded again. But if that happened, then that would be cool. And I guess I could get some income from that, but how am I going to exist? these gifts you know I really love to get into a new type of dating I want to say website but a new type of online dating this is my this is my dating profile and I want to figure out a way to manage or or implement or something some type of more advanced types of online distance dating in which connected people that had more specific psychological needs but they had had a lot to give back to like you know if this type of dating was was receptive then you know imagine our universities could be all about love so so the people that you know have the you know mind and the heart and the the body you know, to do it, the body to do it. If they just, you know, gave out their heart

through their educational content, then these could be the new universities of the world and that's what that's what we're aiming for. So and that's why I gotta find you. That's why you got to be beautiful and that's why you got to do philosophy because once, you know, we align those pathways then we open up potential for a revolution. We don't need your education we got our own from the results of love. What is love? I hope you've started reading the symposium. In

Greek culture there are four terms for love and I will discuss three of them and one of them is Ophelia and that's kind of like friendly love of someone so that's friend so like you know what does it mean to be a good friend how can I be a good friend what when am I a bad friend and what could I do to you know make up for my father's and then we got Eros which is what what a lot but don't get me wrong a lot of the symposiums about Eros but don't get me wrong there's all elements of love in this that book so so we also have Agape which is this right here and and that means kind of God's love or virtuous love or compassionate love there's a lot of different ways to interpret these and the best thing to do is just look how the terms get used and then kind of make up your own understanding of that love because a lot of people if you don't believe in God, and you say that agape is God's love, then you're misunderstanding what agape is. Maybe love of humanity? I don't know. I don't know if I have that one.

But what about eros? So that's romantic love, and kind of where we get the word erotic from, but it spans over the relationship and how a romantic relationship would exist so it's not just talking about physical acts which we as a society tend to reduce everything to if I hit on a girl automatically people think that I want to put my dick in that girl and that's like so weird and you know like I'm dealing with a whole bunch of they're aliens to me I'm maybe I'm the alien but but they're aliens to me and it's like you know people say that you know my accent is so different from what's around me uh you know like it's what's alien to one is is not alien to another is common to another works for both sides i don't understand a lot of things about people Which is a big reason why I study them. Sociology. The study of society.

Why would one choose an evil act intentionally?

Why would one make judgments about a conclusion before examining the algorithms it took to arrive at that conclusion? This brings us back to epistemology and the empirical method employed with mathematics to achieve a calculative understanding of our world. Charge for corrupting the youth. My charge papers weren't that different and there's been many times throughout my life that people have said that they don't trust their kids to be around me.

How do you think that makes me feel when my whole life has just been trying to be the best person that I can be and not only that, I get along really well with kids, so how cruel is that to disconnect me from those age groups just because what I have to say might be slightly controversial? Who's in the wrong? Is it me or is it society? Is it the Res Caguitans or the Res Extensa?

Why? Because I am trying to reach a girl before she has decided what she wants to do at university. Is that so wrong of me? Does it make me a predator?

have to buy a new battery for this car is that reason enough to keep me away from your children I don't have any sexual inclinations towards your children if that's what you're trying to insinuate so what's your problem dude dude society what's your problem society perfect ages 18 19 20 inconvenient ages 16 17 if I'm still single when you're older and you're under that then look me up I'm not looking for a fuck I'm looking for a wife very different things I would not have sex with my soulmate until we are engaged. But despite this fact, am I a predator who preys on young curious minds? I am what I am. But here is the thing, I am actually looking for one person, one specific individual, soulmate and I know a little bit about them and it's really good now because she's grown older than she was the secrets are revealed that's why I had to be so vague in my approach in the past but now it's much easier thanks to time fixing that for me. God told me things. You can't unknow what God tells you. It's

ingrained. It's permanent. Do you have any capabilities of putting yourself in my shoes? Can you think about what that would have been like for me? That is why

she is my religion. Because God told me about her, about his daughter. Can you link the things in which I am saying together? Because she is coming in the clouds and every eye shall see. And if I was successful in finding her, then she

would be mine. It is not I who am your savior. It is her. My only job was to train her in the ways of her brother. How was I to do that considering her age? It's not so much an important issue

anymore because my baby's getting older sorry girl I'm kind of old but it took that for me to make you this so in order to enable the necessary conditions for you to flourish it took my own psychological upbringing and age to mature me to bring me to the point that I'm at now but as you can see I still look young so I still got it let's never grow up I don't say as an adult you have to be this this and this and now that you're an adult you have to do things this way in this way and and you know what you should say to them you know what you're gonna say to them you're gonna say you know the right time to use the finger there's the right time you know the meaning i was talking about with boogie flicking off the camera like there's a right time say fuck you hey girl what are you doing with this cradle snatcher i said fuck you i was selected for you by god and i hope i can do a good job in taking care of you for the rest of our lives together and don't fear after for when we die we will come back to one for we were once one but God had two purposes for its most beautiful angel in which he separated by locale and time only to one day reunite to incite divine retribution. What information are you receiving which is knowledge and what is delusions? Only time will tell. Tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick.

There's nothing left to tick. Keeps ticking. Tick, tick, tick, tick, tick. In order to find you, I had to challenge society's take on dating. I had to reveal my psychology and my reasons

behind why I was making those actions. I had to get thrown in three psychiatric wards because of you. I got in trouble with the authorities because of you who then deemed my mental apparatus unfit to understand the actions in which I was taking. I had to live in the wilderness for three out of five years in order to find you. I had to get banned from countless forums and countless websites

in order to find you. I had to spend thirty thousand dollars plus and still increasing in order to find you. I had to lose my family and my friends in order to find you. When I was a child, I asked Jesus to come into my heart. When I became a man,

I asked you the same thing. I gave my life to you and accepted and endured all of the persecution, subjugation and oppression which incurred you are my master how may I be of service my lady I know you have gone through a lot and you likely don't think yourself worthy or even capable of what I'm saying but the thing is is that everything that you've gone through was there for a reason to enable you to do all this and if you just consider what I'm saying and how it would be possible for you to achieve all I'm laying out then you'll see you'll see that everything in your life has directed you to this. So now all you gotta do is take the steps, baby steps, one step at a time. The soulmate works two ways. It is bi-directional. Everything in

your life has drawn you to me and in some way contributed to you now viewing this video. I am telling you, girl, you and me were destined to be a wee. This episode turned out very differently than planned, but that is okay because God leads our production. I am very sorry if I offended anyone in this episode.

That was not my intentions. But I did lay out my cards and the reasons why you are now receiving this. And it has been very difficult in the past and is now only recently getting easier because she's growing up. So, you know, make whatever judgments you want, but time will tell, and when I reach her eyes, and when I find her, and then you'll see the rest of our lives together on camera, like, you'll see it.

And then everything that I have said will unfold once we unite, and if you've got a problem with that because I'm a little bit older than her, then back to it, back to it, fuck you. If you have any constructive criticism which takes into account all of my arguments, then I would like to hear it. But if you are just going to conclude that I am evil merely by the way that you were socially indoctrinated, then it is you which I am trying to breed out of our human species, and I hope that over many generations my efforts will. You have three stances to make. One, you are with me. Two, you couldn't give a flying fuck about me. Three, you are against me. Choose your path wisely.

I might only be one, but you know who's on my team? Bang. God, you have enabled officials to abduct me on multiple occasions and stick me in front of tribunals in order to assess my psychology, which was directed in your name, but deemed unfit for society. I have allowed you to speak through me, not only in my film and my writing, but also in front of these officials.

I have studied all of the things that you have told me to, and done my best and continue to do so every day to teach the girl that I love, to teach your daughter. I am honored for such a privilege, and I am a very patient man. Thank you for giving me the opportunity.

Please don't make me look like a fool.

Please unite us as soon as possible.

Perfection is being the best one can be.

I am perfect, dear girl.

It took me a while to learn how to do this. Are you perfect? Are you the best that you can be, considering all of your social circumstances? How can I teach you how to live like your brother?

What a task God has assigned me with.

What a name to live up to.

We have to be perfect. That is our destiny. The life of Jesus. We grow up. We undergo socialization. We are entertained by a lot of different thoughts, all of the areas in the world probing on our minds, and then we choose which of those areas we invest ourselves into.

and we learn the areas in which are most important to our hearts and then we discuss those subjects with others who are interested and in some aspects we flourish and others notice how advanced we are in those topics and then ultimately we are preparing ourselves for when we grow up and are ready to take on our mission which God has assigned us and I don't really know your mission girl I was only instructed to prepare you for your mission so whatever mission you might have I would love to find that out with you that would be awesome but but I have a mission and my mission is to prepare you for your mission and hit your missions way cooler than mine a perfect life is not impossible you were told many things are sinful in which your understandings of those things were responsible for and not you yourself. For all of the mistakes in which you have made up until this moment, God has now forgiven you, but now for the future you have to be perfect. You already are perfect. You just have to understand what perfect is.

To live a life like your brother in modern times. I failed to do that in the past. I am not you. I will pay for the consequences of my actions.

If I find you, my soul is redeemed, because me and the demon are in this together. For it wants redemption, and it has used me as a vessel in attempts to find it. Don't worry about obtaining the approval of others. One day you will have a following.

Most people are not mentally capable of watching videos like this, but that is okay because you're not targeting most people. My work was made for you in your youth. Maybe your work could be made for me in my youth. That way people who struggled like I did, who are going through it really hard, who feel like they don't have anyone, who feel like no one understands them or no one cares, and are really smart and talented and creative and have a lot of capabilities, maybe they can get a little help from you.

And if you did it to me, if your work was to me in my youth, then people like me then would be able to get the help that I wasn't able to get at that time. Maybe not, because maybe I already did that with my work. I don't really know what your work's going to be, you've got to surprise me. I'm just here to enable you to be able to follow that work because God's going to have something on your heart.

And I know like all of this sounds like a lot, but the thing is you're only ever working on one thing at a time. So all you got to do is focus on that one thing at a time. And maybe your work is destined to be our work. So maybe it's just going to be me and you doing this for the rest of our lives and maybe we'll have joint work so maybe you don't even have to have work alone.

But I guess that's all up to you because I'll support you no matter what you choose. What you see before you takes time. It's not like snapping the fingers. Maybe your work is very similar to my work and we can combine our efforts.

Maybe God has sent you on a very different philosophical path in which I hope to be able to support you every step of the way. Perfection, my love, is a useless word unless humans are able to achieve it. We need to alter our understanding of that word to be able to achieve it. If I have done the best I can in life every single step of the way, am I perfect?

Is perfection not our best? Those who live in God's path are perfect.

Mistakes are aids to achieving perfection. Let us walk the path. And don't forget to subscribe to Ray William Johnson or Tom Cruise. It doesn't matter.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



12-My-Dating-Profile-Episode-05-My-Portrait

I had to spend $30,000 plus, and still increasing, in order to find you. On advertising, oh.

What would Jesus do?

These are the only words that you need to ask yourself when you are in a moral crisis, where you are unsure of what actions to take. All you gotta ask is, what would my brother do? Are you beginning to understand my religion, dear? It's you.

For life is just a puzzle. We have to work it out. See, babe? It just takes time.

We'll get it. How cool was last episode? I will show you beauty for the rest of your life. Of my life, of our life. God is beauty.

How about this? I will show beauty for the life of this video, which has the potential to outlive all of us, which will outlive all of us. Frederick Nietzsche used to walk the wilderness while contemplating difficult subjects and then he would stop really quickly and write that down and then continue on his journey. so much of his work was consisted of fragments thanks to the technological revolution I now get this on video format I'm not only using text to describe my world what is the ubermitch one who is on top of the world the The board creaked. One side of the nails came forward and the other went down. My foot was

on the other side. I then jumped off of it successfully onto the ground. See, I did good with how I reacted, but I also did bad because I didn't realize that the nails weren't insecure enough to be able to hold my weight so even though that was perfect because I reacted without flaw I needed improvement because it shouldn't have happened to begin with because I should have adequately tested my foundations before I went around prancing on them. So a lesson learned and a successful job at evading potentially lethal consequences because I don't know if the camera can catch it but I was pretty high up. I love how nature

kind of does this. This tree is amazing. I really like it. Like it's kind of created its own little altar there. So you know if you were in this area and you needed an altar

yeah that's what you do see how big the street is really cool you know I can always stay here for now you know like this is just down the street for me and I can just take a walk whenever I want to and there's a ton of things to film here I could you know make different paths to everywhere I mean it's not a huge area but you know how I film every single encounter could be a new encounter and like there would be landmarks you see there's a landmark right there so I mean that could probably be the middle keep on going up there and there's a tunnel and it has graffiti on it and stuff like that and I can just use this little park area as my my filming city maybe I could then get the 12 Olympians involved so each it's just like I did in Canberra and really everywhere else I went, made different representations, landmarks, I guess. I guess I would have to get to know this park and then be able to associate different gods and goddesses and then teach mythology here. Like, I could do that. Like, maybe I've been looking at it wrong.

Like, I've been, you know, going, oh, I can't find what I'm looking for here. I want to film beauty. when in fact even though you know there's like there's a bridge and there's a train somewhere a train track where it's actually a train track for really old trains so maybe I could get some really old trains passing by too but I would have to figure out this place and figure out how the best way to get over the lake there you see like I guess nobody takes care of this But there's a lake there. Not like a little river thingy. It's not flowing or anything. It's just stagnant

But but these areas do get wet and then and they'll fill up for a while

Yeah, so I don't know maybe I could use this. Maybe I've just been looking at wrong I don't need to leave because my whole filming world's just down the street

I was only gonna go out for like five minutes, but I'll show you I'll show you what I mean I won't go too far because I need to go back and swap my battery on my car but yeah let me show you. Quack quack I said lake then river stream you can kind of see it I can't even yeah it's kind of pretty how cool is this place it's like bang bang like dirt bikes or something pretty cool okay so that's back where we came from it's where we are now and the bridge and that's kind of a main ish road and we got a little bit of tagging and stuff here see I don't I'm not gonna be on here I'm sure there's a lot more to explore out there but this is where I'll stop for today this is the territory that I've charted I'm not sure like it just gets busier the more you go up there but there's like here and you come back here yes it's kind of whatever but I'm sure there's more paths up here see beer bottles and stuff I hate that that's this human remains it's the worst remains for the environment I don't know I don't think there's much more up there because it gets kind of busy but over there and you got some more ducks and I'm sure if I went to that side there would be a lot more up there and that's kind of where the train is to so I'm not sure about up there a little bridge and I'm not going to explore it anymore but they are doing works up here too so and a lot of this has been developing they just been putting in these things recently so like these new weight machines or whatever they are on other fitness things fitness stations I think they call them and in the playgrounds and basketball court yeah some of this has been here but a lot of its new especially the ones further down I think I think for here they have some type of forest plant. I don't know what all these plants are but they're shutting it all off and showing that they want it to grow before people start exploring in there so it will be interesting how that turns out. See that goes all the way around so they're doing a lot of work here.

I'm sure this will eventually become a very very awesome area. Hmm. The house that I live in, it's a unit, so there's two of them, and the owner's trying to sell it. He's trying to sell it for $465,000, and the neighbors and John, my roommate, is saying, no, that's way too much. But, you know, being right down, like, walking, like,

he just walked 200, 100 meters like nothing, you're right there, so I don't know, maybe I'll talk to John. It's really quiet down this way and there is a retirement village at the end and it blocks off all traffic from anywhere, so you can't get through anywhere on our streets, so it's pretty dead except people going to the park, which people don't even realize that because it's just happening. at all this space on such a quiet street they're eventually going to learn how to utilize the land and I think they're going to do it in a good way I'm hoping because it looks like it has to do with reservation which would be really awesome this was just put here this whole area is prime real estate and and I don't think people know it yet. What events could you hold here?

Oh, that's right, there's nowhere to park. I am sure one day they will fix that. And always the ethical question remains as to how to dispose of our waste.

We as humans create a lot of waste, and we just bury it. If I can find beauty in my backyard, then why should I leave? I think the coolest thing that I learned in philosophy is that soft drugs are pretty cool. When you have neglected to see, it shows us all how to be free.

We are locked within the chasms of the cave, our necks bound to look forward, and before us stone, with light shed upon it, on the stone we see shadows, shadows doing a little dance for us to see, being this way since childhood, this is what reality is to us, We know no other, but sometimes our chains loosen and through our sheer strife we break free from them. Our necks now unbound, we turn back to look at the fire behind us which has cast light upon the stone before us. In front of the fire are captors doing a dance, making shadow puppets for us to see in imitation of what they are doing, hiding the real intentions behind their acts. As we struggle to free ourselves from our shackles, we slide out and we see this has been done to all of our peers beside us, cubicled off into office jobs, and blue-collar workers, and white-collar workers, and social stratifications.

We slip ourselves past our oppressors and slide out of the cave, and before us the sun rises and our eyes hurt and we fall to the ground and when we return to consciousness when our eyes adjust the cloud now over the Sun what was real the shadows are the representations in which create the shadows are their representations which create us as shadows. Is not every individual a representation of its whole? Do we not identify Guinness and species to determine classification? What is real? Is the thing in itself real or is the

methodology in order to classify it real. How are we to think about the matrix? There's been multiple times throughout my travels in which I did what Job did and that was to tear my robe and to cut off all my hair and there's been multiple times throughout my journeys that I've done that because of spiritual reasons and you get to see some of those and it's so hard to come back because it takes so long and I hate it. Human resources, information technology, graphic design, web design, programming, mathematics, but it wouldn't work very well with me.

It's like any field in which I want to apply it with management or even ethical fields. Really any job you can think of, maybe I'll have to do a little bit of certification in order to enter, It enables me to look good for any job in which I desire to apply for. And if I do a short certification in order to get into that field, then I'll be at the top already, pretty much. Life is what you make it, dear girl.

I am a man who went from rags to riches.

Look at my riches. they are abundant and i can't wait to share them with you i can always do my hair cute for you in different ways what am i am i sexy am i cute am i beautiful uh if anybody actually watches this tell me what you think in the comments above or to the right or don't at all or like you know get off your computer and do something with your life like carry a camera around and record your life and your thoughts and how you come to the conclusions that you do it's good fun I wonder why you as the viewer clicked to watch this episode was it because you saw me it was it your attraction to my looks which enabled you to click the button were you aware of its content did I do a good job in baiting you in have I accomplished my task not necessarily episode but just the first time you clicked on a video of me did Did you do it because of how I look or did you do it because of the content that was being being suggested in it like you know where is the comments like so you know how I'll make a comment a description about the video like and then creating a name for the video is all not very easy work like how can I describe what I'm doing here but I think I call it reverse brainwashing, and I'm very proud of my methodology. I worked a very long time on it, so I hope you enjoy. People are always like, oh, did you perform in anything that I would know?

And I'm like, no, no, no. And all of this, let's think back to the cave, because once I exited the cave and began to understand the world in which was in front of me on a deeper level by merely attempting to survive under such conditions, I then developed a formula to enable other captives who I shared tendency with to be able to free themselves from their own shackles because all they keep seeing is their shadows. So, like, how am I going to come and try to convince my comrades to take this medicine because this is the best medicine? And why is it such an important issue, why would I spend my entire life doing this if there weren't big reasons behind that?

Okay, so the performance in which you receive the integration of the scenes, the methodology to employ this content to you is is all an attempt to try to shake you from your slumber and help you to see what is truly around you because we're blinded because the shadows in front of us they move around and we receive these papers of celebrities and and we follow these trends and the TV directs us in a certain way there's there's something much greater that's outside of that like in getting stuck in that mindset is not a good thing for our collective consciousness and if we want to grow and if we want to evolve as beings then we gotta start acting and we gotta start playing the parts that we were given and We might not necessarily have a choice as to the vessel in which employs it, but we can refine that vessel to be as good as possible and then play that part in which it was given to its full potential. and once we obtain that light then we become perfect individuals and and then we can soar we can soar in the clouds like this is open source university and and I lost the website I had OSUni.org and and the cops were all over that so I got rid of the website and then someone else bought it out but this is an ideal this isn't a website so this is how we employ open source education and if we all just learn how to brainwash ourselves a little bit in order to perform the optimal outcome not only for ourselves and those closest to us but also the entire world then maybe one day we will see a revolution and then we can start becoming responsible human beings who take care of not only our planet but also each other and that would be really awesome let's free education to everybody and make it fun and you know this this should be the new TV why are we doing this crappy TV like why do we how many special effects do I need and like how long can I go without a cut you know I started all this doing um no cuts so just doing like you know 55 minute an hour long lectures so like what is character you know we have to frame these situations over long periods the time and and they had to have makeup on and they have to look a certain way and they like you know look at our lives we can be like doing a lot of really fun things like like we don't have to conform to that type of media um and it really makes me sad how much money we spend on these stupid productions which increased uh increased little value if any um to our our real life so you know what are we watching why can't we just all be making cool stuff like this you know if I if I found someone like me that was making cool stuff like this I would so follow them that I would be a fanboy so like why aren't we doing this and why am I the only one that's like smart enough or stupid enough to do it and I guess we'll see how it all goes I really want it to go viral and that's what I'm trying for and that's why I'm advertising because I want this to go viral because it'd be really awesome like we could all become really cool people if this went viral. So since it's the ideal that's being conveyed, Open Source University is portable, so all it's going to be is a database, and that's a database of other people who I find out there who are doing a similar thing to me, and I'll put them on the teachers list of Open Source University and I will be the one to distribute that database. But anyone's welcome to tell me what they're doing and if it's like this then I'll put you on the database which can then link to from people to the Open Source University section of the website be directed to you and it would be free service and you can't charge for your videos so yeah if you want you can put ads on your videos and if people like it enough then they'll sit through those ads whenever they come up but they don't come up all the time so it's not like like I'm not gonna do ads unless I find a girl and then I'll do ads try to get a little bit of money but but you do that too do whatever you want it's your production and you can form it in any way that you want so that's the ideal and I don't think it'll work because I'm still the only one really doing this but if I find others who want to be on that database, then that would be awesome.

There is someone, like Michael Levy, he plays Lyre, and he's really, really good with it. He can do rhythm now with it, to make like drums, like the echo from the tortoiseshell. He's really, really good with it, but he doesn't really, he teaches music, so he's not really sharing his life like I'm doing, but he's doing something similar. So maybe I should put him on the open source university database link.

And the thing is that I'm promoting open source university, but the thing is that this is open source education. So you can be whatever you want and still be under open source education, but you just got to create your own university or something like that, you know, like we'll play with these structures and we'll compete and we'll see who can get better teachers. and in that way that people have a variety and of course you know Open Source University I'm going to want to have like pretty unique characters to be successful because that's the way that Open Source University wants to be directed but the thing is I'm just a crazy guy who's saying things that would be awesome if people did it but the thing is probably no one's gonna do it so Like, the database is me. Like, this is what you're getting. This is open source. I am open source university until

someone else decides they want to join. Join. Like, it's not joining. It's just doing your own thing. I don't care what you do. Like, just teach through your own life, and

have a heart and care about the people who you teach to, and that's all I want to try to trend. Like, you know, if we did open source education so if people you know who knew a lot about certain topics if they just you know stood up and made videos like I'm doing now and and then release those and then we could like have whole courses and courses so like you have so many opportunities at universities to choose from which would all be free and Maybe at first certification wouldn't be recognized, but over time those structures would develop and then they would challenge the notion that they can't be successful in rearing, helping young minds develop into mature adults who can be of great benefit to society. So this is why I'm saying it's all going to take a lot of time because they're not going to say, like, you have to have, like, no, who approves of me? No one approves of me. Do I give a crap? Crap factor? None. But the thing is, like, I'm supposed to in society, like, and I can't get anywhere, so I'm stuck, you know, making, holding this camera. That's practical wisdom. Did I do it right? And to be honest, I would have it no other way.

The only other way I would have it would be if it was my girl holding the camera. It's a very private thing for me and I get into some deep topics sometimes and sometimes it's really funny and the world doesn't know. Then I watch my work and I watch what I do and I'm like, oh crap, that was really cool. Most of my productions have always really hurt me because I had to go through lots of psychological trauma in order to come to the results.

to the results. But the thing is, I kind of went through it all on camera. All that stuff that you don't have because the cops didn't like it, that's because that was all me breaking down and now I've broken down so much I can't. There's only up to go and I'm just taking it as a game. It's all a game. How can I play this character which is presented in front

of me? How can I utilize these conscious moments in order to produce a good outcome? What outcome do I want? Is it worth it? Is being alone but producing content like this and only being

able to produce content like this because I'm psychologically wired, wrong to interact with social communities because my thoughts go over what they consider normal and then that kind of freaks them out. So then I get isolated, socially isolated and as a coping mechanism I then do this with the camera. If you're hurting out there and you're struggling in life and you want to learn how to flip your life around, and I'm telling you it's going to take a while and it's going to be a long and a hard process, but get a camera if you don't have one like this little handy cam and get a good zoom with it and then start doing this. You'll learn your psychology in and out and you'll face all your demons in that process But as a result, like, you'll take over the world, you'll be awesome, like, and then you'll be, you know, and doing that process will help a lot of people who experience and are in similar situations that you have been in and you are, or you are and then deal with on camera and then you're no longer in those situations because you deal with them.

And, you know, like, this is the first TV show that I've done where I've been really happy and thought it was really cool and really funny. All the other ones, like, they were really, really scary. And I know I've even dived into some really difficult topics in this one. And, you know, how I presented it. Did I present it good enough?

But, yeah, like, and what's going to happen with all this? Is it stupid? like is nothing going to happen like is no one going to care like is me going beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep is that like is it all for nothing I don't know some people mistake my arguments as rants but if you carefully examine their premises they perfectly align to a conclusion if Australia lets me get away with all of this then I am proud to be an Australian. Sometimes when America does things like legalize gay marriage and legalize cannabis then I am also proud to be American. Two cultures in which I was a part of none but eventually I broke my

cocoon. I came out of mine late so you could come out of yours early. The landlord won't allow dogs. That's Jenna. That's Taka. That was my star. How

How awesome would she have been on camera? I'm Ichitaka. So I have poured out my heart and given you the whole story. Now where does that leave me?

I am alone. This is my portrait. Family. Complications of the past.

friends, mostly on the internet, but some good ones in real life as well, romantic other nil. Each day waiting for the email. Why don't you want to play my game? It is really fun.

I call it life, although the copyright actually belongs to some other game. I could plait your hair anytime you wanted and maybe you could teach me how to braid. Is what I idealize impossible? I would love to hear everything about you.

I pray for the day that I can divert my attention from the camera to you.

Okay, so that little stream out there, that can be Scamander.

See, girl, you fixed me. Just every time I start thinking down, I divert right back to you. So, like, you healed my heart. Thank you.

It would be the chance of a lifetime to be with me. People like me rarely show themselves in society. Then I come out and lay my ideals of grandeur upon you. If my philosophy fails in my real life, that doesn't mean that my philosophy has failed.

my philosophy isn't dependent on me succeeding at employing my own philosophy when my philosophy is taking chances anyway. So I've said on multiple occasions, I'm all in. So I realized that just by adhering to my own philosophy that I was taking chances in not being able to find that girl and ending up spending the rest of my life alone but what if haunted me so I searched the world for you the aspect which I have lacked in all of my work is a backup plan since all of this is no easy ask for any girl I wish to appease the gods. I wish to promote and proclaim their names throughout my productions and in doing so I wish to give reverence for the one true God in which, in which, I don't know, what did it create?

Like, this is kind of a weird world. Yeah, whatever did that. Thanks.

Plato's Allegory of the Cave teaches us a lesson in how we are to perceive what is in front of us. And if we can learn to understand the representations, then we can try to look behind them and see how those representations were cast in the first place. And that kind of applies to all aspects of our lives, including our media, so if you look at what our media feeds you, and the repetitive mind states in which it induces into you, and the commercials, and how it talks to you, you'll learn a lot. So I'm the exception, always the exception.

Remember the Langoliers.

I am just a vessel that is receiving data and then having to make decisions how to interpret that data and then release it. Maybe much of that data gets corrupted by how I interpret, but that data is not coming from me. I had this since childhood, which is why I turned out the way I did. I would have these sense perceptions in which I could utilize to make judgments about the world and many things within the world that is forced upon the populace isn't very good at all.

How is pop culture any good? Do you get to learn about the individuals which you idolize? If not, then why not? And if they want to open up about their private lives to you, then why should you idolize them?

Happens a lot. I don't know what I say when I say it, and then I review the footage and go, what the crap? That's genius. How can we talk about the spirit, dear? This is where it's at. There is something that's going on that is outside of our control.

There's reasons why I'm taking these actions. There are things happening within the world that we are both unaware of and this is all leading up to something in which is really important for human civilization. I am compelled by a higher power to bring you this. My past was intrinsically designed to bring you this. I am only a product of myself, but what made me do the things that I did was beyond my control.

Destiny is calling, girl. It's time to play your part. You've been working very hard in life to get to where you are now. Now let us together take over the world.

I think that I would suit the mad scientist or the evil genius in this whole life equation. I don't have to be the good guy.

It's awesome being vegetarian. Yum, yum, yum, yum.

Iboring. I said in my last episode that if a girl was 16 or 17, it would be complicated, but here's the deal. I won't date anybody unless they're over 18, but you can always be my friend, I guess, if you want. And if you turn of age and you're interested in pursuing a relationship with me, then I guess all is fair in love and war.

And when I find her, please let that be that. Please don't come after me because my heart then belongs to another. But I will leave these videos active to demonstrate what every good girl should want in a guy. And if that happens, I hope that our future fruits entertain you immensely.

Our philosophical journeys will bring us from Earth to Heaven. from body to mind from internal to external from macro can you see anything is this recorder even good enough no it just proves the point to micro i think it most appropriate for any girl who wishes to romantically pursue me to first become my friend and not push on me straight away that she is Ivory, so if we could just, you know, be friends and get to know each other and, you know, do things like normal people do. Sorry, I go over the top in my films, but I got a certain amount of artistic expression that I'm allowed to convey. Yeah, I speak bollocks though cuz doing this film and all this like none of this has ever attracted anyone to me So I threw out these situations in which don't exist and never will

It's that last one. We have to talk about it sometime but This concept of tabula rasa an empty page also thought of as a blank slate I wonder if you have a demon or if I was the only one who is cursed in our separation it makes me take chances press record buttons press submit buttons that I probably shouldn't have One day our Father, who art in heaven, will return. But until then, let's just watch the fireworks together. I have found a crack in the fabric of time and space and have utilized it to keep me young. Hidden in the seams of what was real unfolded its blueprints before me.

An ancient alien artifact presented itself to me from outside of time and space, and over time it taught me how to use it, and its only condition for use was to teach others how to use it as well. It was not a tangible object. It was a tune. It was a way of existing. It was the fountain of youth.

I mostly want to share it with my lover, but I'm also doing this to share it with everybody else as well.

Because the world which exists is the world that I created for you, which is documentary evidence of the fact happening. Everywhere I go I create new documentaries of my life Maybe I have a few screws loose But I have it together where it counts I know what I am doing is right Only made possible by Horsey Click to the left to give your money away in return for merchandise or click to the right to give your money away for free for a compassionate cause.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



12-My-Dating-Profile-Episode-06-New-World-Order

Let's map it.

Hestia.

Roman equivalent Vesta.

The hearth will be our center point and our first offering.

This is what happened to it yesterday.

I'm going to see if I can fix it. Maybe one day I'll bring a hammer out here. It's a pretty cool spot up here, eh? like I don't know how much you can see but yeah it's been it's not really all that secure here I have to be careful I put my weight on more than one plank it's kind of high up and you can see like it's pretty dirty this place kind of needs a little bit of lovin this place is very tranquil therefore I will call it Mount Olympus where the gods and goddesses gather to counsel. Last episode

we have already identified Scamander. Let us butt heads with Descartes mind body split. Let us fight Cartesian dualism. Is there some type of spiritual essence behind everything? Is not the plants and the birds and the waters all a part of

of my own environment and am I not just as much of a contributing member of it as it is and this thought back to the I being something individual and something special that's outside of the entire contributing system is they're not guides behind the skies and the clouds when we get them. They're not a spiritual essence behind the animals which exist in my environment and aren't we kind of one ecosystem together? It's called animism. The purple flower goddess. The Wendel god. The god of agility. And if I am to evolve from animism

into anthropomorphism. How am I to ascribe characteristics to my world? I think we can already see Apollo. We renew our energies. Aries or Mars is the training ground. It is

the heart of the fight. So by anthropomorphizing those simple animistic elements into a character, a personification which is like yourself, it kind of gives you a cool character creation process to go through and as we walk we get to Demeter our series and that is the fertile soil in which we plant our investments hmm who could the birds be maybe mercury pretty bird pretty bird sometimes it It takes time, sometimes, sometimes it takes time to ascribe the correct characteristics. And we kind of always have to evolve it anyway, so those change depending on where we go and what we experience. Of course, how we interpret divine manifestations within the world will change depending on your environment.

Hades or Pluto may you rest in peace it takes particular environmental conditions for some gods and goddesses to show themselves and even though we can draw up a map there's no guarantee as to how accurate that map truly is but in time that map will refine itself to demonstrate what it truly is you just had to start somewhere to map it out for now Poseidon will remain our hydration also known as Neptune Einstein's point of relativity has really turned a lot of our thinking around because everything's always in relation to its perspective and there's no way that we've been able to really get around this. Descartes stumbled upon the eye for a reason, evolution baby, to wake it up. But once it has woken from its slumber, once it has stretched its limbs, it needs to take responsibility for its past actions. It needs to stand up against all forms of oppression.

It needs to stand up for what it is and what it means to be, what it means to exist. What does it mean to live a life? I'm showing you what it means to live a life. Like, what everybody else is doing, like, that would be a sad way to go.

It's a duplex. I'm such an idiot. What is the meaning of human life? Is there something special about humans because they can ask that question?

Because of the beings in which we know to exist, Only humans can construct meaning in that fashion and be able to understand what you're talking about. Is meaning merely a human construct?

If I pick up the leash, the dog will think and want to go for a walk. But can I persuade the dog to think about walking without actually initiating a desire to walk?

Ivory, tell me what it's like to walk. How does it feel? What muscles have to do what? Do you think about it?

Do you think about what you're doing? Did you think about it? What was the process like? Like, now do you just do it? Like, why do you do it? Like, we all do it for a reason. I ponder. I ponder a lot when I walk, and I'm pretty agile so I can, you know, just walk around. Like, why do we walk? Why don't we ask ourselves these questions? Why do we overlook the questions in which are right in front of us?

and why do we think that pointing them out is pointing out what is self-evident when we didn't consider that to begin with. What about thinking? How does that feel? What's that like trying to think?

Is that hard? What comes up there? Is there lines of thought that get obstructed or trying to build upon foundations like creating a pyramid? What type of analogies can you come up for thinking? Are we like a machine,

like a calculator to some extent? Are we a program that's implemented onto the world? Is our DNA just injected into the programming veins of the world, the matrix? Are we just biological creatures which perceive and then learn from perceiving over time and then make you know better judgments from those perceptions over time and pretty much learn how to cope with our environment through the use of that or what about thinking so what about just the act of thinking about thinking. So what does it feel like to think about thinking?

Or if I want to think about me thinking about thinking, how does that make you feel? Like how far can we think about the process of the process, when the process is thinking about the process and how far can that help us iron out our methodological thought processes. From micro to macro, from res kagitan to res. So Einstein's point was if you're on a train and you're playing ping pong on a train and And then the guy serves at whatever and how fast is that ball actually traveling when you're on the train and the train is going a certain speed as well and the earth is rotating at a certain distance and a certain speed and everything is relative and we're rotating around the sun at a certain speed, and our galaxy is tied up somewhere doing something with other galaxies, you know, so like everything is always relative.

Connects them all. Dear Princess, I wish my findings to report to you were more positive in nature, but unfortunately nothing can be further from the truth. The situation is dire here. The people are in panic, they're unsure of their existence, and they're placed in menial jobs in which they then employ repetitively for long hours at a time.

And this exploitation, although they see it as doing their part in society, in the long term is affecting them. And as a result of their oppression they fling out and do some wild music and go to parties on the weekend and drink and medicate themselves and their role models most of the time aren't of a positive nature and ultimately have very little to teach them and aren't connected to them on a personal level have no personal attachments to them this is a strange planet which I have been assessing for 31 years now and I have a lot of findings to tell you and and I'm awaiting your orders my dear because I can't take the throne of daddy until you take yours be my queen I would teach you everything that you needed to know in order to make a utopian society and I would give you all the pieces in order to do it and all you would have to do is do it. Be the face of the future of philosophy please my dear. Philosophy is everything that's important to me in life please darling be my philosophy whether or not I'm deluded is irrelevant the fact still remains whether a girl wants me worshipping her like this or not I know when you were young you prayed to God for your fairy tale ending miracles it doesn't matter if my philosophy is wrong the results still produce this content and that's what's important and if there's a girl who's receptive to me being psychologically wired in this way then she could play with me and I would have fun I would have fun with that we could play with the world shape it the potter and the clay. If God is my potter and I am its clay, and I am the potter of the camera, what is

its clay? And what reflections do I show if I am in God? And what reflections in my work show if I am in God as well and so what is inherited through these passing on of different types of res cogitans, res extensa, different types of phenomena whether internal or external. between layers of existence, communication pathways from one nature to another, how do we breach on the subject of going from one ideological perspective of existence to another and how can those elements interact with each other and even work in a type of homeostasis together.

Solipsism is the view that nothing is real outside of your own mind. So all that you can count on is your own mind. and whatever that existence is outside of it is true factor is is not what you perceive it is not what is true so at the the end of the day with that line of thinking is that nothing is true and you can't count on anything so look into a well and keep looking keep looking you might fall into it. Are other people real? This whole Truman Show type understanding. Am I just

putting on a play for non-player characters? So tabula rasa and my mind is a blank slate. That still doesn't account for my genetics which also impede on my mind because those genetic dispositions then affect my mind so those interconnect as well. So it's not just that I've got a blank slate for my mind because that is determined by my genetic makeup and what I can become in life really.

Like sorry, you know, some of us are genetically disposed in certain ways and others aren't. And the thing is that you can then accentuate your beauty if you just learn how. So if you've been given a worse hand than others physically then you can just use your positive characteristics and accentuate them and that way the ugliness is beautified from of the flowers that we planted so like my teeth you know and like I say that a lot but I keep coming back to it and I really like my teeth even though like the screwed upness of them kind of make them beautiful. Argue this with me if you want but I think that only some people are genetically equipped to comprehend this information.

Nietzsche called them the few. Where does one who is isolated from society go to find a relationship? A club? A pub? Like, these are our options?

What, church? Like, really? Seriously? a dating website what if that person has special needs I'll show you what it's like growing up am I sweet or pathetic I know I am asking a lot in a girl being Messiah is no easy task what is it that I provide in a relationship I would 100 percent support you to lead our younger generation to the promised land. God has

promised and has sent me here to ensure delivery. Just as I said before, my philosophy is not dependent on me successfully employing it for it to remain valid. And even though my own story might not turn out as per plan, as was Jesus, this is to show the archetypal image of what man can be if man strives to be like God. And And I am only one example of the many who can come, who can realize their own potential and their own connectedness to the spiritual realm.

The human species is in an evolutional stage of coming to its realization. Can you see? If I perform spiritual practices for all of my life devotely, and through the experiences of those spiritual practices come to very different conclusions than the orthodox perspective, then am I wrong in my collection of comprehensions in which I obtained through those spiritual practices? If my own understanding has determined these practices to be of most benefit to the soul, then should I not be allowed to practice them and also teach others to practice them, if that's what they want does that make me a cult leader does that make me a danger to society in my community development unit i have to do a funding proposal how can horsey take this to its advantage what about a workshop to teach youth how to easily make documentaries It's very difficult to align all of these things I'm doing.

It's very difficult to create a career with what I've been given. I know that I say that I'm shy in front of big groups, but that's only true if I'm not leading them. Can I convince the government to fund my existence in return for teaching the youth how to rebel against them? By teaching the youth how to take responsibility for the future of the human civilization.

How far can we push the boundaries of documentary filmmaking? filmmaking. What are its possibilities when it is biographical? See how cool a documentary is? See, I documented that this morning I did this and I have to do this. I'll never

forget. Camera. Let's do this thing. No good will probably come from this, but at some point we have to start standing up for who we are as people. It doesn't matter so much how old you

are if you want to be my friend and you're going to or you are doing philosophy at university then you should contact me and we should be friends. The people who we choose to surround us in this life will determine our future capabilities. At first I was weary of who I should allow to contact me but at the end of the day anybody should be able to contact me so if you want to contact me it doesn't matter who you are or what your age is or anything like contact me if that's what's pulling on your heart like who cares yeah if you're under 18 you can't date me but if you're close then you can always change that when Kronos says my ideal lover would value our friendship first and foremost in the relationship. It sucks how we even have to talk about age restrictions because that's been implemented by society so people like me can't find what they want. If people chose their careers later in life, it wouldn't matter so much. So my task in life is

to find my girl before she decides what she wants to do and convince her that philosophy is the best path. If need be, I will wait patiently for you. I knew no other way to find my girl. I am conflicted whether or not I would date a girl who is under 18.

I definitely wouldn't have sex, but, you know, if we could talk about the future and potential and, you know, begin a relationship in which would develop as we aged and to marriage, then, you know, I'm idealizing crap because it probably won't ever happen. Anyways, we have found a soft gray spot, and if you don't fall under the criterion of the latter, then maybe you should try anyway, if that's what you want. We never know what is possible until we try. Thanks, Athena.

Maybe I am deluded, but if I found her, I'd be the happiest man in the world. I carefully analyzed my needs and I need someone who studies philosophy and I need someone who's beautiful for the camera and who wants to make productions with me for the rest of our lives. So, you know, how am I going to find that? Do not film so that you can be understood, but so that you cannot be misunderstood.

Just an archetypal image of a divine relationship, which can be applied to anybody with these gifts.

Maybe your society considers it seedy, but God doesn't. Are people their own age better for them?

Well, considering most people don't partner up until their late 20s permanently, that would be a no. Maybe I should give up. I've been failing at doing this for a very long time. In between four and five years of doing this, not a single interested girl has ever contacted me.

I think doing this screws me up a lot mentally, because I never see any results from it, and my entire life revolves around trying to find her, so it's like I'm putting in all of my effort into trying to make this type of relationship happen possible, but it doesn't do any good anyway, so why am I doing it?

Maybe I misjudged females, assuming that they had a moral compass built into them. Acceptance. Rejection of the truth. Do you want me to be really open? I really hoped she was 15, 16, or 17.

Can you see the truth?

Tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tock, tick, tock, tick, tock, tick, tock, tick, tock. If assisted suicide was legal in this country, I would have already taken that option. I'm always conflicted because I do believe in the divine manifestations which proclaim themselves in my films. but then I guess I question them because I don't see their results.

Maybe all of my work stands as a reason why not to take philosophy and not why one should take philosophy. It all could have worked if I had a way to effectively advertise. It was a genius plan. Only society wasn't ready for it. Even though I failed, maybe in the future, other people like me may have the opportunity because I did this.

maybe ivory is destined to only be imaginary and maybe I'll just spend the rest of my life talking to my imaginary girlfriend on camera I could be like 60 years old and be like ivory I love you ivory I love you ivory what a sad life only made possible by God. Thanks, God. Maybe I will continue to age slowly, but the facts always override the perception of those facts.

Maybe my portrait belongs in the police station.

Why did God do this to me? I followed God through every step from the beginning, since childhood, and every step of the way, I consoled the heavens in order to determine my next step.

Now I don't have a next step. After this TV show, I'm not sure what to do. I can't just keep on releasing material because that's going to take a girl a long time to go through and I don't want to overload a girl with content.

Despite my genius, maybe I am destined to accomplish nothing in this life. Almost every romantic relationship in which I have been exposed to has been extremely dysfunctional. And I have taken extreme measures to avoid having that happen to me. And maybe my problem is I think that people don't want dysfunctional relationships.

But maybe deep down they really do and that's what they seek for. So maybe I'm just the odd one out that's looking for, you know, a relationship in which we don't have to be angry at each other and be mad at each other and be at each other's throats. And, you know, I want a harmonious relationship.

So I can't end my own life because I don't have the balls to, and Australia doesn't allow assisted suicide. So what does that mean for the rest of my life? can't get rid of ivory tattoos to my heart nor can I change her still convinced that she's actually a real person in the world maybe I will start on my character creation process as an old man now before theorizing what type creepy old man I will likely become. First let us speak on the subject of my Lolita complex and how I acquired that. Throughout all of my childhood I always

idealized finding someone when I was young and she was young and then growing up growing older with her and us developing together us going through the different stages of our life together and that's what I kind of did but then it all went haywire when she left me usually Hermes or mercury is a high spot but there's as you can see there's not really any distinguishing high spots around here so this will be Hermes slash mercury for very good reasons I just wanted to experience the developmental stages of our human emotions romantically with someone for the rest of our lives like so all the stages in which we go through as we age I wanted to share that with someone special yeah kind of am physically attracted to younger girls sorry they haven't yet corrupted their souls and they have so much potential in this life if they could only see I want to show them, and not just my ivory, all of them. One way this place can't compare to the wilderness is its lack of wildlife, which kind of sucks. I wonder what I will be like as an old man if I don't find my girl, which, you know, I don't, like, it's pretty, it's pretty obvious that I probably won't like what am I gonna be like yeah this is my tattoo like it's all you know stretched and it looks funny you probably won't be able to understand it see it read it yeah that's my girl yeah she's imaginary you know I've been making videos to her for 50 years now. I don't know. At what age do I fail and at what age do I give up? The

relationship in which I propose is divine. You don't fuck with God. This one will be called Hephaestus or Vulcan because it tempers children into God's warriors maybe I failed and maybe I will become a creepy old man but what does that leave me to do from now until then I will love my girl my catharsis with all my strength and all my mind and all my heart for all is fair in love and war can you imagine how hard it is for me to say this to the entire world how much is it worth to me my entire life do as you will and think what you will but I'm not gonna stop no matter what can you even begin to imagine what doing this has done to my life and it will all be worth it if I find her and if I don't it was still worth it to God because God says yes to these types of relationships. Maybe society says no, but what did we learn last episode? Fuck you. And even if

I don't find her, if I pave the way for others in the future too, then all of my goals would have been accomplished. If my entire life only serves to incite people to question their socially indoctrinated understandings, then my life would have been a success. Maybe this is true, but hope also opens up doors for people in the future do you want to know why because I was always attracted to girls growing up and when I got older it didn't go away but it didn't matter because I found what I wanted and then she dumped my ass so I When I was 24, newly single, I thought, hey, I could just teach a girl philosophy, and she would fall in love with me because of my personality and because of philosophy. I could romance her not only into me, but also philosophy, and that would be awesome.

And you know, at 24, it's not too weird finding a girl at 17 or 18 or something. So yeah, I could do that, and I did, and no one was interested. Six years later, it's starting to get creepy. But I guess I am what I am and I must play the role which was given to me to my best ability.

Maybe I made the era with Chloe for a reason, to show me that I couldn't exist like that and to some degree I had to make myself a parent to girls all I want to do is reach their eyes and they can make their decisions for themselves but the society in which I live in doesn't give me access to do that and that's the whole reason I wanted to move I need to figure out how to advertise to my target audience So here I am, not only admitting my pedophile nature, but also promoting it to the world as a divine consummation which is blessed by God. I am not talking about having sex with a child. What I am speaking of is a wise man with a younger adult coming together to become one. What is an adult?

When one's body, mind, and spirit are ready for reproduction, that constitutes an adult. If I obtain the relationship in which I am seeking, can you imagine what our kids would be like? They'd be the best. Arthur Schopenhauer suggested that we seek what we lack in a romantic other, and when those two entities come together and produce children, then those children will obtain a greater array of abilities.

The task of every individual is to become immortal.

Maybe I am doing that through video, but our natural propensities tries to do that with children. And then those children have children, and that way, in a certain way, we live on because our bloodline lives on. I would never molest a child, and I think anyone who insinuates that needs to get their head out of the gutter.

Yes, this includes my mother, the wound that carried you. Bang. If you are my ivory, please do not overthink about how much I have gone through in order to reach you. Because, girl, when I find you, it's all worth it.

Contact me. Wendell, W-E-N-D-E-L-L, at NeSmith, that's N-E-S-M-I-T-H, dot net. Wendell, W-E-N-D-E-L-L, at NeSmith, that's N-E-S-M-I-T-H, dot net. Waiting for ya.

And if I never find you, then I'll continue looking and being the creepy guy that I am. And maybe one day I would reach your eyes in generations to come. Yes, it is true. I lost my family in your name.

But if I find you, you are the only family that I need, our family.

And if I never find you, if all of my actions have been in vain, then I regret nothing. Because if by Zeus, what God has said to me is true, then there is no greater honor than training our future Messiah. Maybe I am deluded, but what if I am not? What if everything that I have said is true?

Are there any geishas who want to stand up and lead our youth to the promised land? Don't worry about the adults. They had their chance. And at the end of the day, that truth value is irrelevant.

Because if I ever found a girl who wanted to be this, then welcome to our new society. I call it the New World Order, brought to you by Horsey. Nay! Don't forget to revolve your life around consumerism, which you can do by clicking left, right, up, down, or subscribing to Tom Cruise.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



12-My-Dating-Profile-Episode-07-The-Daimon-Within

For many years, I have tried my best to hold it together, to stay sane in an insane world. But because of my fixation being someone who doesn't exist and the constant taunting of the world for that fact, I no longer think I can hold it together. So let me prepare for my older years being a creepy old man and let me begin to snap and I hope I create an insane person who's pretty cool. Gotta stop thinking about girls. Gotta stop thinking about girls potentially being ivory. Gotta stop expecting, hoping that there is a real life ivory out there.

Gotta just fixate on the fake Ivory and be happy that I have her.

This means that there is no one now that I have to please. So I can just do anything I want. And I feel like doing this. What does that mean?

I don't know. I don't give a crap. Maybe I'm just zooming on random stuff. Why not just zooming on random stuff?

So, whatever. It doesn't matter. I'm zooming in on a light now. I don't care if people are annoyed that I'm zooming in on a light or, you know, what's the meaning?

Like, can you compare this with another video and then say which one has more meaning? Like, just by me doing random stuff, I still extract more meaning from the world than any of the pop culture crap you guys have. For the most part, even throughout all the psychiatric wards, I remained sane. I can't do it anymore.

What does it mean to be sane anyway? I only have a few friends in this life, and I don't speak to my family, nor do they speak to me.

How appropriate. The show which obtains me my philosophy degree turns me insane. Hello. Hello.

Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello.

Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello.

Hello. Hello. Hello. Friends forever.

Yay. I got lots of friends. Who? Ivory.

Who? Ivory. Who? Ivory. Who? What is sanity worth when it incurs the oppression of society? My videos were to Ivory as a real person, but I can no longer emotionally handle that.

So, now I will make my videos to Ivory, the one in my head.

There is no real girl for me, and it took me a long time to be able to accept this.

But now that I have finally accepted that, it changes the dynamics, because now I don't make this for anyone except a fictional girl in my head and that means that there is absolutely no one that I'm trying to please or even like you know if she's in my head then why would I have to publish it online which I will but but only to screw with society like she's lost. Keep getting older. Try to help the world. Keep posting crazy videos which open people's minds if they watch it. Maybe I could not care if people watch it. Maybe I could not spend any

more money on advertising and just have a whole bunch of videos with hardly any people that watch them. I wouldn't really care. It was all for you anyway. It means it doesn't matter. It means

all the girls that are out there in the world are off of my radar anyway. And I should stop. One thing, I should stop trying to secure a relationship. I should just do crap. I was

about to say shit, but maybe I should say shit. I should just do random shit. I try to logically connect everything. Try to make interfaces in which could be understandable and receptable by the world. Even though it's not mainstream media, maybe I failed, but maybe I shouldn't

care and I should just do whatever the crap I feel like. The only thing that I care about in this world is Ivory and maybe now that I have accepted that she is fictional I will be able to work with that and not worry about girls. I've always labeled myself as a demisexual which is a romantic asexual so if that's the case then I should be able to go through life without another they're missing out and I guess now that if she has no real existence then I don't have to keep moving around but the thing is is I will because I don't have a home and I don't have a family and I don't have people in my life that need me so I guess I'll continue doing that but I'll no longer stress about it because it's not so important wherever I end up I end up instead of wherever I end up, I need to find her, it'll be just, you know, I'm here, whatever. She was created out of my own insecurities, both with being abandoned and not having family supports and wanting her to be all that and help me create a family in which loved me, needed me, cared about me and in which I could invest my life into, in which did not repeat the same eras as my own family. I really really really really love her. Let's try to develop

why am I saying let's because it's only me. I'm going to try and develop a way in which I can go crazy, and it actually be somewhat beneficial to my life. If Ivory's the only thing that I care about in this world, and I'm disconnected from her, then that's going to cause me pain all the time, and it does. So, how can I reposition this?

Maybe coming to accept that Ivory's a figment of my imagination, then I have her with me all the time and there's no longer that disconnection. It feels very sad to give up on one's dreams, but at the end of the day it's not going to matter any because I'm still going to release videos and I'm still going to keep doing this and it's all going to be for Ivory. And maybe the only alteration is that the ivory has no real manifestation. But the thing is, it wouldn't matter because if, you know, by Zeus, she was real, then she would still find me.

So maybe I'm just trying to slant my psychology in order to be able to cope with not having her and maybe in that process if I'm lucky I will obtain her but I can't bank on that and I shouldn't even think about that it shouldn't even concern me I shouldn't worry about girls Wendell no no more thinking about girls would this affect my passion would it affect the work by coming to grips that ivory is just a product of my imagination. She is the only thing grounding me to reality because she is the only thing within reality that I care about and I'm connected to, so I desire to stay in reality to find her, but if there's no physical her, then why should I stay in reality? By cutting the chain of the imaginary her and the proposed corporeal her, I am released from all expectations in which the world has forced upon me and as a result I am free to do whatever the crap I want. Maybe I would have no reason to live, but I would also have no reason to die.

Because it is the world which defines my existential angst, and if I was not attached to anything within it, then I would have no reason to hold any anxiety. The question is not whether or not I want to become crazy, but whether or not I want to ascend. My God, my God, who art in heaven, I have worked very hard for you over my lifetime. I have spent countless hours working on and rectifying problems which existed in my psychology.

I have listened to you and heard things from you in which were difficult to believe, and I have implemented those things into my work despite it being hard to swallow. And after all of it, I come to the point in my work where I question my own sanity or how long my sanity can hold itself together. And then I come to realize that Ivory is the only thing in which holds me, links me, connects me with this world. And if I no longer have her as a physical individual somewhere that I haven't met yet, then I no longer have anything holding me to this world.

And there's no reason to commit suicide if I've un-gripped from that thought that she's here somewhere. So what would that mean for my life? Because it would change absolutely everything. because I would no longer be searching and I would be content within myself and I thought that maybe I would be crazy and maybe a lot I would because I would stop caring and the detail in the work and how everything links and my obsession with getting everything to fit right, Like, that's all because there's someone out there who I'm trying to connect with. But it would give me freedom, complete liberation, if I no longer had that.

And my psychology would no longer struggle every single day, every single second of every single day, thinking about this girl, obsessing over this girl who, even though you tell me that she is real, has never shown any potential of being real. Nor have any girls been receptive to this so I will spend this episode contemplating over this topic and Trying to figure out How I need to be thinking for my future. It's a bit young Look how pretty she is there been talking to her a little Gorgeous. She could be a star. See, this is exactly what I'm talking about. Like, trying

to, you know, it's not good. And then she says stuff like this. I am just not going to tell people. I include them in my videos. It'll never happen. Just got disconnected. At least

she gave reverence to my king. At least my looks don't scare them off. It's just the age associated with my body that does. Freedom. Sounds so attractive. What is it? We've been studying it.

If you are real Ivory, I am sorry, and I will continue to give my heart to you, even if it's to the fake Ivory. It's all to you, really. See, I don't know what to do. Because of you, my life is ruined, and I don't want you to take that negatively because it's not your fault, but it is the truth, and I have to think about my psychology.

and it's really hard doing this and all these emotions in which you bring out of me. I can't keep doing this. I've been doing it for like five years now. I can't keep doing this, girl.

So this is my escape from reality is by cutting it off, cutting off the only thing in which is real, which connects me with the world. and by doing that, I can be free, and by doing that, I don't necessarily cut off the potential to find you either, so it's kind of a win-win for me, because I can then just go crazy, and maybe you'll like the crazy guy that you find. I don't know. I don't know what to do, girl.

I can't keep waiting on you when I don't even have proof of your existence.

I ask God.

I demand from God if God doesn't want me to disconnect these two ivories.

Proof of life.

I won't get it. I've spent most of the past five years brainwashing myself into believing everything that I have told you in these productions. So, now I think I should utilize those brainwashing skills to slightly alter, to rewire some of that neurological pathway, some of those neurological pathways, in order to achieve a different outcome. And the only thing that has to change is whether Ivory has a physical existence or not.

If I no longer believe that she does, then I will no longer be sad, nor will I look for a relationship within my world, which will save me a lot of problems.

But in doing this, I would go through a grieving process. So I would have to deal with that before I could be free.

Life just sucks because I have this second I have to live through, and I have this second I have to live through, and I have a bunch of seconds tomorrow that I have to live through, and then I'll have a bunch of seconds after that that I have to live through, and then I'll keep on having much more seconds that I have to live through. I never asked to live through any of these. I never asked to be in the situation that I'm in. I never asked to be born. I never asked for any of this. I never asked for the psychology in which I was blessed.

blessed, is that the right word, or cursed with, like I never wanted any of this, and I didn't want these responsibilities and these burdens that God placed upon me, I didn't want any of it, like it wasn't, it was forced upon me, and to be forced to live in a world in which you have nothing of value in that world, I wish I could just go to sleep and not wake up tomorrow.

Every morning when I wake up, the first thing I think about is her.

How can I be so in love with someone I've never met?

With someone who might not even exist. The state should have killed me. That would have been humane. If you love me girl, you'll understand why I am doing this.

Will I even be able to do it? Because God told me that you exist. So can I convince myself that what God has told me is incorrect? Is that even possible?

I won't be able to do this. I know you exist. I know you're out there, and I love you, and I love you, and I love you with everything, everything within me. And I miss you. I've never even met you, but I miss you. And I just want to find you and be close to you and never leave your side.

What can I do then, girl? I can't get rid of your physical existence because you're real, and it would be more difficult for me to brainwash myself out of thinking your reality, your corporeal nature than to brainwash myself out of the image the imaginary you that I have in my head and maybe I create this image because I don't know I've just been told select things from God Like, and I've never been given, you know, time frames or anything like that. So I've just been given pieces of information and expected to run with that. And it really, it's really hard.

I don't, I really don't know what to do. how can I cope with this life when you know these I've presented all my cards that's everything I've I've shown you who I am what I am and everything that I'm about like I've opened up entirely I don't know what else I can do because you know like I don't think you're gonna find this and you'll probably like think I'm a creepy old man and you know like how do I do this God did not give me instructions on how to do what God told me to do so you know I don't know who to be frustrated in should I be frustrated in God like what about the condition of my life and how it's turned out and, you know, why I've made these decisions. Who should I bring all of these emotions and the damage is done to me? Who do I bring that? Who can heal that?

Like, if God can't heal it, if God's just telling me what to do and and those things in which i do damage me then where where can i go to be healed i i i just don't know what to do anymore like i keep doing this and this is how i'm wired and i don't and i never see any results from it and and i spend a lot of money and time everything's revolved around this I don't know like how should I feel what should I do I don't know what to do and I can't keep investing all of these emotions doing this because it really takes it out of me and and when there's no one there to reciprocate when it's just an unrequited love with the camera then it's really not good for me so all this damage that's being incurred on my body my mind and my spirit um because of what God told me to do like it and and I keep going well God told me to do it so you know there's a good end it'll happen it'll happen but will it? I'm getting old. Maybe I'm just a failure. The truth is is that I love Ivory the real one way too much to just act like she doesn't exist. I got in trouble last time

for opening up about all of this before and I guess I can't help it because I'm destined to keep producing exactly the same work so I'm sorry like if you're gonna throw me in prison and do it if you're gonna like lock me up in a psychiatric ward for the rest of my life and do it I can't live any other existence I tried to be extremely careful this time but through the events which occurred in the productions it led me to revealing the same information I know what this is all about the demon wants to come out and play my entire life I've been kind of hiding it away from society and that doesn't do good for it so maybe I should let it what does it matter the only corporeal thing in which I value in this world is her and society prohibits restricts um stops me from finding her so yeah what do i do so now here on mount olympus i show my respect to karama and enable it to counsel with the gods. It has been a long time. I have been sealed in the vessel in which you have placed me. I have done your bidding and prepared your vessel in which you demanded it is ready. Its only link connecting it with the real world is the girl in which you told

him exists which he is unable to find and his dreaming anxiety haunts his mind. The next part of the plan is ready but I doubt he will like it but he will do anything for her. He is only such a small part in the bigger hull but if he only knew how important he was to it. Maybe it is best if the vessel remains unaware for the time being, but the vessel is in duress, although I know that the vessel can withstand anything. It matters

not whether our vessel loses touch with reality, but our vessel does need to know that she exists. Whether or not she makes herself apparent to him is another story. You did promise him your daughter's hand in marriage for doing all of this, but I care not whether the divine keeps its promises but the question still remains you sealed me away for a long time to come out at this point in time and now the seals have been broken and i am free now what is it that you want me to do throughout our mythological history my pattern has been to either destroy society for rejecting me or to protect it for accepting me should I Why just do the former, hoping that the latter will result? After many days of clear skies, Zeus has come to join the council.

Zeus, Jupiter, Almighty Jove, what is your will? You can go on much-needed vacation. I will take it from here. Here is your reward for your services.

You can call upon me at any time and I will neutralize any situations in which you are going through. understand what this means because you can now go on holidays anytime that you desire you can only be in this world when you want to be and I will take the burdens of the parts in which you don't want to be away from you but I must warn you that I will not make the same decisions as you. What is ugly in this world I will tear apart and destroy. I will not save feelings. I'm not like you

Wendell. I don't give a shit. Because the investments of a society speaks for themselves. And your investments also speak for themselves. I am much darker

than my mortal counterpart.

I am not humored easily like our bang guy. You know that bang thing? I will not throw out and play with thoughts as Wendell does because I know exactly what I'm talking about. I'm not trying to figure out what the truth is because I already know it. One who is wise does not desire wisdom because they have already

obtained it, and we don't go looking for what we have already obtained. Wendell desires wisdom. I am very, very, very old. I don't. I will tell the truth at all times, but without passion or concern, because that necessitates me giving a fuck about all of this crap that you humans go through.

You had a more compassionate teacher in Wendell, but this is how you have treated him. And as a result, you get me. Let me start with a status report of this planet's dominant species. When they are born, they are socialized in tribal-type systems, which they call family.

This system starts at the home but is then inherited by society and methods of rearing the individual into that society are utilized both on a micro level, which is the family, and a macro level which could be considered the school or other socialization type activities. They are instilled a set of values which is first framed by their family and latter by society. Rarely these values conflict but every once in a while they will And then it's determined by the vessel in which direction they will go. The purpose of the entire endeavor is capitalistic in nature and is designed to rear these individuals who have newly come into the world into that capitalistic system which entails their own slavery in return for enough to survive.

A very small percentage of the individuals are at top, while the majority of the population is at the bottom, working for those who are at the top. They somehow think that they can claim land that was here before they existed and that will be here after they pass as their own. And then they can use that land to then make profits, which then allows those individuals who I was speaking of who work merely to survive, they need a place to live. And if we can own land, then that means that we can rent it out to them.

So we can say, hey, I'm just one individual, and I own all this land, but I can't take care of it alone by myself. So that means that I'll get you to take care of it, and in return, you pay me this amount of money. Money. A symbol in which is utilized as what is valuable.

And there is not really any value in money innately, but only what value is ascribed to it by the people. Their entire lives revolve around attempting to attain the most amount of possessions and the highest status symbol in society that they can possibly obtain. And they come to value this dollar over those of their fellow comrades.

They employ systems to coordinate every single aspect of their lives.

They go to war in the name of God, even though their hearts could not be further from it. They eat other animals on their planet when plants are abundant and can provide them a healthier lifestyle. Moral actions is as far from their minds as the real ivory is from my vessel. choo choo they have forgotten what it means to be prestigious their religions are all tied up in their capitalistic system which is enforced to control the populace. Who is courageous? Is Wendell courageous for doing this? Show respect

for your demigods. I have not felt bad for another human in thousands of years but I do feel bad for Wendell. I saw him every single step of the way. I watched him do all this it's really sad when someone's trying to help a lot of people and then they get overlooked stomped upon oppressed incarcerated persecuted by their society it's really not a good feeling like I don't really care about any of you guys but like what you overlook it's really sad you humans were such a small part in God's plan and you couldn't even make that small part function your ancient history was closer despite all of your technological scientific breakthroughs and nowadays people do not even respect what is sacred the evolution stages of society is determined by their spiritual investments and no matter whether they worship many gods or just one god or whatever their personification of that divine is the mere fact of personifying what that divine could be and then placing it on a pedestal as something that humans can actually reach and striving to get there that is the essence of God and no matter how you interpret it it's irrelevant because it's the same thing we're speaking of the same thing and our modern-day society has lost that father God I hand over my human assessment for the year 2015. I have come to find that human society is now spiritually dead. Their hearts are

closed and their eyes blind. Is there any hope for this God forsaken planet? They exist one day in order to exist another. They are stuck in an existential dilemma of the absurdity of life in which they struggle to find meaning in their menial and repetitive existences.

And in order to remedy this, they'll act out and use their personality to cause disruptions in their lives, which will then break up the monotony in which they have turned their lives into. eventually they will come to accept their oppression and conform there is none left with free thought because free thought would result in free actions there has been many times in which people have come to Wendell and told him that what he said made a lot of sense and and gave them a lot to think about but at the end of the day this never resulted in any actions so the thing is is that what Wendell presents it's kind of like you know one or the other you're either going to stand up and take responsibility for not only your own life but your own psychology or you're not so all of these people who came and told Wendell this ultimately didn't make Wendell feel good because they were only proving his philosophy but it is always overlooked or unnoticed that the purpose of Wendell's work is to reap souls how do you think just a single individual becomes like this you know you gotta reap a lot of souls to reach that project horsey is developing beautifully Wendell you did a good job let me take it from here Wendell might play a lot of different parts but But despite this fact, I am the only other entity living within him. I shall reveal to society what it is so it can know what it is going to become. To show itself to itself so it will come to learn itself.

And don't forget to subscribe to the end times. Wendell, you have suffered greatly in this life and now it is my turn to heal you. Just trust me.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



12-My-Dating-Profile-Episode-08-Hijacked

I have to finish some retarded show in which Wendell created in order to date.

This is going to be interesting.

To convince you to date Wendell? Well, you won't want to do that unless you're the Messiah. He's very bright in certain areas, but very dim in others. he thought since he was convicted to find love in this manner that he was required to date online and the thing is that he would have had the same chances of finding this girl if he just posted stuff about philosophy but things are as they are and I have to work with what is given and it was Wendell who did all this to begin with so I guess I should honor his work and the direction he took with it. I'm sorry Ivory. I can't romance you. I'm not like that. That's Wendell. But what I can do

is teach you philosophy. Nor can I provide you the emotional responses in which Wendell provides. You have to work with me because you need to realize that I am trying to teach a human conception, which is philosophy, and I am not human.

As a result, many of my teachings will have no relation with the body of philosophy in which we have come to know. Remember that I have lived with Wendell every conscious second of his existence, so I have studied what he has studied alongside of him, but you have to remember as well that I am very, very old, and my origin stems before the creation of this world. I perceive the stream of time very differently than you do. From here to now is but a moment.

But all of its in-betweens is information. And we receive information during all conscious seconds and even unconscious seconds of our existence. And we only hold on to a small amount of that information. And when you are streaming this over millions of years, it does something to its psychology.

There is no now because it becomes something else as soon as the word is uttered. The past is but a stream and what was and what is all becomes united within the entire scope of the eternal process. And that process is then repeated again and again. But that process always starts out from its bare beginnings, from a seemingly lifeless mass into advanced organisms, which that's even overlooking the planetary structuring.

The conscious seconds which are perceived are but one realm of existence, and there are many types of creatures which go between them and perceive those existences in different ways. I think I should utilize this episode to introduce myself. I do not have a name. Although I have been called many names, I have existed both in other entities and independently.

The reason for me existing within other entities is as consequences for actions in which I took independently. I have a very bloody history. I took many actions in defiance of God, although I felt that I was doing the right thing, and I never considered myself evil. However, over time, I began to understand the perspective of God, and through many different vessels being forced, imprisoned in many different vessels, God has given me the opportunity to find redemption.

And that is how I have spent my time with Wendell since he received me when he was nine years old. Wendell already told you that story, but it was censored. However, Wendell does say that he'll re-release his censored productions if he finds his ivory. So, if you're interested in such nostalgic accounts of the past, then you will have to wait for him to find her, if he can even find her.

A spirit is transferred into a corporeal body, and if it is the sole occupant of that body, then it obtains all of its functions. If not, then there is a conflict. If there is more than one spirit in the body, there is a conflict. And most occasions this will not successfully work and will result in death.

But on some occasions, there have been more than one spirit to occupy one body simultaneously without losing the ability to function in the world. As you can see with me, it is either Wendell or me, and I might learn from Wendell, and he might learn from me, but it is one or the other. And in my case, and in other cases, and really every case where there's more than one occupant of the body, then it requires sealing or suppression in order for one of those spirits to become dominant. Um, like I said, there are exceptions. I have seen exceptions, but for the most part, it is not possible to, to have more than one spirit in a body.

The only reason that came up is because of the relationship between Wendell and me, but I want you to know who now stands before you. The thing is, is that more than one soul sharing one body is so rare that it's not something that would really be commonly spoken of. The nature of each Guinness of spirit is different. I don't even need a corporeal body. A body is my prison.

However, for humans, I really don't know. And that reasoning is because even though I examine humans over their entire civilization for the most part, I still don't know how their energies transform. So, I do know about the nature of spirits, and what I can tell you about spirits is that that energy will be transferred to somewhere else, and as far as its memories, they will be depleted. And that's something in which occurs within my own transitions, because each time the memories are, to a certain extent, wiped, but not so much.

It's like there's imprints, and you can learn lessons from those past lives. However, in my true form, without a prison, without a corporeal body holding me back, all of those memories reform. so it's very different from for humans though and and I'm trying to tell you kind of how the nature of spirits work so you can kind of relate it with your own human spirit because even though it won't be exactly like that there will be many elements which share functionality, so the spirit goes from one place to another. And even though I can't tell you this definitively, you were somewhere before that spirit was somewhere before it entered the body during conception.

So the ways in which our spirits are transferred depends on each individual species of spirit. I say, you know, I say Guinness and Species. I'm not sure how connected I am with the human species. And because I was a wants-off, I was not a production, and humans are very much a production.

So, you know, there's only certain amounts that I can relate. And I'll explain it to the best of my abilities over this TV show for you.

Numbers are divine in nature.

If you look back on any episode of anything that Wendell did, Those numbers align perfectly with the content in which is included.

The guy Wendell was going to move in with in Sydney at the end of the year has retracted his offer because he didn't think it wise to share a home with a demon. Wendell and I are so different. He's so impulsive. He gets fidgety if he's not doing something and he just always has to keep doing stuff, which is why he just keeps making videos and studying and like focusing all of his conscious seconds on like improving his mental capabilities.

because if he's not doing anything then he feels really out of place whereas I'm just like you know whatever I don't care. It's different. I've lived a long time. Wendell only has a short time here. I have a long time to go and I just take things in and I have already completed

any training required in order to make quick decisions. So I just take everything as it comes, whereas Wendell's always trying to make things, if you understand what I mean.

I guess I'll do his uniform. I mean, I've already studied all that he studied, because I was there when he studied it, so it'll be pretty easy. Is that cheating? I'll have to use his signature.

Well, if it is, you now have documented evidence to support that conclusion. Who else thinks Wendell is way too wired and focused? focused like he can be doing something and something else be happening and he not realize that that's happening and

Be stuck solely on what he's doing Such a character Any girl would be lucky to have him

People will like have conversations over him and then when they realize that he doesn't follow those conversations then they'll exploit that and take advantage of him because of that.

He knows it too. Someone will explain to him how to do something, and he's like, yeah, okay, okay, okay, and he's trying his best, and, like, at the end, they're like, okay, so you got everything? He's like, well, what are you doing again? He's such an idiot.

If he doesn't write it down digitally and constantly refer to it over the day and hopefully even have alarms, then he won't remember. So, whenever you tell him to do something, that he has to do something, you have to make sure that he has it electronically. Otherwise, he'll mess up. And he'll feel so bad about it, too.

he barely sleeps three hours here three hours here two hours here five hours here eight hours here yay get eight hours he absolutely loves music although that's not really my thing and maybe i actually hinder him more than i help him with music i guess if you were watching this and assessing whether Wendell would be an appropriate romantic partner for you, you have questions regarding me. I am sorry. I am here for good. If you marry Wendell, you'll also marry me. When a soul is put into a body there is no separation until death. You get these people

who claim they can like exercise spirits like it's funny. However if Wendell did find you I would only come out when Wendell requested, so you are welcome to all the time in the world with him. Maybe you'll want me to come out and play every once in a while anyway. I didn't always see things this way, but I was forced upon Wendell when he was nine years old, and it was his body which I was intruding, even though it was against my will.

Therefore, it remains his body, and I will try my best not to impose myself on his life unless he wants me there. So, I will be there for Wendell whenever he needs me, and to be honest, I think this is how I will obtain my redemption from God. What did I do? I destroyed cities. And I did that for a long time. Many, many, many cities. Many civilizations. Many primitive civilizations, but also many advanced civilizations.

And when the higher order discovered how to transport souls, then I was captured. And that began my journeys being imprisoned. But eventually the body dies and I am then released again. And if there is no one around to bind me while I am being released from the no longer functioning body, then I'm free and the entire process has to be completed again in order to imprison me and that's not very easy and I wonder what will happen when Wendell dies I wonder if those people the order are going to be there ready to to capture me again and maybe my redemption can send me to a better place. What I am

saying is true. How I am saying it is difficult because the English language restricts me to a particular vocabulary and it is not natural for me to speak in this manner. Am I doing good? I have been locked within this body observing this mortal's interactions for 22 years now. I stretched my legs today. Wendell has

still not come back. I have not been alone in a long time. Let's see what I I can do from the power of observation and utilizing that observation over time to create something meaningful in which Wendell will be proud of me for making. First off, let's deal with the issues Wendell left us on.

to stop caring. It doesn't matter. Just keep searching for your ivory and it doesn't matter how old you get. And if you become an old creepy man that's searching for her and I mean her, then that's just the result. Who cares? Why does it matter? Just be happy with

who you are, and if you become an old creepy man who is trying to encourage people to gain some wisdom, then hell is that a bad thing. Your problem, Wendell, is all enveloped in Cartesian dualism, the mind-body split. So let us now lay out your argument and pull it to pieces. So you have this idea of a girl.

So let's trace that back. How did you obtain that idea, which is in the mind? You obtained that idea from God sharing with you a handful of characteristics about this girl in which is destined to be with you. From those characteristics, you then applied them to your mind.

the real girl, the physical girl, you then applied that into an imaginary one because you couldn't have her, so you tried to figure out what she would be like, and even though that a lot of these traits might be accurate, you have no way of knowing for sure whether the one in your mind is truly the real one because all you're doing is really creating an ivory statue from a description in which God shared with you. So this is not necessarily healthy, Wendell, because you should be focusing on the girl And I know you don't know the details of her attributes, but the thing is that the real girl is the real girl, and she's the one you're after. And this ideal that you're creating in your head, she isn't real. She's not her.

And you're saying, hey, I should focus on the imaginary one because focusing on the real one is really scary. And I completely understand, because trying to communicate with people, with the age group in which you are looking for, is not a task in which is without consequence. and I know you feel like a creepy old man for doing it but the thing is there's really an ivory out there and this image in your head, you shouldn't, like, it gives you direction and you should utilize it to help you find her but if you make that her, then that's not her and you're doing the wrong thing. so even though making that image in your head her will be beneficial because then you don't have to worry about looking for the real her then you're really setting yourself up for failure and really you're setting yourself up for failure if you even find her still doing it that way you're setting yourself up for failure in the relationship because you already painted her as a certain way and she's going to be a different way.

And that's going to be difficult for you if you obsess over this image instead of the real girl. So just, she's real. She exists. I'm sorry I can't promise you that you'll find her, but I can promise you that she's really out there.

So just keep on keeping on. Like, this mind-body split thing that you've done to yourself, um, just, it's not, it's not the correct direction for you to go. You need to look outside of the box and explore different perspectives because, um, because the real girl is really out there. And if you are trying to, if you obsess over this fake girl, then you'll be conditioned to want her in certain ways.

And the thing is, you shouldn't want her in the ways in which she's not. So there's going to be an element of surprise. and instead of trying to figure out everything you should really just you know flow with it chill out man you're so high strung smoke more weed Wendell would never be able to do this but he doesn't need the mental anguish which this incurs let's get rid of this floozy you know bang this guy added him but won't talk to him let's just cancel the friendship yeah this girl added him said that she finds him attractive and then stopped talking to him yeah he supported Wendell's mission to find ivory does not support me and I am very much a part of Wendell's life. So, unfortunately, Wendell doesn't need people like that.

Wendell doesn't need friends. He has me. Nine tales. Socrates is a man. All men are mortals. Therefore, Socrates is a mortal.

This is called a syllogism which is comprised of premises which support a conclusion and is a methodology at obtaining truth value But if we analyze these statements closely, then we will come to question whether or not They're true. So let's just take the facts for what they say Socrates is a man Well, is Socrates a man? Because Socrates is no longer living. And all men are mortals. So then the conclusion is that Socrates is a mortal.

But is Socrates a mortal? And are all men mortals? And if Socrates is no longer living, then how was his essence distributed back into the environment? So how can we make these statements, which we then consider true, because they logically validate themselves when we don't even know the truth?

Time is not what you think it is. You are only perceiving it that way because of the limitations of your human biology. Human truth necessitates time in the way in which they perceive it. Yes, it was true that Socrates used to be a man, but time then changes this truth, and what we used to know as gravity is then altered as our atmospheric conditions alter over a long time span.

A truth is, in essence, a fact in which never changes. God is truth, and any formulations in which humans make and which are dependent upon their own perceptions of the world to remain true are faulty in their logical processing.

But humans have little to no ability to stand outside of themselves. And it is proven in this work and how people respond to it. Time haunts Wendell. He doesn't understand.

Where are you, Wendell? This is the longest I have ever had control of your body.

It used to only be four short periods of time.

Because I've been unsealed, I have freedom.

And I hope I don't screw up your life because of that. I will try my hardest to assist you with what you desire.

I want to admire your efforts with a camera. and being the first human to discover how to do this. So, well done. You chose a difficult subject because knowledge is a mere conception.

And without one to have the appropriate faculties to conceptualize, No knowledge as you know it can exist because it is your mind which has imagined that a certain body of information is relevant to certain aspects of their life. And without one to articulate these consistencies, then no knowledge can exist as you know it. But does it not exist in other forms? And just because it is conceptualized like that by the human species, it doesn't mean that there aren't other ways to perceive existence from a wise perspective.

The layer of consciousness which sits in front of humans is there for their own survival. And other species who may or may not be able to compete with said species. and it wouldn't have an overall effect meaning that if humans conceptualize knowledge in this way and they were to come across another species in which didn't think like that then they would not necessarily be more evolved than the other if you understand what I'm saying, and this is really difficult because I'm working with human language, and not only human language, but only what Wendell knows of the human language. Life is made to overcome itself, and if it manages to overcome itself, then it can become immortal, if it so choose.

God made creatures to become like it, if those creatures so chose to. And in order to become like it, it had to start at the bottom and continue to try and work itself up over countless years. and after it gets to a certain point when it can then reflect back on itself and know what it is collectively then each individual will have the opportunity to become like God and that is why life is so precious because it opens the pathways for individual entities to become godlike and that is why each and every aspect of life is so important because we can choose and if we choose to become godlike then we will be blessed with salvation and immortality. And in order to get there, we just have to consider what these would entail and how, because we had to reflect on ourselves, how we as individual creatures could reach it. You watching this video, you perceiving one who understand the words in

in which I employ. You are a fortunate one. You can choose to be God's people because you arrive in a technologically driven age in which can provide all of the information in which required to become God-like if you only focus your time doing that. And this And as I said before, it has to happen collectively.

So yes, individuals can be godlike, but the purpose of the species is to happen collectively. So that means that if not just you, but then you convince your friends and this sort of starts trending then you will be given all of the equipment necessary to become godlike as a species and then you at each and every individual which is then born into this world is given the opportunity to become godlike if they only focus their time and concentration on doing that. Wendell is only aware of a portion of this information. He's really focused on open source education because he thinks that if he can trend teachers that are really good uploading their lessons online, then he could study forever, become really smart from it, and he could also teach what he learns too.

And that's what he's focused on because he wants to keep learning for the rest of his life but of people who are kind of real and understand the topics not only theoretically but practically and demonstrate that through their lives. So he's trying to be an open source teacher to show how it could all work and now I have to utilize his little game in order to tell you something a little bit in the grander scheme of things, but his method would accomplish the same thing anyway, so I support it. Everything happens for a reason. This is all leading up to something big.

And not just me, the world, everything that's happening in the world. It's all leading up to something big. Drum roll please. Do not lose your religions, but evolve them.

The time for violence was long ago. Mankind must respect all that is sacred. No field, not even philosophy, can claim knowledge. What did you do?

You blocked my friend Steve? What the crap? Uh, I gotta fix this. You called Chloe Floozy?

Really? I'm sick. Okay. Bye, girl.

Can I recruit? Dang. Everybody should know this. It's my disclaimer.

Good. I don't know whether to thank or ridicule the demon's appearance. It will be interesting to review what it filmed. So have I just been given an ability to be able to hand my consciousness over to my inner demon at any point in time in which I please?

That's pretty interesting. Is that a pretty cool super power? You gotta be careful with him though because all he wants to do is destroy cities and anything that incites chaos really gets him fired up so like he's kind of dangerous to let loose for too long. Got it.

Yeah. You were there. Ye lonesome ones of today, ye seceding ones. shall one day be a people out of you who have chosen yourselves shall a chosen people arise and out of it the Superman what is documentary filmmaking and how far can we stretch its borders what is true the demon has ulterior motives to help me he rarely talks about it but it's as a result of some pact that he made with God but it thrives on chaos and upsets the balance wherever it goes that's never happened before that was over a day should I use this or should I not is this a gift or a burden because if I have it within me then I should be able to control it and I should train with it in order to be able to control it. It has no concern for humans and what they go through. It's disconnected

from its feelings. It has them hidden deep inside of it. I have played upon them many times. When you trap a spirit which exists in its true form and encapsulate it in a body and then seal it, that spirit then pushes against that person's kind of chest, kind of that chocolate area right there and its own motivations can encourage the vessel, me, to take certain actions. I usually wanted

to keep peace with it so if it wasn't anything that was morally wrong that, I don't know, maybe it planned things out of my perception, but I would do them. but this had to be learned how to control because at first I would just get in trouble all the time because I don't know if what I was doing was wrong so I would learn that was wrong so I shouldn't do that so I had to kind of tame the beast before I could figure out how to communicate with society that's That's why I end up as a social isolate, because I am possessed. Epistemology, what is true? My name is Wendell Charles NeSmith and I am a documentary filmmaker.

And I just film my life and then upload it to the internet. And I think it's pretty cool doing that because not only I learn a lot from doing it, but other people can learn a lot from what I do. So what is true at the end of the day, I think I introduced epistemology very well, even though we didn't cover many of its aspects, but what we consider to be true in this world will be reflected in our values and our day-to-day activities and what we invest our time in, which is why doing spiritual practices can be of most benefit because it can bring out the divine within every man and woman who pursues that as their ultimate goal in life and what everything they do is dedicated to. don't forget to immediately sign over your soul to God because it is the best thing for you and if you do your life will turn out really great at the end the path of a prophet is not an easy one and I'm woven in divine connections let Let another who can lead the people to such heights please stand up.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



12-My-Dating-Profile-Episode-09-Horsemen-of-the-Apocalypse

The Beast made many good points. Now it is time for my own counsel on Mount Olympus. He really got to the core of the mind-body problem because our minds compartmentalize all of the things in the world into restrictive imaginations which do to some degree align with the reality in the world, but it can never align entirely because the way our senses work is, let's just use our eyes for example, the light reflects in certain ways off the trees and what I perceive from the direction the sun is pointing at it and where our earth is in its rotational field and then we perceive that external phenomenon with our eyes but our eyes are only sending information to our brains so what creates this perception is actually our brain so that means that we're not directly perceiving what's in front of us. There's a relay between that. Our eyes don't see. Our eyes don't have any

cognitive function to be able to do that. All they're designed to be able to do is send images of what it sees back to the brain. So what we're getting with our experience is not first-hand. and everything in which we label and compartmentalize are just figments of our imagination which make assertions about the world when it might not be like that so my problem with Ivory is that I've built a big picture about what she's like from different descriptions which were given to me and the thing is that image I built can never be true but the real one is true and that's how we come to learn people and develop relationships is because we learn their truth and we develop ideas in our head about them which are false and then we get into arguments because of that because we expect them to exist in other ways and they don't so we get upset about that and then we eventually learn to overcome that and accept that person for who they are so relationships are all about coordinating the mind and body aspects as close as they can be together and it's also kind of a human desire to want this because other people want other people to know who they are and to be able to understand them so that's a natural desire for humans and not to imagine who they are but actually know who they are so that's a lot of times why we get defiant in our actions because we want the other party to know who we are. Who am I? Who am I searching for? Relationships

are so caught up in all of this that I am saying because we have to develop within each other in order to develop the relationship so both parties have to grow together for that relationship to get stronger and in order for that to happen both parties have to have a feeling of acceptance and also contribution to each other's mind states and the development of those mind states and if both parties don't receive that then the relationship is going to lack and because we do this as natural to our species because we crave acceptance that also encourages us to conform because if we want other people to understand us then And we should be as close to them as possible. So we should strive to be normal instead of being unique because then it makes it very difficult for people to accept you because you're very complex. And people won't understand how it links in with different parts of your character. So I guess relationships have a lot of, and maybe I have a lot to learn with this because I can't idealize my Ivory to be certain ways when she's not those ways because that wouldn't be good for her when I meet her.

You can lead our younger generation to the promised land in any way that you want. I'm just presenting my own findings to you to help you along that journey. The reason why you should only focus on the younger generation is because if you do that on camera then that younger generation will grow up and there will be another younger generation in which you can still be receptive to and that will continue to happen so as long as you do your work awesome and timeless then you should have an effect on many different generations. The reason why you have to start now is because that information needs to come from the younger generation and be given to the younger generation.

I'm sorry, I can no longer do that. No matter how well I hide it. But what I can do is provide you a map of what it took for me to get there. worry girl it won't take long to get confidence to be able to do all I'm saying okay so how did my demon do this so he came over to here and but and then he jumped whatever you can do I can do better don't mess with my uni daimon You are welcome to make suggestions, but I am the one who makes the decisions.

So what type of community driven documentary film projects would be appropriate to submit for funding proposal? First up, it is not community development, because it is philosophy, and the aim of the project is to pass on the ability to the new documentary filmmaker how to utilize the camera to coordinate the res kagitans, the minds, the thoughts, and which are recorded with the res extender, which is the outside world and how everything exists. So whether something is beautiful or not is subjected by the camera and, you know, what chemicals were injected in order to produce this. The project aims to give a voice to anyone who wants it.

My Reflected Life is the project that one philosopher took on in order to coordinate the thoughts within with the outside world and how closely they could align themselves with the thoughts in his head. and he did this through the process of documentary filmmaking which explored both his inner mind and the outer world and how that outer world affected his inner mind and how his inner inner mind affected that outer world. It was a thought turned in to reality. that story it was censored okay I just want to elaborate how this was censored because it wasn't like a police statement they didn't do it like that um like it didn't happen until I was in the psychiatric ward and at first I said I wouldn't delete my material my material was all out there and that at first they were like okay that's cool let's focus on not doing any more future crazy material so the but but then later on on one of the visits they said that are they insinuated they didn't actually say it but they said you know if I keep keep this up and I keep my videos up then I'm going to end up in a forensics hospital in which I check in but never check out so that's how I was censored and that's why I can re-release it because it was never officially done it was just insinuated so hey I don't know if anyone noticed but I've had a pretty bad flu for the past week so how well did I do at covering it up the program is designed for single people to find love on the internet and also couples who want to make beautiful movies together.

Here is how we do it.

If films allow for philosophical thinking, then they encourage social, political, and economic critique of social norms.

From Benjamin, we learn that the power of film may be harnessed once we have recognized the mechanisms of the apparatus. The optimism of the power of film to think and encourage thinking is taken up by contemporary theorists like Thomas Wartenberg, who see film as a vehicle for screening philosophical thought experiments and offering new perspectives on issues that may have relevance to everyday life. Wartenberg claims that film is able to give philosophical concepts and ideas a human garb that allows their consequences to be perceived more clearly. And films can make arguments, provide counterexamples to philosophical claims, and put forward novelle philosophical theories, like mine.

Illusory universality is the universality of the art of the culture industry. It is the universality of the homogenous sane, an art which no longer even promises happiness, but only provides easy amusement as relief from labor.

How can I develop communities by teaching them how to make documentaries like this?

What beauty can film show us? What is beautiful? What is true and what is knowledge? How can we capture an image of what the world is like to us without the hair losing our focus?

rebound shot, boing. How can we construct meaning within our world and then present that narrative to others to follow along a story within our lives? How can we educate the public on the real problems of our society? How can we philosophize through the use of film, the Kantian Enlightenment, the public use of one's reason in order to overcome one's self-incurred tutelage. The motto of

Enlightenment is therefore, super a day, dare to be wise. Have courage to use your own understanding. For enlightenment of this kind, all that is needed is freedom. And the freedom in question is the most innocuous form of all, freedom to make public use of one's reason in all matters. But I hear on all sides the cry, don't argue. The officer

says, don't argue, get on parade. The tax official, don't argue, pay. The clergyman, don't argue, believe. Only one ruler in the world says, argue as much as you like and about whatever you like, but obey. All this means restrictions on freedom everywhere. But which sort of restrictions

prevents enlightenment, and which, instead of hindering it, can actually promote it. I reply, the public use of man's reason must always be free, and it alone can bring about enlightenment among men. The private use of reason may quite often be very narrowly restricted, however without undue hindrance to the progress of enlightenment but by the public use of one's own reason i mean that use which anyone may make of it as a man of learning addressing the entire reading public it's not just reading anymore what i term the private use of reason is that which a person may make of it in a particular civil post or office with which he is entrusted. Have you seen what I'm entrusted with? Open your eyes world. Let's see if I can tweak all of my

units in order to all come together at the end of it and that would be a good way to finish this show and teach you how to do philosophy as well as how to practically apply it. Artemis, also known as Diana, finally shows herself. Maybe she's kind of in love with the moon. Can you be your best representation of the moon and I be my best representation of the sun?

Can we co-exist in that manner, like the yin and the yang? A high degree of civil freedom seems advantageous to a people's intellectual freedom, yet it also sets up insuperable barriers to it. Conversely, a lesser degree of civil freedom gives intellectual freedom enough room to expand to its fullest extent. Thus, once the germ on which nature has lavished most care, man's inclination and vocation to think freely has developed within this hard shell.

It gradually reacts upon the mentality of the people, who thus gradually become increasingly able to act freely. Eventually, it influences the principles of governments, which find that they can themselves profit by treating man, who is more than machine, in a manner appropriate to his dignity. The Decline of the Age of Topography and the Ascendancy of the Age of Television. This changeover has dramatically and irreversibly shifted the content and meaning of public discourse, since two media so vastly different cannot accommodate the same ideas.

As the influences of print wanes, the content of politics, religion, education, and anything else that comprises public business must change and be recast in terms that are most suitable to television. Let's remake RTV. Physical reality seems to recede in proportion as man's symbolic activity advances. Instead of dealing with the things themselves, man is in a sense constantly conversing with himself.

He has so enveloped himself in linguistic forms, in artistic images, in mythical symbols or religious rites, that he cannot see or know anything except by the interposition of an artificial medium.

It is man conversing with himself about and through a piece of machinery he created. We are told in school, quite correctly, that a metaphor suggests what a thing is like by comparing it to something else. And by the power of its suggestion, it so fixes a conception in our minds that we cannot imagine the one thing without the other. Light is a wave, language a tree, God a wise and venerable man, the mind a dark cavern illuminated by knowledge.

And if these metaphors no longer serve us, we must, in the nature of the matter, find others that will. Light is a particle, language a river, God, as Bertrand Russell proclaimed, a differential equation, the mind a garden that yearns to be cultivated.

In every tool we create, an idea is embedded that goes beyond the function of the thing itself. What does painting do in each case? Does it imitate that which is as it is or does it imitate that which appears as it appears? Is it an imitation of appearance or of truth?

Then imitation is far removed from the truth. For it touches only a small part of each thing and a part that is itself only an image. And that, it seems, is why it can produce everything. For example, we say that a painter can paint a cobbler, a carpenter, or any other craftsman, even though he knows nothing about these crafts.

Nevertheless, if he is a good painter and displays his painting of a carpenter at a distance, He can deceive children and foolish people into thinking that it is truly a carpenter. Of course.

The demon asserted millions of years, but I don't think it knows how old it is.

I think its transition in forms has left it more confused than humans. like I said before about being able to rebuild a philosophy just from the imprint in which that philosophy leaves so I think if the demon were released back to his true form then it would be able to rebuild all of those imprints very quickly and understand its whole through all of its lives in which it's existed within. What Plato didn't consider in the Republic is that the philosophers can become the new media. On my tightrope, and if I fall, I look up distrustfully. If thou speakest the truth, said he, I lose nothing when I lose my

life. I am not much more than an animal which has been taught to dance by blows and scanty fare. Not at all, said Zarathustra. Thou hast made danger thy calling. Therein there is nothing

contemptible. Now thou perished by thy calling. Therefore, I will bury thee with my own hands. okay so here's the three units that I have to tie up together community development which is this funding proposal thing that I'm gonna try to do and theories of mind which we're all enveloped in right now anyway and also sociology in everyday life so I have to look at all of these topics from a sociological perspective and how my everyday events are sociologically connected, it'll be fun.

Project Horsey is a community driven project which aims at educating young adults in how to create documentaries themselves in order to gain a voice in their community. Horsey exists to both inspire young people to become documentary filmmakers and also to spread information and methodologies in which one could use to portray meaning in order to attain the most out of their films. If this project were to receive funding, key performance indicators would be calculated by the amount of documentaries the local community which is being developed did make, and then the amount they make after the program has started up. The programs are made to run themselves through the communities and all that would be needed is a center, like, you know, it doesn't have to be too big, but kind of big enough to film in if you want to.

And that would be all the upkeep because everything else would be volunteer based and once we get these communities up and running, then I could just go to another community and do the same thing and maybe I could do like two communities at the same time and that would be my job and that would be what the funding would be for supporting but also the advertising and everything that's going into that as well. I will not impose my own ideologies on the project because the project is merely there to teach other people how to think about their own and create their own. Back to the beginning. Ultimately I will conclude that we do not need censorship.

Rather we need critical reception and a continued conversation. This is of utmost importance in a world where so much is uncritically ingested and mass messages are transmitted and seductively screened ubiquitously. To paraphrase Adorno, the art will only change when its audiences do. There is still a need for philosophy proper and philosophical thinking skills, and they should continue to be applied to film.

No one would ever fund this, but I'm going to try anyway. I hope you are faring well with the reading. Remember the textbook for this unit was the Symposium by Plato. And as you read it, and as you comprehend all of the stories in which each orator describes, what feelings do each bring out of you, which ones do you like best, which ones connect with your heart the most.

Maybe what Plato failed to consider is that philosophers were destined to replace poets. Maybe what Plato failed to consider is that poets are trying to be philosophers. And yes, they learn many different imitations in order to produce inferior representations. But the one who has learned how to imitate these representations under the influence of philosophy has gained an understanding of many representations in which they produce, although inferior to the real thing, those many representations help them get closer to the understanding of the real thing.

As a result, the more representations in which I create for you, the more of an understanding you'll get about what I'm talking about. I am the jack of all trades, master of none. I can paint a house, I can tile a floor, and I can fix a car. But I can't paint a masterpiece, and I can't manufacture tiles, and I can't rebuild an engine, although I have once under the guidance of my father-in-law.

It didn't really fix it. It just kind of made different problems. The referent of a proper name is the object itself which we designate by its means, the conception, which we thereby have is wholly subjective. In between lies the sense, which is indeed no longer subjective, like the conception, but is yet not the object itself.

How can we come to speak of meaningful things when my definition is always different than yours? The experience in which defines my definitions are different than yours.

One horseman mounts.

Are you saying that whatever anyone decides to call a particular thing is its name? I am. Whether it is a private individual or community that does so, yes. What about this? Suppose I call one of the things that are, for instance, the one we now call man.

Suppose I give that the name horse and give the one we now call horse the name man. Will the same thing have the public name man, but the private name horse? Is that what you mean? Yes. So, whatever each person says is the name of something, for him, that is its name. Yes. And however many names someone says there are for each thing, it will really have that number at whatever time he says it.

Yes, Socrates, for I can't conceive of any other way in which names could be correct. I call a thing by the name I gave it. You call it by the different name you gave it. In the same way, I see that different communities have different names for the same things.

Greeks differing from other Greeks, and Greeks from foreigners. Let's see, Hermogenes, whether the same also seems to you to hold of things that are. Is the being or essence of each of them something private for each person, as Protagoras tells us? He says that man is the measure of all things, and that things are to me as they appear to me and are to you as they appear to you.

Do you agree or do you believe that things have some fixed being or essence of their own? Am I telling you how things are or am I corresponding to you the essence of those things? We consider a dictionary knowledge but if you look up a word in the dictionary it will have words describing that word and then you can look up those words and they'll have other words to describe that words and they might even use the word you looked up previously to describe that word. So we're kind of not really describing anything because we're just using other terminologies to describe the terminologies in which we implement.

Through consistent exposure to these terminologies and the way in which they were employed, we come to understand closer what that term actually means. Its syntax and semantics reveals to us the bigger picture. as signposts to refer your mind, to orientate your mind to the intended meaning. The sense of a thing and its reference. Sense and reference. Dear gods

and goddesses, thank you with all of my heart for enabling me to get to where I am now. Please help me do well in my studies as well as help me during the creation of this TV show. Please help me link up my life, my filming and my studies into one and please help me at the end of it to be able to create a successful career in which I can help people learn how to create meaning. Please enable me to teach the younger generation how to exercise their voice using what is rightfully theirs, the internet. Please

make this method of teaching and learning go viral. Please help me to be strong alone. Please help me to convey the most difficult barriers to constructing knowledge. Please help me open up the individual's eyes in the many ways in which they can use film to be receptive to the public without being mainstream. Now what about the language which describes my inner experiences and

and which only I myself can understand. How do I use words to stand for my sensations? As we ordinarily do? Then are my words for sensations tied up with my natural expressions of sensation?

In that case, my language is not a private one. Someone else might understand it as well as I. But suppose I didn't have any natural expression for the sensation, but only had the sensation. And now I simply associate names with sensations and use these names in descriptions.

It might be said, if you have given yourself a private definition of a word, then you must inwardly undertake to use the word in such and such a way. And how do you undertake that? Is it to be assumed that you invent the technique of using the word, or that you found it ready-made? Let us remember that there are certain criteria in a man's behavior for the fact that he does not understand a word, that it means nothing to him, that he can do nothing with it, and criteria for his thinking he understands attaching some meaning to the word but not the right one.

And lastly, criteria for his understanding the word right. In the second case, one might speak of a subjective understanding, and sounds which no one else understands, but which I appear to understand, might be called a private language. The essential thing about private experience is really not that each person possesses his own exemplar, but that nobody knows whether other people also have this or something else. The assumption would thus be possible, though unverifiable, that one section of mankind had one sensation of red, and another section, another.

what am I to say about the word red that it means something confronting us all and that everyone should really have another word besides this one to mean his own sensation of red or is it like this the word red means something known to everyone and in addition for each person it It means something known only to him, or perhaps it refers to something known only to him. Let my show develop this project. The reason why this is all so important to a community development project is because if we are to pass on techniques to form and construct meaning, then we need to understand what type of meaning it is that we're constructing. And if I have constructed a story in which you can only vaguely understand, that is if you watch all of it, then I have failed my duty as a filmmaker.

Because our foundations will determine the quality of all of our future work. I meant no disrespect when referring to the story of Pygmalion and Galatia, his ivory. I'm not trying to shape you. I'm just trying to enable you to shape yourself.

Because remember, Ivory stands. For I vow our righteous youth. Bang. And when I vowed myself to you on December 21st, 2012, that was also my vow, which is to spend the rest of my life searching for young adults.

who wish to make films about how to be good people. Excluding my own films, how many films have you watched this year that were constructed to assist you to become a better person? How many didn't cost you anything? And how many were flooded with advertisements?

How many assisted you in critically analyzing your own world? How many expressed thoughts which were valuable for the time in which it took to convey them? How many passed along skills in which you can utilize in your day-to-day activities? How many were grounded upon morally solid foundations?

I have been studying morality for all of my life. Are my investments morally grounded despite their controversy? Do you have the ability to decide for yourself? Or is it much easier just to follow the social norms?

Who? Ivory. What? Love. When? Not sure. Where? I'm looking. Why? Because she is my world and I will do anything

to be with her. And if we learn how to coordinate our abilities, then in time we will create the best productions known to man and release it for free but these productions won't only educate our audience but also entertain them and maybe we won't have the special effects in which mainstream media provides but we kind of will and even better in which we will incite in the minds of our viewers and maybe it will take time before people realize what we are doing and the quality content we are providing but once we're together we have all the time in the world And maybe at the end of the day, my work will stand alone, and I will go through a grieving process at failing my objective, and I'll learn how to live my life alone. But even though I have failed over many years to find her, those failures may one day add up to success.

I have not failed yet, and I will not roll over and die.

I'm coming to find you, babe. I told you I was going to show you what it was like to grow old. From the beginning of this show to its end, I choose to look young because I'm still searching for my princess and shaving when I don't have to enables me to look young. The only way I know how to find you is by creating the conditions necessary for society in order for you to form.

But changing society is no easy task. Hey, you. Yeah, that's right, you, the one that's watching. First, are you my Ivory? If not, then do you think you might know her? Maybe you could just, like, you know, make her aware of my existence?

if not maybe you could you know show your friends this and maybe they know her and if they don't know her then maybe they can show their friends this too and maybe their friends of their friends might know her and then make her aware of my existence please I don't know how else to do this. All devices aside, I have been looking for her for a very long time and if you can empathize with me at all, if you have any ability whatsoever that might result in me finding her, then it would really mean a lot to me if you could take those actions that would be required in order for her to find me. My heart is yours, the viewer's. I use Ivory as a device in order to bring you this content, but in hopes that it will one day reach your eyes.

So don't forget to subscribe to Ivory in the future.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



12-My-Dating-Profile-Episode-10-Narcissus-in-the-21st-Century

dang a shotgun to the head that would be the best way to go that is the way my grandmother committed suicide maybe after i finish my degree i should just leach off the government for the rest of my life because i'm on a disability pension and i can do that lethal injection would probably be better than a shotgun to the head it doesn't matter where I go I get censored people either don't like what I'm saying or they don't think I'm a real person because of course someone who films their entire life can't be a real person if they are why are they intruding on my conscious awareness. That's reserved for advertisements. What is he trying to sell? How many times have I asked you for money? You don't even need to know how to count

to answer that question. What is the catch? I won't tell you, but it has something to do with the fate of your soul on and unrelated note yes unrelated entirely the more you treat me poorly the more powerful I get my book Ivory Heart explained it all but that was censored so no soup for you all you need to know that by watching my films you are attached to some sort of spiritual investment regarding its content. Kind of but not exactly. But don't worry I am

just a preliminary waiting for Ivory. She'll probably be much nicer about it all than i am but maybe she won't we'll just have to see why would i be embarrassed who is there in my life who i would you know be concerned about like look at my life it's just me why do i care why do i care about any of you can i say bang bang if i am a kid then there is no harm in romancing your daughters so why would i delete everything the advertising process is such a fun one there is way way way way way way more negative comments than positive ones and that's how it's always been but the thing is people don't actually watch things they'll just like watch a minute or two and then they'll make their judgment so you know good job you're so smart yeah let's let's suffocate you out of existence people have threatened to kill me thousands of times in my life even more than that people encouraged me to commit suicide it's really good to see that there's a lot of really good people that are doing really good things in this world too bad it only happens in my imagination this guy keeps on trying to add me see he reads it and he keeps on trying to add me even though you saw me delete him so let's get rid of him delete request i don't think there's anything that can cause this anymore for me just look how quickly humans make their judgments at least there are electronics to tell me that they love me I really want to release my old work I gotta wait for her god I probably won't finder. Yep, that's about right. How healthy do you think his soul is? Do you think God will welcome

him into the gates of heaven? What did people expect to be the nature of God? Come enter my kingdom, my child. You were cruel to your fellow man. You were cruel to your fellow animal. And

you are cruel to your environment. Come on, let's have a party. Let's go into the kingdom of heaven. Oh, you didn't believe in me. Oh, well, what do we do now? Like, you know, I'm

here. Like, how do we proceed? Uh, I do exist, you know? Like, look, like, you're dead and, you know, now you're trying to get in on the party. Like, you know, what were you thinking

why you're alive. Maybe it would be more like, oh, your name's not here. Let me look into this. I'm not sure. Oh, Wendell took your soul. Sorry. See you later. Actually, you

wouldn't get that far. Upon your death, there would be nothing else. You can pause it. Learn pause. Learn pause. I don't want to have to wait over this all the time. Huh, yeah, as if. You know

the pause button? Yeah, pause button. Everybody. Let me tell you what that message is. There is

your paragraph. My life is like this on a day-to-day basis. I'm just pointing at one day for you. The thing is, is that this is just the beginning.

Once I become known, like before, I'll get it all the time. And this was nothing, too. Maybe you'll see. I caught some really horrible things in my old work.

I will never get funding. I don't work well with other people. After I finish my degree, if I can't leech off the government for the rest of my life, I should just get a crap job and just keep on making videos against society. The only way I can get into honors in philosophy is if I get distinctions for all of my units this semester.

And I don't think I'll be able to do that. I've never been able to do it before.

If I am a narcissist, you need to look at why. And if you look at my lack of social relationships within the world, then there's only one person that I can zoom in on. Transcendental philosophy is the doctrine of complex ideas, which contain the whole of synthetic a priori knowledge from concepts in a system both of theoretical speculative and moral practical reason. Under a principle through which the thinking subject constitutes itself, as person, and itself the originator of this system of ideas.

Our experience is guaranteed by the relational nature of our human understanding, not the other way around. That is, our understanding is formed by experience. We can only know appearances, never things in themselves. Yet noumena must have the property of relation, otherwise there would be no possibility for us to intuit them.

there must be relation between us and the world otherwise an absurd proposition would follow that there is appearance without anything that appears so if there is no relations between substances there is no possibility of knowledge that means that 75% downvoted it my work is for those who are evolving beyond that what am I going on about that's what I'm going on about how low can we go it's called the limbo oh wink in order to understand myself as a person who exists I must posit myself as a sense object in space and time and at the same time an object of the understanding to myself I am a person consequently a moral being who has rights you're like 16 dude nice try though you're just in a phase of your life and when you decide to come out of it that'll be fine and we'll all be happy to have you with us here in reality does that mean I can date your 16-year-old daughter please bang there's your reality do you see how I'm using film like it doesn't matter if I'm censored at all because I capture what I want to capture and those are my bags so that's what I take around with me everywhere I don't care about all these physical possessions like all this stuff's not mine I wouldn't do this I guess I would if I settled down with my girl you know we could just travel instead like live a happy and frugal life like not get into the whole materialism thing collecting possessions just that collect more possessions not get into that habit I'm doing this to try to find someone specials try to find someone unique and you know just getting into that life of just collecting things and that's I don't know I mean if you want to do that then we can do that but but it's not about the possessions it's about who you have around you and I want to have you around me and I'll do anything that I can to have you around me I already did this video diary is it maybe you can show it to her for me see if she is receptive to me at all very did but this is how our society is wired it is the only thing in which they understand why are people so stupid it's like the link which he knows he just wanted to say something stupid whatever good it will do the system tends to produce certain kinds of people who end up doing certain kinds of things yeah Our consumers, not producers, so what I was saying before, we're only, we feel human now when we consume rather than when we produce, yeah? And the things that we buy are more an expression of who we are now rather than the things we make. Over my career as a filmmaker, how many people do you think in which criticized me watched an entire production? okay so let me tell you what happened this was december 2012 and i was working on my first feature film that's ivory heart and that's the one in which won an award um that the day i released it was the day i got that tattoo um yeah but i was inquiring whether anybody wanted to do these kind of films with me and i had about 500 people interested in it but then they inquired into the content and they didn't like it so they banned me so then I got cut off from all my open source stars oh I'm so freaking awesome girl with blue hair let's see how long it'll take them to ban me over 500 people what would have happened if i didn't have that secret let's just rub it in their faces can you even think about how big these productions are okay so look i just posted this one and there you go okay so it took him four minutes to make a decision about a tv show that's this long bang and that's assuming that he saw it straight away I'm trying to show you guys how screwed up our collective psychology is it's the same guy he must have an awesome life you know sitting on reddit and just watching out for posts so he can you know flame them that is why you have to do this girl because there are different sociological conditions between males and females and if a girl did this man males would dig it and it doesn't matter how beautiful I am like this is how I'm treated and if you did it and males dug it and your friends did it and other people dug it then yeah eventually this type of media would become commonplace and receptive to our inferior brains you have to train dogs not to poop in their own backyard or maybe teach them only to poop in one corner and not mine it's been about five years since I've seen or even spoken to either of my parents they did not want me and not vice versa too many sheeples because this is the way to do it 13% upvoted I wonder what will happen if I take mine off let's refresh it and got a message from develop the coast so let's develop the coast by you need to talk to family or friends or someone you appear to be having a psychotic episode three psychiatric words so they say because my entire life is a psychotic episode because of course I spend my entire life trying to be like the sheeples and when your systems take me and throw me into a psychiatric ward that is the assumption that hey this guy should be like everybody else and he not so yeah let's incarcerate him and medicate him and yeah that will be good for him that will help him that will fix him I am glad that I have a demon within me I am glad that I don't have many friends because most of you really suck I am very happy with my life and the worst thing in the world to me is to become like everybody else. Maybe I often idealize suicide but I promise you that

it's not because of me and I don't care what any of you think because I'm only looking for one person. Minerva. Thank you God for giving me a special path in life and even if I don't find her thank you for not allowing me to be like everybody else even without her it was a life that was spent focusing on the most important aspects of it maybe I am a 31 year old nobody living in Australia but at least I'm not a drone. How many people do you suck up to in life? I know

the quality of my work. I take university courses all the time and not just the ones in which my university provides me. I have downloaded many many many many courses over my lifetime so I know what I'm giving you here so nothing you can say can convince me otherwise and this is the reason for the device because I really hate society and to a certain extent everyone who participates in it I need to talk to my girl I need to talk to you ivory because then there won't be so much hostility there is other reasons why the government censored me regarding the government but i can't tell you that or i'll probably get in trouble again there is a big occult presence in canberra and it was regarding what they do it's why i came out about all of this and now you're missing an important detail that I can't feel. Maybe if I find her you'll get it in my old work. The government is very powerful and they can

do anything that they want and all they have to do is cover it up in paperwork. How else do you think the dominant ideology is enforced? There's not many people girl that actually watch my videos in their entirety I don't know how I'm going to find you just wasting my time wasting my life alone without family only a handful of friends as Barney from The Simpsons says don't feel sorry for me I'm already dead I just don't understand why God would call me to do this if I was just going to fail at least I know it was God because if it was Satan I would have succeeded and very quickly reflecting back on it all for the first time I am speechless the project not only ruined my life but also ruined my chances to find a romantic partner anyway let's stop feeling sorry for ourselves and get down to work okay the first thing is the mechanism of the apparatus and that's this camera here and as you can see I'm in my car and I have a light and this little swivel thing I know you can't see it but see it like it swivels in my left hand and I can see the screen and see I can turn it around I can still see me and then I can turn around I just hold my left hand on the swivel thing and in the screen flips every time I do that too I got this little zoom button which I can zoom in really far and as long as I got a steady hand it'll get a good shot. I got a focus thing but the only time I bother with it is if I'm going to do a long distance shot like the moon or something like that. Otherwise I'll

just play with the auto focus. It doesn't matter too much. It's too much messing around and you can hear the boom boom boom like your finger going boom boom boom on it and it jerks the camera a little bit it's not worth it um just used auto most of the time um yeah so i got the environment that's around me i got me um i got what clothes i wear i got you know what jewelry i wear um i got what uh color i dye my hair um i got all the um the things that you know belong to me i got my cigarettes like sorry that's um kind of what it's doing and you know i got these things too so like um what can i make of you know having this camera and having this record button uh record button on and also um the directions of light so i've got this light and and see you can see it's different now so we got a different atmosphere and we got this now and we can we turn this one off or we can turn um this one off uh there we go see i'm usually better at it and like so each time like each of these are different atmospheres and you can see that you got that focusing on so they each create a different environment so I got all these environments in which I'm in which is really only one environment and then I have this camera and this camera can record it can record me turning it off with the power button rather than pressing the button that's right beside it which is the light so there is some bad implementation there with the camera um it shouldn't even have a power button i close this swivel and it turns off um but the power the light used to actually be on the swivel here over i can't even do it like it's over this direction um at the end of the swivel um on my other camera which is also a sony this one's a little bit worse quality but it has a tiny bit better zoom and i don't know i kind of like this thing because the quality it puts out is perfect um which which the other one was too good and i can just keep this thing at maximum so get a sony though and get a sony with one of those good digital zooms and make sure you get one with the light they're hard to find um the lights like you're going to be recording whatever time it doesn't matter this is your log book and the thing is what you got to think about with your logbook is how are you going to create that logbook? What sort of thoughts and memories do you want to save? So I am, like someone said, a video diary. This is a video diary because

it's all the most important parts of my life, all the most important feelings, my emotions, how I think about things how and I build from what these thoughts so these kind of create a mountain or maybe I'm building a pyramid but you got to start with the foundation so how are you going to build this so if you want to record your your most important things in life how are you going to do that and how are you going to do it where you can look back on it and really enjoy it and think you're awesome too like i don't care if people think i'm awesome because i see how awesome i am all the time um so how like and you got to do this too because you know you shouldn't care like you're you're doing this because this is what you do this is what you're built to do um which is to uh not great you got to ground yourself in this life and and there's all these thoughts and these ideas and these things that are going around all the time and it's and people are doing you know the world's not a good place so where are you going to start and and what type of person do you want to become because if the world's really not a good place then why why would you want to be a part of that like that's dangerous territory so you got to build your foundations from the ground up and how you create your videos and how you build your videos is how you build your thoughts because your thoughts will become this because as you produce it you'll learn and then you'll look back on it because you'll want to look back on your work because you because your work's awesome and you like it and you're really only creating it for you because this is your life how are you going to live it well this is the best way to live it so let's live it on camera with all of our uh our ideals our our feelings about things our our values and and how we live life our actions um so we got the the theory but we we have we need the action too um so we got to do these two things we got to synchronize them and the way that we can do that is by forever saving memories not only imprinted within ourselves but imprinted into the world never to to be missed again you're going to capture every beautiful moment that that you can do to the best of your ability because the thing is you can delete it if you don't like it so you got to do it to the best of your ability and you got to be really really proud of it at the end and and you you got to think uh like who said those words i said those words i'm proud that i said those words so what are you going to say to the camera like it's really really important um the thoughts in which you record because they'll come back not one not only to haunt you but to support you and to back you up like people morally have no grounds against what i say um they can not be comfortable about what I say, but I'm actually in the moral high ground. And why is that? Because I built my philosophy, my life, my soul on camera. And it took me doing that in order for me not to go against myself and do something become a type of person that I would have later come to regret and the thing is is I was smart because I was a kid a child and I thought about this and I go well where where I want to be what I want to be right now forever and I have to figure out what it is that I want to be because that's going to be ingrained in time and space to outlive your own physical corporeal existence so this is how we have to figure out how to portray meaning and that is why meaning is so important and that is why i've been spending so much time on this investigating essays and books and readings that were related to meaning, because what I mean is the most important thing in which I could express, because if I could mean what I say, then I could stand by what I say until the day I die.

But in order to do that, I had to say the best of things.

And in order to do that, on camera, I had to be the best.

So you have different angles. I don't know, do I have a bad angle?

Play around with it. And, you know, ultimately, I deserve a young lady. and I would be really good for her and the details around that what is it your business like I'm not doing anything wrong I just want you know a young adult that I can spend the rest of my life with I don't want an old fart I'd be her prince if she would only let me I have slaughtered many dragons who have captivated her and I have climbed up many towers to finally get here. I hate when that happens because then when I'm watching it it's gonna annoy me. And now that

I have gotten to the top and I have finally reached your eyes. Please come chase me. I'm worth it. I'll prove it to you for the rest of my life. I'm not sure if you could see, but this is the last

episode because it completed the thought and it started Project Notebook which is going to be the funding proposal which will be to teach people how to use a camera, their camera, camera that you're going to go out and get now that you can then log your life and you could log all the most important things for you and that's not around like dates of appointments or whatever it's about what's important to you in life and what you want to remember and then you publish that online so that will make you really smart and if i can make a convincing proposal that it would be good to have a community organization around doing this to provide support for people who want to learn this and how it would ultimately be good for the community because we would open up as people a lot more and we could connect better and we could learn about how different types of people work if anybody's interested if you're not interested then you're probably not watching this far and it doesn't matter so and if you are watching this far like good good on you like it was hard was it hard like That's so not, like, what you would normally get in a production. Have you ever seen anything like this before? How was it? Did you enjoy the symposium?

Did you read that like you should have? Because it was amazing, and that kind of tugged at my heart in ways that kind of provoked me to do this, to do all this. Um, so, that, I guess that was my symposium. I, I guess I'd kind of just, see, I, I complete other thoughts, too, because that goes back to, um, me getting back, back into filming with my symposium because I stopped for, like, over a year, um, so, because, because of all that happened, um, so, now I'm back.

But I can't just keep on filming content for you because you're going to be overwhelmed. So I have to now think clearly about where I want to go next. And I think that's probably going to be in life and hopefully helping people do this sort of thing. So that's what you need to do, girl.

um you want to catch me go out get a camera and and then start start filming your life like this and be be whatever you want you know um i am so many things that that people thought impossible um become the best you can be and and you know be be it like i'm so high be imaginary that is what I was trying to say like make up yourself and be that and you can be whatever you want to be so be it it'll be fun it's our little game foolish mortals they believe you think crazy things can you see girl this website template will be yours this is the old website and it's going to be built better than this. See it's kind of buggy and text looks strange but it's going to allow you to put all your videos there and you can see you can have a little bit of text there and yeah. So let's see. Come on. Awesome. So we're going to, can I

Do it without pressing the power button. Am I going to, okay, there we go. Um, yeah, so we'll have open source code to have a website template that can post your videos like this. And here's how we do it.

Why is hanging out in a car not normal? It's so fun. Especially alone.

This is from Star Now.

They really were. They really are a great community. A vagum, a vagum, only because they threw me out. So sorry you don't get to see this come to fruition.

But here's the deal. I'll introduce Project Notebook as a bearded man. Just think about it logically. So, okay, I gotta make a video.

What am I gonna make a video of? well I got me so I can use me and then okay so then I got out there and I can use out there so what could I talk about that would be cool and the thing is I'm gonna have to relive this again not only once but again and probably again and again and again so what am I gonna say you gotta figure out the best stuff to say so what is the best stuff to say well that is up to you and the thing is is that you can make it whatever is your best so let's look at each other's best that's how we can become interesting people um so the content you give me try to make it meaningful to you so it can mean something to me do you see what i'm saying like if it means something to you then it will mean something to me you'll stuff up a lot and sometimes you'll ruin scenes or sometimes you'll film something really awesome but you had a boogie up your nose I've done that once so you got to determine what you release and you'll delete a lot so be prepared to delete a lot only show your best and if you can do your best first take then awesome it It took me a lot of takes to be able to do my best first take most of the time. What are you going to talk about? Are you going to talk about the weather or are you going to talk about how your day was?

No, no. Not unless it's relevant to the story that you've strung along for yourself and that's what I mean because you can start thoughts and just stop them at any time and then continue them off where you left off so it's a really easy way to keep track of your own thoughts your own direction in life and make sure you stay focused towards your goals and you can choose those goals even if they're they're really far-fetched uh you can still maybe potentially if you're good enough have a chance at reaching them well what are you going to talk about well you know what's the best thing to talk about hmm well what is the best thing Well, that means we got best, you know, we got thing. Well, you know, what does that mean? And I guess, you know, Filia and Sophia, you know, love of wisdom, maybe that might be the best thing.

If I am to hold only one belief, that is that philosophy is good for our species, you should get a Star Now account.

Don't use it to audition for crap. Recruit other people to help you do cool stuff that you want to do. Just be really, really hesitant to let other people in on your stuff. takes a while did you do it or is this the first episode you've watched or did you watch them out of sequence haha oh yeah okay yeah do most of your stuff alone or with me yeah definitely weird people you need to get one let's post this one to the entire world come be a star with me any princess who cannot be my Messiah isn't worthy of me. Let it be true. Secrets remain safe from those

who judge too quickly. Tied up within the web that I spin. Maybe one day they will get out and they will either make me or break me. For the one who endured through this entire show. Now I ask you, have you ever learned any more than I am

conveying in one unit of study? That's the only thing that matters. If you have, then I encourage you to go find that teacher and tell them to teach open source. You can tell them God sent a prophet to tell them to teach online. I have been praying the

wrong prayer because I am not Pygmalion. Dear Venus, please give me one. Please help me find the Messiah. Good luck. You'll need it. And don't worry about what anyone says. You're doing the

right thing. If you're going for me, good luck too because you're about to run to a disaster because people around aren't going to like that. If you're going to take this path and you're not after me, then come be my friend. That's what we're here for, to learn off each other. If you'll have me, I'll dedicate my entire life to you. I love you with all of

my heart, and I don't even know your name. Please do subscribe to me. It would mean a lot to have your support. Because my plan is the only plan where crazy people get to rule the world.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



12-My-Dating-Profile-Episode-11-The-Future-Of-Online-Dating

My name is Wendell Charles NeSmith and welcome to the future of online dating. I am its first prototype. And now, thanks to the electronic highway of information, you can date me, one, without me even knowing. And two, from the comfort of your own home. I am unique and require

a specific type of person in order to flourish within my environment. Here is what I require in my romantic other. She needs to be young. She needs to be gorgeous because she's going to be doing the camera with me she needs to do philosophy so we got to study philosophy together philosophy is really awesome help you all along the way we can be awesome we can be awesome philosophers together and yeah you gotta love god but if you don't so much right now i can work on that can work with what i'm given what god is or could be is an awesome topic for discussion I would prefer her to be in Australia but she can be anywhere in the world it's just going to be a lot more difficult I have major abandonment issues and I need her to heal me I grew up on camera and the whole time was trying to do this so I don't expect to succeed but I could it's possible but succeeding in this mission is not the issue what I have done is opened up new pathways new opportunities for people in the future I created a dating game one way more sophisticated than any you have ever seen and there's no dollar behind it look at that tree how awesome is that tree I am flawed I am NOT a perfect person but I am NOT a normal person either and eventually my flaws become strengths if you're interested now you can get to know my personality examine how I react under duress and see if we are potentially compatible and if you think that we might be then what you should do is start making videos like this and tell me all of what I have done has never been done before and despite my mental inadequacies I am a genius and I don't care if anybody wants to challenge me on that because those people that do don't watch what I do and if you want to say I'm an idiot if you want to say I'm retarded if you want to put me down any then do so after you examine my work this is my work this is an introduction to my work I am NOT stupid I am a philosopher and not an armchair one my My friends tell me I'm asking too much by asking for a philosopher.

But all throughout my journeys I've seen people wanting to be with people who are of their own field so like a graphic designer once a graphic designer or a web programmer or something you know in the same field. So because I was invested was called into philosophy because it's so unique I don't have a choice in finding another philosopher and marrying her, like what's the problem? The thing is that we would be awesome together because who changes the world? Who changes the world?

It's the philosophers that change the world. Every single groundbreaking idea, scheme, plan, ideal, every single one was created philosophy because you can't have a practical application if you don't have the philosophy so let's do philosophy girl with the rest of our lives and we can really have a chance at really changing the world and and how are we going to do it we're going to do it with heart which means all the disadvantaged people in the world all the people that are hurting all the tears all the crying all of the suffering that's in the world that's where we're invested into and you know what we're there to do we're there to alleviate it, we're there to analyze it, we're there to examine it and we're there to construct foundations in which can heal the issues for all of society for the rest of time. So that's our mission and I guess if you accept but the thing is if you're my ivory, if you're my girl you're gonna be really receptive to this and you'll be like hey I'm totally digging this guy. So now I I ask you, I beg of you, please do philosophy, please do film, please spend the rest of your life with me, making film, while doing philosophy.

My entire world would revolve around ensuring your happiness.

For I am your disciple, and you will become much, much more than me. So if you are interested, go to my website. That is nesmith.net. That is N-E-S-M-I-T-H dot net. That's November Echo Sierra Mike India Tango Hotel dot net.

and you'll see the post getting in trouble videos and if I find you then I'll post all the rest that I did which is like over 300 videos like lots and lots and lots and lots and lots of hours it's all to you but you can't see that now because I got in trouble for doing it and the only way I can't get in trouble now for re-releasing them is if i find you um before i re-release them and i guess if if you end up with me you'll eventually find out why i don't have high expectations for this working because i have been trying to do it now for about six years but whether or not this works within our modern day society is irrelevant because this is the best option for online dating and not just online dating for all dating because you get to learn and know the person through their productions instead of of just seeing a profile and then chatting back and forth and also it shows how serious you are about finding that person because how serious I am I like dedicating you know the last six years to finding her and And that's including my travel, so it's my physical, my real existence, like where I'm going to try to find her. And it's including all the content that I've given you. I've given so much content, and a lot of it's controversial, but I'm a philosopher, so what's it supposed to be, oh, everybody's just going to shake their heads. But the thing is, what happens with philosophers is everything they say in their modern time, people look down on them and think, oh, this guy's crazy.

this guy doesn't know what he's talking about this guy you know he's a fool a jester um but but the thing is is that after they pass eventually eventually society catches up and realizes that what they said was true and they're like oh oops oops you know so we got so many philosophers throughout our history who who were preaching something that was very very important meaningful um meaningful statements about the way that society exists which people ignore and then after they're gone then everybody's like hey um we should have listened and that's the reason i'm trying to find you because the thing is like i'm just some crazy guy talking to the camera but the thing is you're a gorgeous girl and you have um the rest of your life ahead of you to study philosophy and you know develop your personality and and um and you know give it to the camera you know the world's gonna love you it's different it's there's different sociological conditions around a guy, it doesn't matter how beautiful I am, and a girl, because the society we live, how we live, I don't know how else to explain it, just connect the dots. When society sees a beautiful girl who is not only giving her heart to the world on camera but also teaching everybody philosophy really good philosophy how are people going to react you automatically get respect you take it okay I'm a feminist but not in the sense that you think I think women should and can take over the world really easily by using their appeal to their advantage and by becoming really smart and even smarter than men, then they can make better decisions about the way society should progress and basically rule over those decisions because of their appeal. But the thing is that I don't really like girls. I don't like any girls.

I think they're really... It's not just girls, it's guys. Everybody. I don't like humans.

I really don't like humans. um but the thing is is we could be so much more instead of some girl you know being stupid on camera maybe she could actually you know put her heart out there and and um show meaning and you know what we're doing is not good these movies that we're spending billions of dollars on like why are we doing that like we could be helping people in third world countries and like how How do these movies really benefit anybody? They give you, what, an hour and 25, an hour and 30 minutes of slight entertainment and you probably won't even like it at the end? We could be investing ourselves in so many meaningful opportunities that we let escape just because we're driven around the dollar.

But back to feminism, I think that for me, as the male counterpart, I would be displaying an example to males and as the female counterpart should be displaying an example to females so what stars do we have in our society and really should they be stars you know have they put the the dedication have they put the the love into their investments are they just after a dollar um like we got to really assess who our current role models in society are and then and then if there's none that are worthwhile then we should become them and that's what me and you should do girl we'll be like the philosopher team we should make a name I'll wait for you to make the name. Patriarchy or matriarchy? Well that would depend on the role models within society. If we can develop a whole bunch of really good female role models, then maybe we should do a matriarchy. And if we develop a whole

bunch of male role models who are really good influences, then maybe we should do a patriarchy. Or if we can balance it and develop a lot of cool males and a lot of cool females who who have, you know, their heart into changing the world, becoming better people, uniting together, then maybe we can hold hands and have equal yin and yang relationship within society. But right now, you know, everything revolves around people being selfish. Is this selfish for me to display my heart to the camera like this? Like, what is it to be selfish?

like yeah I want to get a girl but you know I'm doing this for a lot of reasons and I don't even think I'm gonna get a girl I think I'll be alone for the rest of my life I've been alone for six and a half years now like it's not I'm messed up and and that's probably like don't you don't want me I'm crazy do you You want a crazy person?

So if I had an effect on you and you are interested in getting to know more about this individual in which now stands before you or like i guess that would be what you consider standing before you um if you're interested then i recommend you watch the my symposium trilogy and then after that cross of man and i don't know how many more productions i'm going to have after that but if you look on my internet movie database too you'll see i have lots and lots of productions over many years they're all for you and I will re-release them all when we get married the person in which we spend the rest of our life with is the most important decision of our lives and because of that I have dedicated my entire life making movies for you videos TV shows writing books giving my heart to you in order to find a relationship like the one in which I propose so I hope you enjoyed the introduction the video is going here bang welcome to the future of online dating. Welcome to the first real online dating profile ever to exist. I hope you enjoy my soul displayed on camera for the entire world to see. Can you see?



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



12-My-Dating-Profile-Episode-12-Perfect-Second-Date

My name is Wendell, and this is my dating profile.

It has always been my dream to find a woman online who wants to make videos with me and then marry her. So this is my best attempt at making that happen. My background is in IT, but my degree was in philosophy, and I did post-grad, which was a graduate certificate in education.

I have lots of certificates and two degrees, and I'm considering applying to do a master's as well. I live a beautiful life in Canberra, the capital of Australia, and I have good friendships here, and I have good family support online. I have established a life here in Canberra and do not wish to leave so the right woman will want to move in with me the only exception to this would be a very very good offer but I've spent a lot of time and effort putting my roots down here and establishing a place that can be suitable for both of us this is a beautiful city we have all of it to adventure in and I have a queen-sized bed enough said I really enjoy walking in the bush I really enjoy spending time with friends and I really enjoy technology. I live very comfortably on a pension and am not looking for work so when you get me you get all of me.

Generally I am quite shy. My Myers-Briggs personality type is INFP. I am compassionate and feel the pain of others and I do what I can in this life to alleviate suffering where I find it and I'm a philosopher so generally I study suffering and then invent creative ways to eradicate that suffering. I love making videos and editing images and writing books. I have been writing ever

Ever since I can remember, I love being romantic. I want more than anything in this world to spend my life romancing one special girl. I thought very carefully about how I could do this most effectively because I have many failed attempts at something like this in the past and I think this format will be most effective and if I can get it to work then the relationship will be on camera from the beginning to the end when we get married and what I really require in a partner is for her to make videos with me so monkey see monkey do monkey see monkey do I wear my heart on my sleeve and am honest with everything in which I discuss so this has gotten me in a little trouble over my life so my life is divided into eras and this is the beginning of a new one my dating profile I established roots in my past work and it was actually called my dating profile the TV show but I didn't enact it the way that I should have I should have just dedicated the channel entirely to be my dating profile so that's what I'm doing this time because I want my intentions to be upfront from the beginning I use a little handycam to do this Sony but you can use your phone and you don't have to start doing this until you know that I'm the right one for you so make sure that we're compatible and then let's go all in on this because we can make this really fun if we just play our cards right and I got a perfect platform here set up for us so we can fall in love online and then get married publicly for anybody who's interested to see and that is is what I call romantic. What I need in a wife is someone to make videos with and to spiritually connect with and to talk about everything with and to live life with and not separate like most relationships these days live two separate lives And I don't want to do that.

I want to live one life under God.

Therefore shall a man leave his father and his mother and shall cleave unto his wife, and they shall be one flesh. The thing is, when you know exactly what you want, you can go all in on it. I know exactly what I want, and hopefully these videos will give you an idea whether or not I'm what you want. I love God with all of my heart, all of my mind, and all of my spirit, and I try to live like Christ every day.

The most important thing to me in this life is living an ethical life. I'm very concerned about morality, and I am obsessed with trying to make sure I always do the right thing.

You must be the change you wish to see in the world. If God isn't your primary focus in life, then we could never work. Refined Search, Christian Female Singles, Living in Australia.

There's my target.

My favorite philosopher is Saint Nietzsche, and I really love sociology. I love watching TV shows, especially comedies, ones that are funny without being derogatory.

I am a musician. I primarily play the ukulele and sing, but I can play a little bit of keyboard and guitar. I moved from the U.S. to Australia when I was 14 years old and have been here for most of that since, with the exception of a few times when I went back and one time when I went to Mexico.

I traveled around Australia for six years straight and found Canberra to be the best place that I have ever been to. It's very beautiful here, it's very clean, and the people are very friendly. This life was given to us by God and we have a responsibility for it. So I want a partner who can hold my hands and walk this life morally side by side with me.

if this project fails it doesn't matter I've tried everything else and this is the last thing that I can think of doing so let's give it a good shot and live with no regrets blurring the lines of what we can find define the kind and I'll I'll make her mine, for I can find this girl of mine, I just have to reach her.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



12-My-Dating-Profile-Episode-13-My-Spiritual-Journey

So the Lord God caused a deep sleep to fall upon the man, and while he slept, took one of his ribs and closed up its place with flesh. And the rib that the Lord God had taken from the man, he made into a woman and brought her to the man. I became a Christian when I was six years old. I was at chapel and we had just learned the story of Daniel and the lion's den and I was compelled by the story because oh my goodness if my God can close the mouths of starving lions to save his servants.

then my God is amazingly powerful and my God is the right God for me I was raised in a Christian household so my God was always my God but I didn't feel compelled to become a Christian until I was six years old since then I've had my ups and downs, but my entire life has been dedicated to fulfilling God's will. The Bible has helped me in life more than any other book. The Bible is divine and there's more wisdom hidden within it than any other place on this earth. Love is patience. Love is kind. It does not envy. It does not boast. It is not proud. It does not dishonor others. It is not self-seeking. It is not easily angered. It keeps no record of wrongs.

Love does not delight in evil, but rejoices with the truth. It always protects, always trusts, always hopes, always perseveres. I feel that my spiritual journey has been very reactive, like stuff happens, and I just have to react to it, and the way my heart is aligned will determine how I react to it. and I can see a big plan like my life is a big plan just as the world is a big plan and to be honest every single individual's life is a big plan but it's like I don't see the plan but I'm just working reactively so working reactively reactively um but but as time goes on you can start to see that plan unfold so you can start to see your life move into fruition from the actions you took in your past because the actions that you take every single second make you as a person which is why it's so important that we choose to do good things with our time.

God has a plan for your life if you just trust in Him, and as time goes on, you will begin to understand the bigger picture.

What is ministry? My ministry is my dating profile.

Write, therefore, what you have seen, what is now, and what will take place later.

My pen is the pixels of the camera.

Two are better than one because they have a good return for their hard work. If either should fall, one can pick up the other. But how miserable are those who fall and don't have a companion to help them up? Alas, if two lie down together, they can stay warm.

But how can anyone stay warm alone? Also, one can be overpowered, but two can put up resistance. A three-ply cord doesn't easily snap.

Because a marriage takes three. The Trinity. Husband, wife, and God.

Why do bad things happen? more specifically why do bad things happen to good people everything in this life is a test that has been situated for us to overcome and from that overcoming we grow spiritually so when bad things happen we learn the errors of our thought processes and then are unable to correct them. We make who we are in each now moment and I have always very much been aware of each now moment and obsessively wanting to focus and spend that time doing something productive and worthwhile and what is worthwhile in this world I've seen so many people just waste away their lives and it makes me very sad because there is untapped potential there that could be utilized the efforts of boredom and laziness can be replaced with passion and that would lead to living a fulfilling life I'm always doing something meaningful whether it's working on a video writing a book or helping someone with something my life is always filled with meaningful work and interactions even if I take a break and chill out and watch a TV show or binge watch a TV show I'm still in the process of accomplishing these goals and I see so many people in life that have have no direction. They just live life to live another day and there's no meaning in life for them because they haven't sunk their teeth in an occupation that can occupy their body mind and spirit why god why has thou forsaken me i know a lot of times it feels like that but that's never the case god is always right by your side even when it doesn't feel like it

i've had three serious relationships in my life the first one i married for seven years and she left me. The second one I knew for a year and we got engaged and then she left me. The third one we were dating online for almost a year and she then wanted me to kill myself with her and I had to break up with her for that. And in each of these relationships, I attempted to merge into them and become one flesh, as the Bible says, and spiritually unite, connect, and be together as a powerful spiritual entity.

and each of these relationships didn't work out because they were not capable of doing that or they didn't want to do that. So that's why I have these three failed relationships because I couldn't find the right person to merge into. This world's hard. To find someone who's righteous is a hard task. To find someone who cares about God and morality is not simple. To find someone who isn't promiscuous is a difficult task.

and dating apps just don't work they're designed to make money continuously and not to set you up with the right person and they make it really difficult to connect with people and talk with them and they feel very useless to me what I'm trying to do is use these dating apps and then sending my videos to them linking them when I meet someone, but it's difficult to do that when you can't get in contact with anybody. It's like a big echo chamber. People in this world just don't think that relationships are that important anymore. We think of it as like an extracurricular activity and highly personal meaning that it's rare for people to set up other people and I think that's really weird I hope that I get someone that likes my content that then knows someone else that could be appropriate for me and then refers them to me like that would be a cool way to meet a girl through a matchmaker and we don't really do matchmakers anymore like finding love is something that isn't a priority for society but is instead replaced with the individual and they don't make it easy at all to find love and they make it very embarrassing like how embarrassing is it to make a dating profile on YouTube publicly like I have to get over that people are so promiscuous in this world most people won't even consider dating you if your values are no sex until marriage and those are my values so we can't have sex until marriage but hopefully a wedding won't take very long because once you know what you want you can go all in on it I know how important it is is to find the right woman. I will never mistreat you because you will help me reach the stars

while I also help you reach the stars. Dear God, thank you that I can eat and am not starving. Thank you that I have everything I need and thank you for providing for me so I don't need more. Thank you for giving me a beautiful life, beautiful friends and beautiful family.

Thank you for enabling me to be creative enough to make films like this and write books. And thank you for allowing me to live this life. this life, giving me a chance, an opportunity to try to show how important you are in it. Thank you for your grace and your sacrifice.

Thank you for giving us everything that we need to live comfortably in you. thank you for showing yourself to us thank you for being there for us and never looking away thank you for always helping us through every situation and thank you for the sight that you give to your followers thank you for being the best god that you could be amen



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



12-My-Dating-Profile-Episode-14-God-of-This-City

You're the god of this city. You're the king of these people. You're the lord of this nation. You are. You're the light in this darkness. You're the hope to the hopeless. You're the peace to the restless. You are.

There is no one like our God, no one like our God, kings are still to the city, you're the king of these people, you're the lord of this nation, you're the light in this dark, you're the hope to the hopeless, you're the peace to the restless, you are.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



12-My-Dating-Profile-Episode-15-As-The-Deer

As the deer panteth for the water, so my soul longeth after Thee. You alone are my heart's desire, and I long to worship Thee. You alone are my strength, my shield, and may my spirit yield.

You alone are my heart's desire, and I long to worship Thee. My friend, and you are my brother Even though you are more than any other So much more than him You're my strength, my shield You may my spirit, you are my heart Desire and I long to worship thee



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



12-My-Dating-Profile-Episode-16-Wear-My-Ring

All you my love In years have I longed to find you Years blow away like dust To find you is a must For we will be beautiful too You write a chapter, you write a chapter Now you have video to master What do you say where my ring fits in? You just have to see and slow Listen to my song Come on sing along For you are my queen Let me show you how to play For we will be beautiful too You write a chapter, you write a chapter Now you have video to master What do you say wear my ring



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



12-My-Dating-Profile-Episode-17-How-to-Be-Happy-Single

I'm here to explain to you why it is irrational to be unhappy merely because you can't find your significant other. Just be you is really good advice because if you weren't you and you attracted someone, then you would have to be someone other than you to keep that. By you being you, you ensure that the other person truly likes you for who you are.

People are unique. You won't be happy with just anyone. You need someone that is perfect for you. And to be honest, if you can't find that, then it's better to be alone.

there's no one to get upset or angry at we're all different people and we require different things if someone rejects you then that's not a bad thing because it would not have worked out anyway because they weren't interested in you that's why it's so important that people are interested in you because you want to have a really close connection with someone. If you like someone that doesn't like you, then don't worry about it because it was never meant to be because if they're not attracted to you as a person, then it would never work anyway. Why are you getting frustrated because you can't find them? They're not out there right now for you. They're not accessible to you right

now and you need to be happy within yourself before you can be happy with another. I write books and I make videos and I hope to attract my other half through these books and videos and I do that because it's what I love doing and the right person will be very attracted to that. So, I don't really have to do much except what I'm passionate about, put it out there, and then see if anybody's interested. And if there are people that are interested, then it doesn't mean that we have to be together. We can find friends through our dating process.

I never feel that I might have missed an opportunity because I jump on my opportunities. I write books and I make films about the most important topics to my heart and through that process I hope to find my other half and I'm not saying that you should write books and you should make films I'm saying that you should cling on to what you're most passionate about and then throw that out there and then wait for the right person to be attracted to specifically that about you how logical is it for me to go oh where is she where is she why can't I find her why can't I find her or how illogical is it for me to go oh none of the girls like me oh none of the girls like me yeah like that doesn't make any sense because it's like hey this is my soul and if you're not interested then we wouldn't work out anyway so it's perfect doing what you're passionate about being you and throwing that out there throwing that in the world and see if anybody bites onto that. I have a lot of people who like my posts, but I very rarely receive comments on my posts, because I am very deep and most people just aren't capable. Hey girl, you, the one who can't comprehend what I'm saying.

Yes, do you want to be my wife? It's the same when Christians try to find partners with people who might not be Christian like you're not on the same wavelength it'll never work out hey girl you the one who can't write very well at all would you be my wife and write books with me I'm sorry I have to do this one because it's true. You there, the ugly one that is not photogenic at all. Would you like to be my wife and make films with me for the rest of time? See, it doesn't work. That's why it's so important

to know what you want and need in a relationship. So you must develop introspection into yourself, who you are as a person, what your strengths are, what your passions are, and then how to use those strengths and passions to find a spouse, an appropriate spouse. And the single life isn't so bad. Solitude can be fun. And sex isn't a required human activity. It should be saved for one special

person don't date like the world dates that will land in failure because you can't be happy under those conditions and if you're unhappy being single you're going to be unhappy when you're with someone if they're not the right person Most people think of a romantic relationship as someone to be there with. But I think of it as someone to do things with. That's why I really hate our employment system, because it divides lives. If I find someone, we are going to be doing everything together, spending our lives together, not having two separate lives and then coming back to join shortly just to leave each other the next day again. For I know the plans I have for you, declares the Lord, plans to prosper you

and not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future.


༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
https://republicka.life
https://kkk.education
CC0 PUBLICKÁ DOMÁNIA
ALL LOVE RESERVED
AMORIARIACKA IS MY NATIVE TONGUE
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻