༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
📓 Project Notebook 📓
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻

September 19, 2015


Project Notebook is your new pen and paper. It is designed for students entering university and explores methods in which film could be utilised to exponentially enhance one's learning capabilities. The website software combined with a portable camera and the texts explored throughout the course equip our coming generations with all that is required to take their studies to the next level.


------


13-Project-Notebook-Chapter-01-Introduction-to-Enlightenment

What is a blank slate?

What can I make a camera and a website do in combination with each other?

How can I use this equipment to become a brilliant student? I could use like a chalkboard. Let me get this light off. Okay, so it could be like a chalkboard.

and you know the video that you make is there and we have like a menu and you know we could have you know different episodes you know we click on something and it comes up here you know you can have the text or the transcript ideally at the bottom which we need better equipment web crawlers that crawl videos for voice and even video so you see it's still a website but it acts like an app like and this is all in beta or alpha sorry this is in alpha this hasn't even launched so yeah so each one has as an episode and they all function like that and then there'll be like a submit button, or we could, oopsie, see I'm doing this through looking at the viewscope, viewfinder, whatever they call it, and we could have like a scroll, and we could do the same thing there. We can have a notebook, that's what we're going to have, because this is Project Notebook, But we can also have a tablet or any other type of setups we want. We could have guitars and you know, you saw how if I click on this, look at what happens. See?

Yeah. So we can have little features like that. I'm working on setting up a submit button so you can submit your content so you don't have to actually write the code. all you gotta do is move the files after you submit it and anyone can submit but it's not going to post to your page until you move the file so and people wouldn't want to submit anyway but if they did at least you may maybe other people could submit so you can make this more of a community type thing and you become the moderator to allow if someone so anyone can submit to that page and you can move it over if if it's within your guidelines so it's not restricting it to only your own content so we could interconnect this material and if we did this in groups together then we could learn off each other and become really good students together because we're about to learn how to use the camera to do whatever we want what we need to do in order to know these topics not only theoretically, right, adete, which is virtue, but also practically, phronesis, and this is how we do it. Bang, this is what he does. Do you see what I'm doing? I'm making a reference

for what I'm about to show. Sometimes I might show it after if I don't have time. So in your own films quote with your own voice it'll improve your speech if films allow for philosophical thinking then they encourage social political and economic critique of social norms but when you study just convert what you get to text and if lms allow for philosophical thinking then they Encourage social, political, and economic critique of social norms. Yet, most popular LMS...

So, that should be the way that you study, because you can study lots, and it keeps your place, so you can read and hear it at the same time, and you can hear these words repeated over and over again. When I began studying, I had to take pictures of every single page, and then I had to scan or I had to scan them in and then I had to convert them to text through a speech through an OCR recognition I'll come back to this because this will show you how you can learn because there's obviously a blank part in my mind about what this term this see I did it again and I'll fix it so I'll show you how you can do it but but this using this as a medium to learn I can read so much and I can read anywhere and see my phone is going dead and I'm in my car so that's a problem but I'm going to show you we can fix all things So all of the errors in our films are actually awesome and perfect to help us learn. So let's learn from our errors, kagito ergo sum, or dubigo ergo sum, which is I doubt, hence I am. from those doubts we can then correct them and the mere capability that we humans have the ability to doubt enables us to correct our errors and if we do this on camera then we're gonna have to produce it and then that means we're going to have to uh see it again and again and again um until uh and and by doing well we're going to have to see it one more time when we produce it and if we did it right then we're going to want to see it again and again and again because it's going to be awesome um because all you got to do is make it entertaining and all you have to entertain is you and so it makes it really really easy so you can do anything you want um just entertain yourself and don't worry about any of the feedback you get um because we're going to get into that because what we're doing here is not mainstream media let me show you first it's called optical character recognition and next this is what i meant an acronym and next see i tried to find out um this like because i said ocr recognition which is a double word but um yeah no one knows like so it's funny that we don't even have you know labels for our own solexisms okay so this is how we do it see you can see it That would be also, how awesome would that be as a picture if it came up on YouTube?

Yeah, so you got to be aware. You get three to choose from, beginning, and the middle, and the end pictures, and they'll be the preview for the show. So, what can we scratch on our chalkboard? okay because i have to show you how to do this i have to do it so you can see how it works so here's my units that i have my three units which i've amazingly aligned together perfectly and i have to do that so let's see how we can link our remember our foundations which is theories of mind. And we then go to how that works in the world, which we'll get into shortly.

And then our community work across sites, settings, and peoples, which the object for this unit is to create a funding proposal for a community project. And that is what you're getting now, Project Notebook. I hope you've enjoyed the beginning of it. Dates are extremely important.

Sometimes the times are important. So I'm emailing my sociology professor about my assignment. I make films for free and am infamous for doing it. I want to focus on the collective psychology and how it is disrupted by non-mainstream forms of media. Can you please guide me to

a reference or two which would open me up to discussions of this subject in sociology. Thanks. Wendell Charles NeSmith. That's me. Seven characters, seven characters, seven

characters. The number of an angel. The cinematic experience is powerful because it combines sensory input with story to convey social, political, and emotional truth. The idea that film can provide social commentary and thus be meaningful as opposed to mindless? Really? Can we

do it? I don't know. I'll be surprised. Film, when fetishized, is focused on making money or promoting an ideology rather than telling stories as a narrative art form carol notes perhaps the greatest anxieties about mass art concern morality and now we are charging so that's another technique you grab with your mouth like you know around the back of the camera like yes I just held it from the front like I held from the back maybe I zoomed a little bit oops how'd you like my mouth okay so I made this TV show and it's called my dating profile and I just try to post it around it's 10 episodes and it teaches philosophy it's like an intro unit to philosophy and it's made to try to convince a girl to take philosophy as her major but then me posting this has got a lot of people riled up and upset with me and I've been banned a lot from Um, the last production star now eventually banned me, uh, so, um, there's other people who banned me and there's some people supporting me, so I'm getting, um, a lot of different feedback, but the majority of what I'm getting is people hating what I'm doing and, um, trolling me and even being hostile like really hostile towards me so we'll look at some of that I'm just going to show you screenshots which I took throughout the day but I'm not going to show you who because I'm trying to make this professional but normally I kind of would you can choose whether you want to include other people's private information I mean their names if they're publicly posting stuff like this then putting their names there like they they're publicly posting it so you're just recording what has been publicly posted and you can pause this at any time so I'm going to show you how this works and if you want to be able to read any of them then you just have to pause them so I just record for a second and that gives you enough time to say I want see that so I'll press the space button um so yeah let's do that let's get that here's my clue you're just a dick that's all I wanted um that's my pseudonym I tried to get star now to help me do this and this is their response to me let's go back to that capture all my beauty

Bang, that's what we're capturing.

Yeah, this one was funny.

Yeah, the reply was, yeah, it didn't contain nudity, so we didn't delete it.

Yep, capturing it for the world to see. Okay, so this one right here, it's funny because you can see then that was the page, which means which has happened to me many times just making this type of content I get banned so first I get censored and if I post again I get banned and sometimes I get banned straight away so what is the number of an angel doing wrong to receive so much hostility I will show you I have a hand handful of projects coming together right now you can see it you like right now primarily horsey which kind of made this my reflected life which has been around for a long long time and project notebook uh which is uh what we're doing now um these are evolutions of past projects but all projects have a common goal for me, to find a star, marry her, and film topics around philosophy for the rest of our lives together. So yes, this is, in a sense, a classified, seeking out for my soulmate, my other half. The pursuit of her led me to create many films about a girl who might think about taking philosophy as her major at university and then spend the rest of our lives together filming those lives. I became a star, look

at me, by doing this, looking for her. I am an award-winning filmmaker and my entire life is dedicated to finding a girl that would be keen to do this i am a professional i am so a professional my entire life is dedicated towards this pursuit and has been for many years if i find her it would have been all worth it yeah i said said it wrong it doesn't matter because it would have been, oh, it will be, like, if I find her out of doing all this, check out my dating profile, 10-episode TV show, if you are interested. So that's, you know, what I did to try to do that.

I am here because in order for what I propose to work, i need one find a photogenic star who wants who two wants to study philosophy so those are the two requirements for my girl find a photogenic star who wants to study philosophy easy right like that's the only thing that i'm asking like is that really like i'm asking to find someone who's in my field who's attractive um who so to be my life partner that's all i'm asking out of all of this and and what i'm doing is wrong so um who wants to study philosophy marry me and we will be stars together and shine our light to the world beside one another to one day create our own constellation see there's metaphors there family then we can spend the rest of our lives giving them to the public becoming public figures who are stars in their own right and not as a result of collective extortion which is what all the crap media we got now is then we can make film after film and tv show after tv show sharing not only what we have come to understand but also our lives personalities emotions and secrets on camera together we would be capable of telling the most beautiful of love stories ever told which took many years of labor a long time to be actualized hoping please um praying that one day it will be i'm praying oh please god um if we develop our relationship online, then I will eventually move to be with you. This is the future of online dating and will one day become our future media. I am its first prototype and I will worship you for the rest of my life as the goddess that you are. Hope you like being treated like a princess because if not then i am not your man and that's the post so i don't get likes like you want to be the first person but but this is just talking about this show what i'm doing now is not based on this show what i'm doing now is showing you how you can make a show like that if you want and you can revolve, you can make lots of different shows about a lot of different things and revolve it around your studies and if you do that then you'll learn your studies very well and you'll also have a lot of fun doing it and you'll build your portfolio and you'll already have established your career by the time you finish your degree and maybe your career will be odd and strange and maybe at some intersections it will be a struggle to survive but it'll all be worth it just persevere because you'll get smart enough to figure it all out how to make it all work so you can do what you want to do what you have fun doing and make that your everything in life live one life one life this is the feature that we are after so that we can then put it into

the content area down here so this is just the abstract and then we want to put the video through software which I haven't watched this yet I was just showing you that what I found so that'd be awesome how awesome would that be so you can record all your thoughts and they'll all then somewhat accurately not to the best degree but you work with it and using this text-to-speech thing you get to learn errors and go I know what they're talking about so it's not so big of a a deal if it doesn't transcribe 100% accurately, but this means that everything you say then can be noted down and searchable, so if you do this right, then wow, like your life, you open it up to so many possibilities. I know that's not automatically transcribing, but if you don't want to pay someone to do it for you and you want to do it yourself there's a good free option unfortunately although there is no good automatic solution you can always do it the old-fashioned way well that's pretty much it guys thanks for watching oh what a terrible video okay so that's the technology that I need to be invested in to try to find a good option i propose we reconsider film spectatorship by rereading adorno alongside benjamin where is the place for the thinking viewer in the cinema this optimism of the power of film to think and encourage thinking is taken up by contemporary theorists like Thomas Wartenberg who see film as a vehicle for screening philosophical thought experiments like what I'm doing and offering new perspectives on issues that may have relevance to everyday life. Wartenberg claims that film is able to give philosophical concepts and ideas a human garb that allows their consequences to be perceived more clearly.

And films can make arguments, provide counter examples to philosophical claims, and put forward novelle philosophical theories. Is my one? I don't know. You can decide.

If films allow for philosophical thinking, then they are like some other so-called high artworks in that they encourage social, political, and economic critique of social norms. If contemporary films depict diverse narratives instead of constructing a homogenous picture of social reality, then audiences are encouraged to think critically by imaginatively engaging with multiple perspectives, thereby alleviating Adorno's fear of passivity. Yet Adorno's, albeit overstated, concerns are still worthy of discussion. Many, if not most, popular films that are digested in large quantities promote stereotypes with dubious moral values.

Wartenberg is correct to claim that some films are philosophical, yet he gives examples of Hollywood blockbusters to support his claim, though it is mostly these films that are subject to the Adornian criticism.

Hollywood blockbuster films that are screened ubiquitously and make the most revenue are the kinds of mass-produced and distributed works to which Adorno objects.

Theorists who conceive of cinema as a means of thinking must still reply to the objection that most films simply do not encourage active, intelligent, imaginative participation with the stereotypes therein depicted.

While this does not demolish claims that films can somehow do philosophy, the acknowledgement that film may encourage critical reception must not discount the caution offered by Adorno. Wartenberg acknowledges how realistic and convincing the depictions are through the filmic medium, yet he doesn't acknowledge the criticism of this very same quality. For Wartenberg, the lifelike quality of films allow the viewer to be absorbed in the narrative. So you've got to work out how to make one of those in every production, and link them too.

Yet, it is this same feature that results in many blockbuster films resisting imaginative engagement by presenting their story in a manner so all-inclusive that there is less room to imagine it differently.

Most blockbuster films depict stories in approximately 90 to 120 minutes. Tying up loose ends in order to leave a feeling of resolution with the viewer. The viewer is not given time to reflect on the story while watching it, as they may do when reading a book, which adds to the sense that the story is immutable. A screen story is designed to be ingested as a whole, is usually less complex than a novel, and evokes base emotional responses, such as revenge, sadness, romance, etc., without encouraging any critique of the context that elicits these feelings.

I have a conflict of interest. Project Notebook is designed to teach students how to use a camera and their own website to produce and archive, I guess, um their most valuable content um in which they wish to assist them in their studies and that's what you're getting through these productions so i want to find a girl to do this with and that is a conflict of interest so that means that even though I can do all this and I can propose that the university does this and and promotes this at orientation week I can't actually physically be involved because I think that that will upset barriers but I can always just tell them the conflict of interest and see what they say but it doesn't matter I'm gonna do the proposal anyway and I am NOT going to be really a part of it except except what you're getting now I am just the face of it that's all I can ever be if the systems don't make exceptions for conflicts of of interest like that, because this is my entire life, and my entire life, my personal and professional life are all entwined, so people have to work with me, or we can't work together, so systems are like that too, and systems are really, really hard living like I do, so I try, and I have problems with that, like with community development, because there's all these systems and I'm like all this bureaucracy and you know I like I don't want to do it like that like why are we limited to doing things the way that mainstream um teaches us why can't we think of other things that we could do that haven't been thought of um that's the way I'm wired and I'm trying to figure out how I can obtain you know a career out of this and and And maybe making projects like these and then submitting them for action, maybe that's sort of where my position in life should be, just creating projects and then handing those projects over to other people who can then make those projects into whatever they want. So it comes out of my hands, except the core of the website, except the material that you're receiving right now, but how they do it and how they, you know, show how they lead you to that material, that would be up to them.

It's this book, no need to be fancy about our references.

And I'm going to be honest and call it as I see it. I look at the sociological conditions behind doing something like this, and in order for that to actually become popular, it needs to be receptive, and I'm just a crazy guy. The sociological conditions behind me making something like this popular is not very good. But for a beautiful girl, it would be really easy.

Like, if you got really smart, you could really make a difference in this world. You could really do a lot with your life. So, let's read about it. Simone de Bouvier declares, One is not born a woman. One becomes one. But for women, this existential journey is more difficult, as it is for members of racial minorities, lower classes, non-mainstream religions,

because the dominant, in woman's case, the male, has attempted to define women's essence by stereotyping women and denying them the freedom to choose what they will become. Only by first overcoming this oppression by men who have attempted to make woman, women, it doesn't matter, a perceptual other who exists only to recognize a master, can women pursue their own project of freedom. This, however, requires that women discover who they are, who are you girl, in terms of their own acts of definition. Sometimes get a little bit of this. Thank you. I appreciate the support.

You need to get a camera with a light on it because you need to be able to film at whatever time that inspiration comes to you. And it's probably best if you get something that you're really comfortable with. So if you look around, I use a Sony Handycam, but get one with a really good zoom. So with a digital zoom as well as an optical zoom because then you can frame things that are far away and they can appear close up and it also trains your hand to be steady yes every every individual that does this needs to be their own cameraman and see I stuffed that up but how's my beard growing and remember we got our beauty too so let's showing off. Oh, I hate that because I'm going to hear it again when I produce it and then again

watch it later. I really recommend using my 360 degree approach to the camera. Fill up the camera with the most relevant information possible and eventually after we watch it for a while our brains will adjust accordingly. How should we act? A baby is born with some configuration

of biological sex, which may be more or less clear. On the basis of what the adults attending to the birth interpret as its sex, the baby is assigned to a sex category. After that assignment, everyone around the child and the child itself over time begin to do gender to act in ways considered appropriate to the sex category designation. The question of how everyone knows what is appropriate is resolved in ethno-methodology by the principle of accountability.

People do not just act in any way they choose. People in interactions hold other people accountable for behaving in ways that are expected or useful or understandable. That is, people manage conduct in anticipation of how others might describe it on a particular occasion.

Do not film so that you can be understood, but so that you cannot be misunderstood. So this is what we have to fix. Women get less of the material resources, social status, power, and opportunities for self-actualization than do men who share their social location, be it a location based on class, race, occupation, ethnicity, religion, education, nationality, or any intersection of these factors. This inequality results from the organization of society, not from any significant biological or personality differences between women and men. You girls

can become the stars of this type of media. I'm trying to show you how. I hand it to you on a platter. This is a call for women to do whatever is required to gain equal rights with men. So if you are to become a star, what are you going to become a star for doing? That question

will define your career we both just have to combine them one lie this is the lie I'm gonna try we gotta do it that's the point of all of this this is our research methodology and all of these citations the references that I'm including will come in very handy in the future remember you're here to capture experiences and beauty okay so this is how you use your zoom you see what I can capture and like it's pretty detailed but look how far away I am from it see beautiful and takes a while like and the thing is is all you got to worry about is being able to get a good shot where you can just pause it and have a good still image and then you got a good still image so that's what getting the shot of is about not necessarily being entirely uh steady with the camera all the time um nature is very beautiful there's a really big one over there but i'm i can't i lost it i lost track of it um but yeah and i bet you that the thing's really tiny too it's so cute uh oh look look at that oh oh okay see how what we can do with a camera like can you can you see what I mean but how do people not realize this like look at look at what I'm doing and look at where I'm sitting how cool is that yeah okay gotta remember dates there you go bang okay there's another guy over there they're kind of just hanging out yeah doing what lizards do. And I think he's still over there. Is he? No, he's left. Okay, he's gone. But

we still have him. I am not trying to discourage guys from doing this. You can see me as a result of the experiment. So I do encourage guys to do this. But the thing is, take your

criticism as hilarious and if you don't do that if you take it to heart then you have a rough journey ahead of you but its result is the same you'll become a genius this guy is pretty big beautiful okay so how can we angle the camera to get maximum like this proudly we're gonna look this way and see how detailed and see now it's very far away but we can still kind of I can with my eyes see this is the always the difficult part is to line up what you see with your eyes with the camera and and a lot of times in order to do that you'll have to move in order to get that shot and it flies away yeah see sometimes it's beautiful to capture yourself trying and failing to capture beauty anyways if you didn't already this place is called Mount Olympus and I come here to consult with the gods. What is beautiful? What inherit characteristics does beauty hold in which all beautiful things exist as? This question upsets our mind-body dualism.

Because it then attributes likeness to two different substances, which is the mind and the body, because there's beauty in both aspects. Beauty is also very much so in the eye of the beholder, which is why many diverse types of artworks are created within our postmodern society. One must make a qualitative judgment between what is beauty and what is not, or maybe in its own right it is beautiful, even if it is what we have inflicted upon the environment. Every single field of study can utilize these filming techniques that I am sharing with you to increase their study capabilities.

So you have to create a device, so a reason why you're doing all of this. And my device that I used was Ivory, which is my imaginary girlfriend who wants to study philosophy and do film with me for the rest of my life. And that then enables me to make really meaningful productions because they're to the girl that I want to spend the rest of my life with. So yeah, that enabled me to make a whole bunch of productions.

So you got to find that. You got to create your own device. You can do whatever you want. You can be creative, but you have to find motivation to do the entire project of your life on video.

So think about this very carefully, you know, it took me, I did my first three courses without having this device, but those three courses taught me what device to use to then bring out lots of really meaningful content. So it takes time to and just be careful in your actions and maybe you want to take time to reveal your device or maybe you have controversial issues that you want to bring up and discuss and I would definitely encourage you to do that. You can be doing things like walking and filming and you can play with the sun and the shadows. It's all good fun.

Tabula rasa.

A blank slate.

What can we scratch on the chalkboard? The scroll in which we will all write.

The scroll in which we dare to write.

In actual fact, there are many canvases to write on

in this world. I am trying to show you what I have been able to make film. I encourage and look forward to seeing what you can make film. This guy's pretty big.

If you can get it, I know we'll get it. There we go. You got it. Unfortunately, I can't pass anything other than my interpretations of my own experience onto you, which were manifested by careful contemplation of those experiences.

And I guess we all have this problem, but I'm trying to show you the most relevant techniques that you would require when using this methodology to enhance your study capabilities. Just getting the right shot takes a while, but persevere and it will improve you drastically in the long run. If you play music, this can dramatically increase your potential within film, but using this methodology it's all live, so you're going to have to work out how to get the right shots you need in order to do your studies while playing music or making music part of your studies. It's going to be an experiment in order to integrate music into this type of filmic environment.

So adopt my film style if you want or do something different or new. I'm just merely interpreting what I have found to be useful to study. I hope I adequately did my job in introducing you to the topics in which we will explore in this instruction manual of Project Notebook. I hope I didn't make it too boring for you and I hope to see you again in the next episode.

I just exploit the beauty of the flaws. This camera is 4GB which gives me about 50-52 minutes.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



13-Project-Notebook-Chapter-02-Turing-Test-for-Humans

Okay, so I have my camera plugged in via USB, and I have this directory in the mproot, and I'm just going to copy it, and then I'm just going to paste it onto the desktop. Yeah, so that's happening, and I'll come back.

Why do I do this so often? It's so weird. Now that that is finished, you load up this program, and you just go over to add, focus is crappy. Okay, so then we go to desktop, and here we are, and we just control A, and so then we just go open, and it goes through them all.

So these are all the files, this is the name that it produces them as. And they're consecutive, which allows us to then just merge it all as one file. See we were good because we deleted our mistakes as we went. So we don't have to worry, it's already finished, we just have to...

settings really depends on your camera but low settings is fine like this type of media doesn't need to be extremely high quality but here's the trick is to merge into one file and that's how we do it so what you need to know then to insert videos from different devices like this is from my phone is that the names are in order through numbers so all you got to do is add a number to it so like if you if it ends in one just add another one to it and that will then appear after the one and then the next video will be two and then you just insert those into the project and then add so it's going to be kind of easy I'll just upload these to Dropbox on my phone and then from Dropbox I'll then download them to my computer and then rename them to be in chronological order since this is the beginning of the production it's going to be really easy because I just kind of really have to add them and then add all the other ones but if you ever do it in the middle of a production you'll have to you'll have to find out where the intersections are and then fill them out chronologically. At this length about an hour 50 minutes it took to do this and we can look at the file size and it's 730 megabytes and if we go into the details here then we can see that it is 52 minutes and 52 seconds. How awesome is that? And what we might experience too if we didn't do our job right, then we might get a scene that we forgot to delete. So then we'll have to

go and then delete that scene and then do that merging process over again. But now it's time to watch it. Before we do that, I'll just note that the videos that are coming from my iPhone here, because my camera is there and I don't like to delete what's on my camera, wipe my camera until I watch it to make sure I got all the footage. So I'll just put a one in front of each of the file names and that will automatically make it the first to come up and these video series that I upload will all have a number so they'll be aligned and then they'll be before this camera numbering system I'm not sure you can see that but which is you know it starts with M so ones before M so that won't be any problems and I can do as many as I want so I'm gonna show you now how we learn from what we produce or what we film our struggles aligning our inside our thinking thing or cogito kajitans with the outside thing and aligning those two together so the thoughts that are required in order for me to travel on this road to get to these sort of ways to convey meaning that I'm trying to point out this is the time to be humble and really consider whether what you're saying is correct and if it is then what can you do about it? If it's not, what can you do about it? And not only that, to really

learn, this is the time that you should be spending to refine your mind because you're about to see your thoughts then articulated into an entire production so you can see how you develop those thoughts and you can also find potential problems within those thoughts so be receptive when you do this and enjoy your work you can't misquote yourself thanks Google it's good I did mess up so I can show you what you need to do when you do this if you do this hopefully you won't do it like you probably will you will what was I looking at it was a big loser where'd he go where'd he go okay see the same thing alright so I just retook the shot so I got an extra one in there that I I didn't delete real time because I was trying to get this lizard that I saw. So what we do is we go back to the root folder that had all the videos in it. We put it on our desktop, and I'll show you now. We go into here, and it's one of those.

It's put towards the end, so it's probably like around here somewhere. and all you gotta do is uh is delete it and then go back to this video program lewo and uh and if you have anything in there just press clear there'll be a clear button right there and just add them back again and 50 minutes later um we'll have the production produced again and uh yeah that one will be perfect but I'll finish watching it just to make sure that I didn't make any more errors but I don't think I did so let's go. See this is the always the difficult part is to line up what you see with your eyes the camera. It's really difficult when there's glare and I saw the white spot with my eyes, but while I was looking from a distance, I was also looking close up simultaneously at the viewfinder, and I couldn't spot the white bit on the viewfinder because all I had to go was down because it was there, I can even show you, I'll do that, and I just couldn't see it, um, where, see this guy, um, let's, see, see now it's very far away, see, you can see him, he's right there, but I don't, like, I just had to zoom in to him, see, yeah, so learn from your own mistakes, that's what we do. So now we just

have to name it, and then cut it, and then just drop it over to Dropbox. Bang. It'll take a while. But that's okay. We're not in any hurry. So it takes a while, but it's

always taken a while. When I first started this, it took me like a week of straight uploading in order to get a course out there so yeah and we're back to my beautiful camera now because this platform i am demonstrating can begin a basic reworking of women's consciousness so that each woman recognizes her own value and strength rejects patriarchal pressures to see herself as weak, dependent, and second-class, and works in unity with other women, regardless of differences among them, to establish a broad-based sisterhood of trust, support, appreciation, and mutual defense. In all of our life-sustaining activities, exploitative arrangements profit some and impoverish others. Let's get out our new highlighter again.

You are called to create global solidarity among women to combat the abuses capitalism works in their lives, in the lives of their communities, and in the environment.

We do it through solidarity.

A man who is a feminist? Because I am like you. I am human.

Intersectionality theory recognizes the fundamental link between ideology and power that allows dominance to control subordinates by creating a politics in which difference becomes a conceptual tool for justifying arrangements of oppression. In social practice, dominants use differences among people to justify oppressive practices by translating difference into models of inferiority or superiority. People are socialized to relate difference not as a source of diversity, interest, and cultural wealth, but evaluatively in terms of better or worse.

Let's all try for this one. One part of the project of intersectionality theory is to give voice to the group knowledges worked out in specific life experiences created by historical intersections of inequality and to develop various feminist expressions of these knowledges. what are we doing right now all we need to do is to bear witness to protest and to organize for change within the context of the oppressed community for only within community can one keep faith in the eventual triumph of justice a justice understood not in the narrow framing of legal rationality, but as the working out within social institutions and social relations of the principles of fairness to and concern for others and oneself. How do people survive when their own experience does not fit the established social typifications of that experience?

A line of fault between what lived experiences I have and what society is telling me. Symbolic interactionism. So everything that happens in the world, according to Symbolic Interactionists, has to be processed by individuals in there. The mind is primarily symbolic in the way it views things.

other words we receive images and sounds but what they mean depends what meanings we attach to them

that's what we need to study now because that coordinates also with our mind body problem

what would i press why would i press it i don't know maybe um significant symbols are necessary for communication they're symbols that have shared meanings so symbolic interactionists look at the interpretation of the social world that that the individual's ability to create meaning and um to make the world a meaningful place and um the individual's ability therefore to create the actual social world that they're living in so symbols necessarily have a shared meaning so if I were to use the word to say chair for instance what type of chair would I think of like is this a chair or am I thinking of like you know just a wooden chair or am I thinking of like couch or like an office chair. That is why in my dating profile we studied Cratylus by Plato and Frege on Sense and Reference and also this Philosophical investigations by Wittgenstein. So we're all entangled in meaning and we're learning how to understand and construct that meaning in many different forms utilizing a camera to capture it. So meanings and symbols allow us to act and interact in the social world, including interacting with ourselves, including interacting with ourselves.

In Angela's wonderful lecture, she suggested using the George Herbert Mead approach to Consider how we are viewed by people outside in society. I wonder what people think of me because I haven't ever really cared because I've only been after someone special. Do I come off as narcissistic, and sometimes maybe fries short of a Happy Meal? Self-obsessed, possesses ideals of grandeur.

Check our clues. So I create and produce and release very alternative forms of media to the public. And most of the time people get upset by it, but why should I have expected any different? The me wanting to conform and be a part of a group, like I go to church most of the time, and the I wanting to be an individual and different and stand out and these two conflict And then communicate with myself on camera in the middle of the night while studying in my car, or wherever I turn out to be.

Pretty cool life, eh?

Be extremely careful about what private information you publicly release about yourself. I've been extremely risque in my past work.

I've had stalkers. I had one guy, I think it was a guy, I don't know, but kept on calling me, and then wouldn't speak, and then one time they used text-to-speech to speak, and they were really perverted, and they wouldn't stop calling me. Um, yeah, so, but that's because in one of my productions I gave my phone number to the chief minister, Katie Gallagher, because I was asking her, interviewing her about her opinion of homelessness, and, um, and I wanted to keep that footage, so I ended up with a stalker out of that. But I've had a few handfuls of stalkers in my time. You just got to be

careful. And, you know, know your limit. Don't, don't, just be careful. Like, there's a lot of crazy people out there on the internet. She mentioned front stage of life and back

stage of life and I think that may be to a large extent why I conflict in society because my front stage is what you're getting now and my backstage is everything that I do in life and the normal person is wired just the opposite where their front stage is everything they do in life and I guess their backstage is their secrets which is in their head and that's my front stage. Does this information get us any closer to finding out why this type of media is frowned upon in modern day Australian society? The content of your videos can be any subjects, particularly the ones you're taking at university, and I'm just practically demonstrating what it would be like for you to do that too, because have you seen how I've unified all my units together? I think, well, maybe I'll try to get HDs this semester if I can.

I've never got HDs before. I've only gotten HDs a handful of times on assignments, but never the overall unit. I don't think I'm breaking any copyright laws because all of this is being used in my studies. So this is all revolved around my studies.

And I think I'm allowed to use up to 10% of any source. Something like that. Yep, see here is how much I was correct. That's how much.

We'll never even get near that. Just little bits here and there, sometimes a long passage. As a student, you will probably rely on the research or study exception provision to carry out most of your copying. Anyways, this is all good for publishing agents because it directs people to that material and where they can find that material.

But what if you are in a public place and there is a song in the background? What is the copyright of that? I release my content, copyright CC0, no rights reserved. And I encourage you to do the same thing.

But of course, the content within my own productions, in which is not my own, is not owned by me, therefore I can't give any rights to. Collectively, people aren't comfortable with non-mainstream forms of media, especially in the acting industry because that kind of replaces them and the same applies to that of education i'm really glad that i'm catching this now as it's being developed because you'll get to see how project notebook it has started and you can see like how we have a border around here and that I'm trying to make it where it's taking up the whole screen I want this to feel like an app and you see how the scrolling is with inside and see how like I can change the window size to any size and it will follow along so this will be awesome on your mobile phone too, or any device that you take around with you. So yeah, that's what we're doing, and the menu's kind of like that right now. But we're trying to work out how to have a menu on the top instead of, but I don't even know, like I'm happy that kind of menu just saying menu like that like before, and then all the ones be in between there but I don't know we're getting there finally after many many years of trying to get this done the technology is good enough and I can afford it to be able to make a website like this and I hope you can utilize it for your own devices my media might offend people who are not capable of doing this and really the only people that are our students and that's why I'm giving this to you also it strives for extremely high ideals in which most people can't achieve and that might offend someone because they can't achieve it and I'm here preaching it so I'm just trying to figure out why people really hate what I do. I want to come back to the device and how one could create their device

because that device is the most important thing about all their films and my device is a girl and the thing is is that your device needs to remain constant no matter what situations occur in your life. So my device, if I ever find this girl, then it will still motivate me to make films. So the device is the motivation to continue to press this record button to continue to release this content. And whatever device you create, that's its function and that's what you need to make it do so make it everlasting make it where it will last the duration of your life and not just a temporal trend. I am trying

to promote philosophy in doing this because philosophy allows you to do all things all subjects are open for discussion and that is not to say though that other majors couldn't do this as well so you just have to you know think about how you could do something like that so if you were to do you know one of these you could always just think about how you know you got to create a device a device and then you got you know the environment and the way I do most of my films is revolve around mythology so the gods and the stories of mythology and I relate those mythology stories with my own life and while I do that I both learn and teach philosophy so don't limit yourself like no matter what you're doing like oh when do I want to philosophy, what you say is scary, you can do anything you want. And then apply that to the camera using your own artistic methods of portrayal and the purpose of this introduction to Project Notebook is to teach you how you might be able to articulate your meaning using this pen we call a camera. My signature. In every story, that's every film that you upload, there is a beginning, a middle, and an end. And in that beginning we are

introduced to the hero, which for the moment is me, but will soon be you. And what that hero needs to accomplish in that production, whether it be a short film, a feature film, or even an episode of a TV show is to go from one way of looking at things to a better way of looking at things. This is simply to say that the character must grow and if the character does not grow as a result of the process, then not only was the acting bad, but the conditions were bad because the process that you utilized to try to help you to grow didn't work. So that means you shouldn't upload that and then you should keep on playing around with your equipment until you can accomplish this.

Most of the character's experience is invested in theoretical discussions with themselves, and from the theory the practice must come, and that means that from those concepts in which were investigated must bring about the tangible results which is not just the video itself but also stuff like project notebook and all the other projects and like the website and you know the stuff that happens the fruits and which result from what I'm doing I lost my family doing this if your head's If your head's a bit complicated and you don't have very strong emotional supports, then the same might happen to you if your head is full of controversial inconsistencies. Gender maybe? Maybe gender. Your project in life is to ensure that these videos that you create never leave the bank of human information and that's by uploading them to a lot of legitimate sources, not just one.

It's probably best if you only advertise one of those like YouTube and then the rest can remain there just in case they get censored then other ones can stay hidden which the people who are very interested in finding them will be able to. Okay so you need to get a VPS that's a virtual private server and you might want to wait around and just keep an eye on it over a month or something to find the right one I managed to get one in Sydney for $60 a year, which is really awesome. It doesn't need to be great specs. It needs to be at least 512 megabytes of memory.

Mine's 512 with 512 bursting, so almost like a gig. But it doesn't matter. The only reason for the 512 is so we can use X, and I'll show you how to set it all up later. This is who I use.

It's going to focus? No, not really. and that's what i pay us just so you're aware about the quality and what you're actually doing with this camera um just look at my pinky yeah you see my pinky okay you see where it says australia you see like how small that is like my pinky's like right there big man big man so tiny yeah you're so big on my camera oh you're a star you are now we are prestigious it's such a cool spot a platform those who can do this are the few who were selected by God they are God's chosen people and I don't even care if they believe in God. By being capable of doing this, you are gods. Those who hail

on Mount Olympus, consulting with the gods, then bring back that information to the public. for this messaging service they are pronounced demigods what color will you be and what grass will you graze upon and you see the camera like a dance you see how you can just make it fly with wherever you want. And if one in this life is endowed with such abilities, what becomes their responsibilities when using it? So when one is to purchase a gun, they don't do so with the intentions of never using it so if you are to shoot what are you to shoot and how are you going to use this equipment to and for what function and and what is the reason you're doing all of this because that's a really important question because not just your device that I'm saying is It's important. The device is awesome but the device, talking about the device is emotionally

disconnected from the device and you need a device that you can put your entire heart into and even believe and I say that even to brainwash yourself into believing in order to produce the content that you need to or if you already believe it like I do then that makes it a lot easier but you'll still like to make it something that will be receptive that's going to be difficult because you have to have something good and you and you're competing with explosions and and sophisticated editing equipment and all you have is a camera and your environment, but like I hope I've been showing you, that should not be such a limiting factor. I can still have explosions in my films, just different. We as humans must work from the inside out. First we need to get ourselves right and help ourselves then we need to do the same with those who are surrounding us and help them and then we need to do the same with our society so it goes from yourself your local community and then all the society and we got to unfold doing it like that in order for anything that's worthy of accomplishment like what I'm laying out to succeed if your stuff is controversial then you might lose friends as well but you'll always have these guys look at the shapes and the patterns and then let's look at other ones that are like that that function the same way so we're looking at inherit traits within our environment see there's some different type of shrub and this one has like a beautiful orangey thing on it um in which uh this is how we distinguish guinness and species and determine classification does plant have mind plant can't have consciousness as we know it but what exactly is mind anyway I just gave you a really cool name for a band that doesn't exist so yeah take it if you want these guys are called noisy miners back in my show independence year for kids a really long one 63 episode one one flew into my hand and then ate food out of my hand it was pretty cool you should ultimately be doing it because you want to help people and by helping people you would be helping yourself because the methodology would make you really smart as a result of the process you will become a star but not as mainstream stars are currently conceived but that should not be your inspiration to become a star that is just a result of this practice

i could try to motivate a girl by saying hey come be a star with me but I think that's a bad reason to be with someone like me and my girl if I ever find her will be really awesome stars together but to only want to be with someone or for the person to be motivated to be with another person because they're a star or because they can make them a star like that's not a a good reason to be with someone maybe you would want to be with me because you think my films are really awesome and I guess I wouldn't have a problem with that we can do it what I was saying previously about it being irrelevant Whether or not someone that did this believed in God, they would still be God's child. That's because that you are what you are irrelevant of what you believe, and what is, is irrelevant of what you believe. Maybe because people think I am this, but in actual fact, I am just confident in my methodologies. So here is your task. Think of the coolest person that could ever exist within your chosen profession. And either become that person or seek that person using your videos, if that's what you want in a romantic other.

And either way, it's going to cause you to re-evaluate yourself and question what's really important in life. The mirror will haunt you. All of them. And think about the skill it took in order to do what I just did.

Think about both the biological and the psychological skills that would be required for anyone to do what I'm doing now.

Requirements of the position as the new star of the world. One, you have to be beautiful. Two, you have to be smart. If you don't reach the criterion of number one, then you have to utilize those flaws in a way that, over time, are seen as beautiful.

And if you don't reach the criterion of two, you have to study really, really, really hard, probably during that time not filming, avoiding a career until you can get smart enough to do this. So that means that we're all capable of this.

The appropriate back-to-school equipment to purchase is a camera. It enables you to leave yourself notes in which you will never forget, both consciously and subconsciously, utilizing the symbolic representations within our films.

From time to time, minor mistakes are made, and you will need to correct them in future productions. Do try to speak clearly and concisely, because whenever the technology evolves, you will be able to receive automatic transcripts for your productions. What did it take to bring you this? A lifetime.

If you are not socially grounded and the people in your life wouldn't support some of the controversial things you might say then this doing this will probably mess up your life but the person that it'll create at the end of it will be worth it at the end I support crying on camera but I will caution you you will have to live through those experiences again and again and I know a lot of times at the time that we're filming we don't realize the full extent on how those actions are going to affect us but there's been a lot of times that you know I emotionally wrecked myself because of what I did on camera but what is that noise oh it's my lecture it's been waiting for it because it was not recorded at first so but what What I want to stress though is the importance of the production process and that will never be known to you until you do it because the thoughts in which come out of our head become something different once they're presented back to us and the best way to do this is coming out of your own mouth and you seeing it and what this does is this puts your own system of thinking into the foreground and then you can assess whether what you're saying is accurate. If it is accurate then what's the next step what do you have to do to develop what you were saying and that's where you investigate more issues if it's not accurate then you should find the parts that are accurate and continue there and dismiss the investigations in which failed and if you struggle to obtain any accuracy throughout your work then I I would caution you to get better before you release any work.

Almost all of my work is accurate. I make minor mistakes here and there. And sometimes I follow the wrong clues. And in the past, I've kind of had a lot of goes at the government, which I won't do anymore.

Sometimes I miss things that most people would consider obvious. The best place to hide things is around the middle to three quarters of your film, and if you're working on a series, don't do it in the first few episodes, and you shouldn't do it in maybe the last two episodes either, because that's what people do is they'll look at the first ones and then they'll look at the last ones. And there's been a few times that, that's what I mean by mistakes. So there's a mistake, like, it's not really mistakes, it's just guidances.

Like, don't get me wrong, there has been a few mistakes that I've made over my time doing this. Uh, but most of the things that I consider mistakes, uh, were, were things, were just, um, learning curves, really. Yeah. You like my blue hair?

And we can always paint our world with our mistakes. If you do all that I'm saying right, then slowly your desire for mainstream media will dissipate. You'll learn to view it discerningly as an outsider. And you'll question why they do things like they do.

Who taught me how to do this? it was me. I had many many conversations on camera about it. Here is the readings in which we're about to explore and I'll tell you when we go from DuPay to Searle. So we'll start at DuPay but

before we do that we want to talk a little bit about this second reading with Searle and he presented the Chinese room thought experiment, which is basically that you're in a room and you're locked in this room and you receive Chinese symbols through like a hole or something and you just keep on receiving Chinese symbols and through the accumulation of these symbols you'll then be able to connect other symbols and then the ways those symbols were used together so using the syntax you can discover a lot about what might be being said but you can't ever really understand well that's what he's trying to get at, because even though you know how it's used and you might be able to produce accurate responses, you're just relaying and you don't actually know the content of what you're relaying. But that's kind of the argument in a nutshell. We'll just start off with Dupay. This means that we can have rational knowledge only about that of which we are the cause.

is the cause of this video about what we ourselves have produced who is going to produce this that one can only know in making or rather remaking that's all i'm doing i keep on remaking the same project again and again and again and again just in different ways because we ourselves create the figures. Geometry is made possible. All knowledge involves reproduction, which is to create this, representation, which is to frame this within my film, repetition, which is to produce this, and simulation, which is to release this. One may say that the Turing machine is interesting because it is in some sense manageably infinite.

So we can keep on pressing the record button and have it on as long as we want and we can keep doing that for the rest of our lives and nothing is going to stop us from doing that. I take that back. The government might stop you if the information in which you document is controversial. If Turing's theorems show anything, it is that thinking is not necessarily the same as computation.

Turing's imitation game, three players, a machine, a human being, and an interrogator. And the interrogator must decide which one is human. Can you think? I can, indeed.

How do you think? I think, therefore I am. But let's not put a cart before the horse. Awesome!

Yeah, I remember that. Used to store drugs in it. The machine will have sufficiently well simulated the behavior of the human player player if in the end the interrogator cannot tell them apart. Told you so questions are passed to him from outside the room in the form of sequences and characters following the instructions contained.

He must compose replies consisting of different sequences and then he passes them back outside. The answers given by an input-output system functioning in this way, hidden beneath the veil of the imitation game, would be indistinguishable from the answers given by a Chinese woman who understood the questions being passed to her. Can a machine understand? Does this phone and this camera understand what it's doing?

I said previously that anyone could be capable of doing this, but to some degree that's not true because if it's not receptive to that person, then they wouldn't have the capability to do it. So the only people in which would be capable of doing this sort of thing is those who are receptive to the media. However, doing this well is not easy to line up the theory and the practice. Conversing with oneself in the mirror.

Social Uprising Grassroots and Resistance Film Festival of 2012 for Ivory Heart released December 21st, 2012. Well, just in case you weren't aware, that was the end of the world and the beginning of the new, and that's the only award I will ever need in my life. So, let's post that. I really like Infamy. I wish I could buy these. It'd be awesome.

Especially when everything I do is out of compassion and just like because I care about people so I'm giving them stuff for free and I still get hated on for it. We will get more into Machinery and John Searle next episode, but to end this episode, let's reflect upon what is in front of us. and in front of me I have a camera and that camera has a light on it shined directly in my eyes and I'm in bed and I'm trying to sleep obviously can't I have problems sleeping I have delayed sleep phase disorder and that's why I'm on a pension so I go a lot without sleep but right in front of me there's a camera and to me that camera is the subject and I'm experimenting to see the capabilities of that camera and to you I am the subject and you're investigating me so it's reversed but the thing is is that we always need a sense and a reference and that's a micro and a macro perspective are syntax and semantics so we got these two polar opposites always grinding at each other. And I guess we could also say that it's mind and body too. So we have to

then relate those two together. And that can be difficult, especially if they're different types of substances. What is the substance of film? Are you watching memories? Are you watching

my memories? Is what is before you right now a body or a mind? Prove it. I love you Ivory with all of my heart.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



13-Project-Notebook-Chapter-03-The-Looking-Glass

Bear with me for a second because I'll show you how to get to this but from here you just load up remote desktop connection and then You log into your site's website your site's username and I'll show you how to create that shortly, but Yeah, so it goes through here and you get this use Debian and this servers in Sydney But we have from here, this is XFCE4, this little mouse thing, which the mouse thing is the whole user interface. So there's the web browser, which that's Chromium. And that's pretty much all we need here, because you'll see later. It's pretty much because it's best to just upload all your content from this.

So this is a really good interface just to publish content because it'll upload and download very quickly. So, yeah, this is why we have it.

But there's a certain command. You can see, I'll just clear it so you don't get all that rubbish. But here's the command line you need to run. So, apt-get is the package management system in Debian, and install Apache 2, which that is our web software for our website, and phpMyAdmin, I'm not actually using that for phpMyAdmin, but all the php packages that come with it, which, because my site is php, xfce4, which is the X interface, the GUI interface that I showed you, Chromium, and XRDP, which allows you to run remote desktop connection and get into your Linux machine. So, yeah, get your

VPS and we'll set it up. Okay, look at what location we are. You can go to different locations by CD Space. This is also a really good program to use. Yeah, but let's just go in there so

I can show you and you can see what's in there. Okay, so there's default which is disabled I think. nesmith.net, projectnotebook.org. So what we do is we cat it, which cat just means display what's in there. So first we'll just cat nesmith.net. Okay, so this is the

file that's in nesmith.net. Okay, so these are the sections. This is what you need. Let's see if I can do it in sections. Okay, so that's the first part. So it needs to start with virtual host 80. You just need to change these nesmith.net sections. Yeah, so let's just say you should have it all now and sorry, I know it's going to be annoying to

copy but it's ok because then you just do the same thing to you can just copy it which is just that says cat but if you just do cp and then type in the name of the one you just created and then the name of the next file so let's say you got more than one site so project notebook and then space project notebook so you just copy cp space the old one which is nesmith.net which you just created projectnotebook.org and that will copy the same thing into there and you just got to edit it is this project notebook see that's oh that's still right it's just a different email address Yeah, so, same thing goes here, I should expand it more, so you can see, maybe I should do it again, there we go, okay, so, yeah, same thing, and once you do those, see, they're only in the sites available, so you gotta run this little nifty command that's A2N space and then uh the site name um so that would be like you know do that you'll see it won't let me because wait wait so um a2n uh there's two there's a2n site and a2n mod remember that but a2n size which you want a2n site and see it says already enabled because i already enabled it but you You got to do that with your site. If you want, if you only have one site on it, and you're only ever going to have one site, then just use that default. It's enabled by default, and that way you can just enter the information that I showed you into the default one. Otherwise you got to disable that, which is A2, A2, did it something?

you see I press tab I just press tab tab and it comes up yeah a to this site um so I gotta do that one to default if I have more than one website and then I got to make bang and then bang and yeah they'll work good um yeah oh that's what I wanted to say because you gotta add users so how would you add a user I have no idea um how about we just play around stuff like add user okay add user only one or two names allowed so that means you just gotta put sites after it won't let me do it because um i got a username made sites or this but let's just um i'll show you what it looks like sites 2 hey sites 2 okay so password okay and that's for password again okay okay so yes for full name yeah you do enter enter enter enter enter and then why but no because I don't want to create that and then you can always stop it in the middle of its processing just by holding control and then see and then we're back to yeah oh yeah I hope you like text paste um it takes a while but it's fine and I recommend using Vi let's do that okay so um to edit like I know it's gonna people will hate me for this because it's hard but um it's the best method and it's I'll teach you give you a little course now tiny one okay so this is the file right and you can't just go in and type stuff that's not good like you got cake J CJ is down so I go to J and okay okay look okay K is up and then L okay I'm going right with L however on it but then H because it's all like that it's like didn't do it and then H is going back right and so if I want to delete a line I just press DD DD let's you see DD okay but I want to undo that so I press U and it comes back okay so then I can paste see paste paste it would just P or just undo undo undo undo okay when I want to insert so like let's say I get where I need to be okay so let's say this This is you, so you're admin at, so I do CW, which replaces the word CW, and let's say that's your name.net, so admin at your name.net, and you're still, see how it's flashing? That means it's in edit mode, so you've got to get out of that and press escape, okay. So now we got that, so we can go in here and we press J to get down and then H to get over to this, your name, and remember CW, your name, escape, and we got it there. Now, there's a lot of really cool stuff with this.

I recommend you take the tutorial. It's really fun. It takes about an hour or so, and it'll teach you a lot. And the thing is, you can become really fast with this non-graphical method of text editing.

Oh yeah, I should tell you how to quit. So, Escape, if you want to quit. And you've got Shift, hold Shift, and then press that colon key. And then you get this down here.

And this is where you can put X in there and enter, and it'll save and exit. That's what X does. But you can go Q, and that means quit. But, if you press Q, and sometimes I won't let you do Q because there's like, while this is open, there's another copy of the document.

So, if you haven't edited anything that you want to keep changed, then sometimes you have to go this Q exclamation mark. And you just press enter, and that will quit you out, so that's good. um i could spend an entire episode teaching you how to use by but something i think i forgot that is kind of required um is if you just want to insert something so let's say you go to here and let's say you just want to insert something there right before there you just gotta go i i for insert and then you just hi and then see I'm gonna do okay normally because I got that email I wouldn't continue this I should have my phone on silent but I fail um so yeah so hi and then that's the module that's loading you just press escape again and yeah so we'll quit with Q see what see it says no right since last change. That's what I was talking about before. It's good when I can show you stuff

not only theoretically but also practically. Let's leave. This one was posted to me after my dating profile. It made me sad. Mainstream media. How is someone else writing your profile

any better than it coming straight from the horse's mouth I bet you that I have taken more selfies than anyone on this planet 25 frames per second baby and what two or three hundred hours of footage I'm pretty cool strong AI the mind is to the brain as the program is to the computer hardware any system that is capable of manipulating physical symbols in the right way is capable of intelligence in the same literal sense as human intelligence of human beings here is the app I use to record but I want to get an Android so I can share the internet to all my other devices because the iPhone locks that are you intelligent about knowing how to answer that question does one who is intelligent know that they are intelligent what type of intelligence is self-aware of its own intelligence I was asked this yesterday I replied with this according as God has dealt every man the measure of faith a computer's operations can be specified purely formally that is we specify the steps in the operation of the computer in terms of abstract symbols sequences of zeros and ones printed on tape for example a typical computer rule will determine that when a machine is in a certain state and it has a certain symbol on its tape then it will perform a certain operation such as erasing the symbol or printing another symbol and then enter another state such as moving the tape one square to the left let's Let's do that collectively. But here's the thing. The symbols have no meaning. Think about the Chinese room argument.

They have no semantic content, just syntax. They are not about anything. They have to be specified purely in terms of their formal, syntactual structure. If my thoughts are to be about anything, then the strings must have a meaning which makes the thoughts about those things. In a word, the mind has more than a syntax. It has semantics.

If the computer is given a question in Chinese, it will match the question against its memory or database and produce appropriate answers to the questions in Chinese. Suppose for the sake of argument that the computer's answers are as good as those of the native Chinese speaker. Now then, does the computer on the basis of this understand Chinese? Does it literally understand Chinese in the way that Chinese speakers would understand Chinese?

Do you understand all the stuff I'm talking about? Computers have a syntax, but no semantics. The whole point of the parable of the Chinese room is to remind us that it involves more than just having a bunch of formal symbols. It involves an interpretation or a meaning attached to those symbols.

What symbols? How many symbols do we utilize in our life? There is no way that the system can get from the syntax to the semantics. Mental processes that we consider to constitute a mind are caused, entirely caused, by processes going on inside the brain.

My thoughts and beliefs and desires are about something, or they refer to something, or they concern states of affairs in the world. And they do that because their content directs them at these states of affairs in the world. Their content, their semantics, creates the syntax. The importance of this conclusion is that the computational properties of the brain are simply not enough to explain its functioning to produce mental states.

And indeed, that ought to seem a common sense scientific conclusion to us anyway because all it does is remind us the fact that our brains are biological engines. states are a biological phenomenon. Am I real? I've been called a fake a lot. How am I a

fake? What am I faking? So since what you're doing is not normal, you have to advertise to a lot of people. So let's use this website to do it. It's called Fiverr Jobs Cost, you

know five dollars fifty fifty cents um for commission but they can do a lot of different things and uh if like you can see like all of this this whole site is for promoting what i do and building what i do um i can show you like there's natural um there's naturally view videos okay see that's naturally i didn't do anything with that didn't do anything with that didn't do anything with that. Okay, look at that one. That was an order to promote. Okay, didn't do anything with that one. Didn't do anything with that one. Didn't do anything with that one. Didn't do

anything with that one. But you can see something here. I'll show you. Didn't do anything because I wasn't advertising here when I was releasing these. Okay, I did advertise this one and I did

advertise this one but all the rest are natural so look you can see what this shows done so like okay look at that 124 okay look how weird is this so like people 124 people watched episode 3 but only 37 people watched episode 4 okay so we got 90 on 58 see this is all natural so you got kind of a few different types of statistics to to think about but but also it's not just these views playlists let's go playlists okay because I've advertised this playlist and you can see that wait wait sorry there's only have one view here go I've advertised this playlist right here sorry and you can see yeah 405 views uh but in saying that um yeah i think there's a lot more it's been saying 405 for like you know about that many days um but i think that's saying that this was updated that many days ago i don't know i still haven't worked that out um but yeah that's how we advertise and the amounts of people uh we're kind of working with is stuff like this and i'm promoting in both the USA and Australia so let's advertise to as many people as possible and like if only you know that amount of people you know the last three numbers there if only that amount of people out of that amount of people end up even investigating it or even that you know 40 USA Facebook users like imagine if 40 USA Facebook users got their hands on this and managed to figure out what I'm doing and do it themselves and what was that result? There was another love spell that was cast three times on December 21st, 2012. All my secrets away.

Okay, so let's talk about this. That's all we want to talk about. So let us do that without considering everything around it. And let's also do that without considering its details or any other aspects of it.

So let's have a conversation about this little plant, this little weed right here without discussing anything else and the thing is that we can't do it because our minds are designed to have a sense and a reference so that means that we need to have the base of what we're talking about. So if we're talking about this weed then what are we talking about? we talking about the shape of it are we talking about the soil that it's come up in are we talking about the environment around it the conditions in which it's come up there's a sense and a reference there's a two-part equation there's its syntax and its semantics and in a way its body and its mind and its micro and macro perspective they're all the same it's just different ways of understanding what we're talking about let's try to talk about it while practically applying it as well so what i hear a lot is people like well i don't know what i would say like what would i say to the camera they get into this position where they have stage fright from a device in which has no connective properties to the internet and they're afraid of it, of expressing themselves through it. But the thing is, is that there's no rule that you have to upload what you're doing.

But let's just talk about how we could start a chain reaction in which could investigate a topic well. And we'll do that by just unfolding thoughts. And I guess the thought that I will use is how this could be done without being intelligent. So the big thing is that you have to realize that you don't really know very much and the thing is that over time as we get older we get solidified in what we think we know and we're fearful of change so if what we have come to know is not accurate then that kind of offends us. So we have to

be simple and we have to be childlike in our approach and I'll get onto that in a little bit but what I'm trying to say is that I'm not making any assertions here I'm just following a line of thought and that line of thought logically develops with premises that then support a conclusion so this is then how big ideals are created but what I'm trying to say here is that if you are able to ask questions and then discuss those questions internally on camera with yourself and if you're good enough to just press the record button to turn it off before you mess up then you get to keep that and then continue on. So if you just try to do short presentations and then follow where you left off, then it could be a really effective method of learning. And back to what I was saying before about us having to be childlike. Yes, right now my focus is on those who are entering university, but can you imagine what would happen if children learned how to do this and even if they just played around with it for a long time and eventually then decided to start releasing stuff.

So I think that ultimately that's where our education system should be directed because if we can provide the necessary conditions for our children to become geniuses, then we also provide them the best future possible. so if we can just give them that equipment to uh not only teach their peers but also teach us then as a society we'll grow heaps and heaps and heaps and imagine like a kid on camera saying the kind of stuff that i say like how awesome would that be um but i do want to say that that this isn't an impossibility because you have me and even though I haven't been giving you this type of content since I was a child, I've always given content and it's always been done in different ways. But the thing is, is I've created this technology to do this. So if it was available and I was given the instructions on how to utilize it, then imagine what I could be today if I had the camera to start me off.

I'm running at maximum capacity with university, and this is the first semester that I've been able to do it because it's the first semester that I've had all the technology and the funds required in order to live comfortably and have everything I need to just bum around wherever I want and still be able to study, sharing that content through all my devices.

not being limited to one device and not having to remember or bring you know one uh one piece of equipment around with me it's really just the camera and and I kind of I got two lap I got one laptop and one netbook and a phone and I use all of them to study and it really depends on my mood so it's really awesome like you get to see like before I was just asserting all of this stuff but but I couldn't practically apply it because I didn't have what I needed to do that and it's really kind of ironic because this is the last semester of my degree and and and it's the first semester that I've actually been able to study at full capacity. Imagine what I'd be now if I could study at full capacity my entire degree. So now that I've been able to actualize full capacity and work out all the technology that one would require in order to do that, then go for it. And I really, really encourage you to teach children how to do this it's kind of outside of my scope though but it doesn't have to be for you so please do that you would be doing me a huge favor because ultimately that's the way our society needs to go those who are born into our privileged era should have all the potential to turn their lives into anything that they want. So think like a child and be a

child. Be a child with me for the rest of our lives. Not only that, I'm going to stay around even after my death. So in this state that you perceive now. So I'm capturing myself into a

vessel, and then I'm releasing it to become immortal, and I'm not really, I'm just doing it for a girl, but its result is immortality. This is how you do it. So, yes, I can grow a beard, but I want to look young for my Galatia. Remember to always tie up loose ends.

Am I attractive? I've been single coming up on six years now. Secrets, how to convince a girl to study philosophy as their major at university. The majority of girls that would be in this situation to consider doing something like this would be under 18.

And that has caused me countless hardships over my time doing this.

Besides the age controversy, people say that I'm trying to create a girl and make her a certain way, when in actual fact it's just the opposite. I'm trying to assist her to become whoever she is. but people say that you know like i'm asking too much but if i was studying another field like if i was doing media or information technology or web programming or information systems or something like that or any field besides philosophy um like it wouldn't matter because there's people that do that why why don't people do philosophy i'm trying to show you why you should do philosophy Knowledge is power. I have the knowledge because I studied philosophy. I also have the power, even though people don't think I do. I know exactly what I'm doing. I'm not an idiot.

okay so we're on the server and we have sites so that's in slash home slash sites and we have nesmith.net and then we have project notebook.org the other directories were automatically created it doesn't matter um and we're not running heaps of sites so um that's fine uh and all you need to do i'll show you how it looks this is the old one this isn't the new website but i'm still working on that oh it's not even there yet because I recently moved over to another server but that's where all the source files are gonna go and and we'll really project notebook see project notebook is the base of it so that's going to be the entire website that's refined and that's the one that's always it's going to be updated and then like nesmith.net or whatever other projects I make or whatever other projects you make you just take the base of Project Notebook and then theme it and adjust it to how you like it and then it becomes yours and hopefully if I do this right you can just download updates to get new features and bug fixes. Okay so this is the program that we use and this is how we log it into the server and you just connect to there. That's the old server but we'll put the new server there a little bit later. But this is logging in via SFTP to the sites directory. You can see the structure. This is

how it's going to look very similar to the other one. But this one's live, but it won't be soon because I'll replace it with the updated site, but um Yeah, so in this one's not I don't even know what I can show you see you can just delete And you got to make sure you always log on with um with Sites because if you do if you like create new folders or whatever if you create new information new data there then the permissions won't be sites and the permissions needs to be sites but I don't know how this other one works yet but if you can see there's a content folder in there and because this new one I think is a little bit different but you can see the three shows and we'll just go to my dating profile I guess some we'll just go to the first one so can show you my dating profile my philosophy and there's two files in here content and meta and we'll see what that's been changed to with the new website but I just want to show you kind of what the sites working with the way it was set up before was there's a meta PHP file maybe it's one now one file but in this you just have to say it's content and this just gives the title of that section so episode one my philosophy and that's the metadata but here's the content so this is everything that appears in the window so what we have going on here is the YouTube video that's connected with it the date and you can see abstract so that's that thing with that little box thing around it and then below there you can just write anything it's so that's the content and there's nothing there's nothing after it but you can and that's ideally where the transcript goes so this is the kind of thing that we're working with and we'll probably be working with files like that occasionally but I'm gonna try to set it mostly up automatically so you can just submit and and you can do most of the stuff without having to bother with code. But I'll show you one other thing. Just give me a second.

Okay, here's the FTP client, and here's our slash home slash sites. And these dot things, these are hidden. Like anything with a dot in front of it in Linux means it's hidden. You can still get in there.

You just got to type the dot, but it doesn't show up on the Linux system, which is good, keeps it neat. but see there's nesmith.net which doesn't have anything in there at the moment and then there is projectnotebook.org but the thing is the way I'm trying to set it up is that you just go to a submit button and then you just get the fields in which you can use and then you type in what you want to put in those fields or paste in And then it creates the files automatically that you need and those files will be in the submit folder and that means that they won't be connected to the website so you can't see them. So in order to rectify that, all you have to do is move them. So you just take the folder.

Let's just look at something that might have something in it. Public? No, it doesn't. So let's look at one of these dot ones.

So this is like, there's only one file. OK. DNC, maybe? No, I want to see more.

Here we go, downloads. No, um, uh, oh well, there's not really much, um, in there, templates, no, okay, but, but the thing is, is you just have to scroll it, and, you know, you see how, how I, oopsie, you see I just moved it, um, and I want to undo that, so that's, um, there's no undo, uh, where, where did I put, okay, so I put pictures in there, so yeah, that's good, um, see, that's how you move it, so all you gotta do is move it into the directory that's appropriate, and um and yeah you're sitting pretty mint and it'll do it automatically try my best to create like a Facebook wall type system so now you don't have to use Facebook because you're not into that whole mass media thing um you create your own media and if you find cool people that do the same thing then you'll go visit their website so you can see their updates if that's how you're Tabula Rasa. A blank slate. That is what the software for the website is called. Have you noticed what I've done with my hair? Like have you put two and two together? So I'm not going to dye it anymore. Like permanently. See this is just paints. These are just paints and the thing is is when your hair is really light they just absorb in and they stick in for like a month.

So my hair is going to grow out. I'm going to have natural hair. And the tips are going to be blonde or even almost white. And that enables me to always dye the tips or paint the tips with this kind of product.

And that doesn't destroy my hair, whereas permanently changing your hair color doesn't do good for your hair and I bleached it a lot in order to get that wet because I was black like it would have been easy if I just went from my natural dirty blonde hair color to to bleach like I would only have had to do one go like that area right there that I did to begin with that I bleached so I could do this with it in my older productions that that was from natural to bleach but then trying to bleach black hair because the rest of it was permanently black and and that was actually quite a difficult task because it wouldn't stop being red it took ages and quite a few different types of solutions in order to get it white and the problem with doing it was it'll it'll turn like I was trying to just get really really light blonde but some parts will be really light blonde and then the other parts will be ready and then you have to do it again and the parts that are already appropriate end up getting re-dyed so they end up getting lighter and lighter so like part of my hair was white when I started this it's pretty cool but when I was a kid I had hair that was very similar to what it looked like when I started my hair was almost white when I was a kid and And over time, now my natural hair color looks more browny, but if you look close, it's a dirty blonde. But, yeah, I think it's pretty cool that, you know, I'm just going to grow my hair out. I'm going to have these bits to do anything I want with. I thought about this over a long time, and, you know, John, my roommate, says, you're just like a girl because I'm, like, in the mirror putting this in or whatever.

But he can't talk. he has like 50 pairs of everything. Look at my closet. This is my closet. And this is

the clothes that I have. He doesn't even go that far. But he has heaps of pairs of shoes. One time the whole line was covered with boxers and I was like wow that's a lot of boxers and I counted only it was like 36 pairs of boxers or something else like whoa you know what can you I got like three or four yeah whatever it's fine like and that's really cool like why why would this thing not be cool it's really cool like it's not damaging my hair if I was constantly bleaching it and be like bad for it but this isn't bad for it I can just keep on and and I can always go to the store and then um like even supermarkets have lots of different colors and i'll just like go by and go that looks like kind of a cool color and you see what i did here like and then i um did it back here like i wasn't gonna do that originally i kind of did too much there but it turned out really cool anyway i was gonna like a strip there and then like space it out and strip there but the thing is it's gonna fade out and i can try something else so like and it's really good too because it's dark so my hair is dark even though in actual fact it's light like once that washes out I'm gonna be back to how I was to begin with so so you can get different features without having like I get both sides I can get the dark spectrum of hair only because the the hair is light so yeah it's pretty cool um yeah what i do for for the camera yay oh come back the objective of this entire tv show this entire film series is to get this guy need to get him better than that at least i got him and then identify him so in your production don't just have objectives that are only related to the audience. That was a personal objective in which I didn't even tell you and hopefully

I can identify it and then capture it again and know its name by that time. You have to be quick. So at first you open your camera and it takes like two seconds to load, and then you have to be prepared to press the record button, and then to capture it. I kind of failed at that, just then, when I could have done so much better, but I'm all about fixing mistakes, so I'll show you how to do not only what I was talking about with your personal goal but um also um do things until you get them right let's seek moral value these are the most popular tv shows i don't know a lot of them i'm not very good with mainstream media eh but like let's consider the moral value of the ones i do know um what's the moral value of that. Okay. What about that one? What's the moral value of that? Like, what's the

benefit? Okay, what about that? How is that benefiting us as a society and our collective consciousness? What about that one? This one? How is that benefiting us? Okay, so all this

money spent on, you know, making this, how is that benefiting us? What does this content that is presented to us? How is it morally directing us? And how is it making us a better person? And what are our responsibilities for watching them and spending our lives watching

them, especially when people spend their lives watching TV shows, um, when they don't have any moral value, um, even shows like this that act intelligent. Um, I couldn't find one. I don't know. Did you see any that had good moral value to, uh, to present and explore with the public? I didn't. Yet I am the one who gets censored, not these guys. So why

is that? That really confuses the crap out of me, eh? My content incites people into hostility. Yet shows like Game of Thrones and Breaking Bad are really really awesome and get everybody happy and excited so there's just things that don't really add up there

especially when they one spent lots and lots and lots of money to make it and two are making lots and lots and lots of money because they made it and i'm doing this for free because i love you Maybe I have brainwashed myself, but in actual fact, this is what I'm doing.

Undo, undo, undo, undo, undo, undo, undo, undo, undo. Now your turn. If the entire world is brainwashed into these shows which contribute no moral value to society, then whose opinions should I respect and consider? I'm not saying that I don't like any of these shows.

I'm saying that constant exposure to shows like this are actually hindering our species to reach its full capabilities. Your number one fan should either be yourself, your partner.

Do you see that everything in society reverses the truth?

Who is the teacher and who is the student?

If you support what I am doing, then I really appreciate it. It really means a lot to me. If you are just going to insult me with ungrounded, unfounded opinions and not contribute to the philosophical arguments in which I present, then I'm going to just take your comments as being hilarious, no matter what they are. You should die, kill yourself, or I'm going to kill you, or whatever.

If we are to live in a world full of experts, what sort of degree would you have to do to claim hierarchy over moral integrity? I wonder what you would have to study to do that. Keep trying. how much courage do you think it takes to do what I do is courage no longer a valuable attribute in our society do you want to do something really amazing with your life instead of just doing what everybody else is doing I am trying to show you how. As we age, we begin to reflect upon our life more and more. If you wait until

you're old to study these topics, then you will regret it. Do you want to live a life without regrets? If so, follow me. I promise I will do my best to lead you to the promised land. If I find her, it is her that you need to follow and not me. I am just

here to train the Messiah. Because she is my. And when someone tells me that I should separate personal and professional and not search for my soulmate in my work, that demonstrates It's their own intolerance towards my religion. Okay, so we just got the film off the camera onto the computer and now we need to format it.

You can see there's a format button there and just go internal memory and we go, yes, this takes like 10 seconds, it doesn't really take 10 seconds, maybe like six, I like, over here it'll go really quickly, so, boom, yeah, see, boom, boom, okay, so, now we got a clear camera with nothing on it and we can start shooting first thing is I'm gonna point out is the problems with this camera the major ones that are really obvious okay so first we got like a mode button I'm not even sure what that does like oh that's the that's for the cameras that goes between film and this is stupid though because um because who wants to take a photo like I'm taking 25 frames per second just by recording and why would I want to take a picture? Yeah, see that changes the size so that that shouldn't be there and this all this photo button takes the photo that shouldn't be there That's the power button which you see me try to press press the light right there and And I press the power button instead and that's annoying because it tastes like two to four seconds for the camera to boot up This I auto button shouldn't even be there. This light should probably be on this area so I can go like this but but it's not but it's okay you've got to work with what you get so like the light is here and you have it like that and you can go around like this and you got all that that angle and it's an easy movement from here then to there so looking at me looking at there so that's the the big movement that you got to get good with um but yeah besides that there's I usually put on auto for the focus, but I'll show you the exposure is important because if you're taking a picture, if you're taking video of the moon or something, then you'll have to put the focus down like that, and you can see everything's going dark. It's kind of annoying because the moon's going to be in there, and you're going to have this little screen here in front of it, but it's okay.

You'll get the good footage because that screen's not being recorded, obviously. and and then once you zoom out then you press auto again and it comes back so you'll get a really good picture of the moon that's detailed and then just go back to auto when you zoom out if you can see here I'm zooming into things so I can in the zooms that that thing right there and it goes really really far if you can see the stats here we got a 70x extended zoom so that's actually that's hardware and over here we got a 2000x digital zoom so that's software here we have the USB so this charges and transfers and yeah this this camera cost me 150 bucks and that's you know it has 4 gigabytes of memory gets about 50 to 52 minutes of film with the 4 gigabytes of memory I could always put an SD card in it but I think that limitation actually helps me so I hope you enjoyed this episode thank you very much



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



13-Project-Notebook-Chapter-04-Elementary-Dear-Watson

I think either the psychiatric ward or the police took my I Ching coin. It's in England and they spoke American. It's pepperoni for vegetarian. We're back to Ritzer.

We are not, in social psychology, building up the behavior of the social group in terms of the behavior of separate individuals composing it. Rather, we are starting out with a given social whole of complex group activity into which we analyze, as elements, the behavior of each of the separate individuals composing it.

Meade refuses to separate people from the objects that they perceive. It is the act of perceiving an object that makes it an object to a person. Perception and object cannot be separated from, that is, they are dialectically related to, one another. Mead defines thinking as simply an internalized or implicit conversation of the individual with himself by means of such gestures.

Even more strongly, Mead argues, thinking is the same as talking to other people. In other words, thinking involves talking to oneself. Am I thinking by doing this?

What about the people who troll me? Are they thinking? What about in comparison to my thinking? Whose thinking is of a more advanced nature?

What kind of cognitive processing occurs when I do this? And how does it evolve when I produce it? Yeah, so I'm just doing this for myself, sure. A distinctive characteristic of the mind is the ability of the individual to call out in himself, not simply a single response of the other, but the response, so to speak, of the community as a whole.

but it is where one does respond to that which he addresses to another and where that response of his own becomes a part of his conduct where he not only hears himself but responds to himself talks and replies to himself as truly as the other person replies to him that we have behavior in which the individual become objects to themselves here is a good question am I a determinist did I have a choice in doing this and if you contact me did you have a choice in doing that would you like to test it so just turn off this video now just walk away don't ever come back to it like you don't want what this is offering just go away that's it in order to have selves individuals must be able to get outside themselves so they can evaluate themselves so that they can become objects to themselves um my relationship with myself is a very strange one i'm just like my best friend I said previously that you should think of the coolest person that you can conceive of and either become them or find them. But my ultimate message behind this is that you should do both, because you should become the best representation of yourself that you can possibly be, and your objective is to find the best representation of your other half that you can find. uh this is all like like this is my dating profile i can't help it no matter what i do i just keep on making more dating profiles it's okay though because chicks don't chicks aren't into this i said chicks aren't into this but guys aren't into this either i'm just an alien because of the self people are more likely to do what is expected of them in a given situation Because people often try to live up to group expectations, they are more likely to avoid the inefficiencies that come from failing to do what the group expects. Here is our answer.

The only way in which we can react against the disapproval of the entire community is by setting up a higher sort of community, which in a certain sense outvotes the one we find. That's what we gotta do. Can you please help me do it? I will help you do it, if you can help me do it.

Let's continue. We have found some gold. He may stand out by himself over against it, but to do that he has to comprehend the voices of the past and the future. That is the only way the self can get a voice which is more than the voice of the entire community.

In other words, to stand up to the generalized other, the individual must construct a still larger generalized other composed not only from the present but also from the past and the future and then respond to it. We carry this organized set of attitudes around with us and they serve to control our actions largely through the me. Education is the process by which the common habits of the community, that is the institution, are internalized in the actor. This is an essential process because, in Meade's view, people neither have selves nor are genuine members of the community until they can respond to themselves as the larger community does.

To do this, people must have internalized the common attitudes of the community. Institutions should define what people ought to do only in a very broad and general sense and should allow plenty of room for individuality and creativity. Now I just won't have one for only myself, but also for any of your family or friends who want one. I'm sorry. To talk about the device a little bit,

what I did in all my previous films was talk to my girl as the audience member. And, yeah, I'm trying to talk to any student right now.

First, the actor indicates to himself the things toward which he is acting. He has to point out in himself the things that have meaning. How important is that? Remember, my first course was the meaning of life.

That's my first video work. This interaction with himself is something other than an interplay of psychological elements. It is an instance of the person engaging in a process of communicating with himself. Second, by virtue of this process of communicating with himself, interpretation becomes a matter of handling meanings.

The actor selects, checks, suspends, regroups, and transforms the meanings in the light of the situation in which he is placed, in the direction of his action.

Thinking can be conceived as symbolic interaction with oneself. The looking-glass self is a social psychological concept created by Charles Horton Cooley in 1902, stating that a person's self grows out of society's interpersonal interactions and perceptions of others. The term refers to people shaping their self-concepts based on their understanding of how others perceive them. Cooley clarified that society is an interweaving and interworking of mental selves.

I told you. Still saying that though. I don't understand it. Oh well, that's pretty good, eh?

Goffman argued that a team can also be a single individual. individual. His logic, following classic symbolic interactionism, was that an individual can be his or her own audience. That is, can imagine an audience to be present.

That's what you gotta do. Let's be a scientist and just start making up numbers. So let's say only 10% of the people who watch my videos watch the entire videos okay so this was my last video and what was that episode 10 oh that was funny one too that was actually recommended by a fan a hater um and yeah name it's funny um you had to watch it but uh okay so that was the date right there and this was the i started this horsey project right here and now look let's just look at you know the amounts of people that have watched what i've put up okay so all these legit and okay yeah advertise for that one yep advertise for that one all this is legit legit advertise for that one's here okay but still legit legit legit legit okay do you realize how many people are watching my videos on a day-to-day basis and do you realize the amount of information that i have on my videos and do you realize how much impact i would be making just by having my videos up like you can hate me all you want and you can you know really reject me from society but at the end of the day i'm doing pretty good Even though I have tons of content, and I told you that I keep reproducing the same thing over and over and over again, every single production releases amazing content that has exponential capabilities if we only utilize the information in the correct manner. Do you want to tell me to be humble?

I promise if you collectively as a society appreciate what I give you for free then I will be humble. Until then I give you no promises. Let's veer back to mainstream media. are reduced to mindless robots reading reading reading been reading for weeks and weeks and weeks and my head hurts and there's so much information revolving around there um here is the point that I want to tell you from this is that all of this information that you're digesting I'm not just talking I'm not talking about my content I'm talking about your content it guides you to where you need to be so at this point in the production in the series in your new TV show you're going to be kind of like how's this going to turn out where is this going to go what's going to happen but that's okay that's part of the process you might not know but the thing is as long as you keep studying you'll figure it out so you just gotta keep on pressing the record button on the passages which really play at your heart and talking about those passages and not only talking about those passages but talking about what manifests in your thoughts because of those passages yeah so don't worry I know you feel alone and isolated, like I'm talking about if you're in the middle of a production.

You feel like you don't know what you're going to do, and you feel like you could stuff it all up. And you could stuff it all up if you stopped studying, and now's the time to just continue reading, and eventually, eventually, left hand. just for information's sake the demon was right about steve and to be honest i think the demon was right about everything it said i know it's likely that you're struggling with what i'm talking about right now but in a previous production the demon told me that i could call it out at any time, and I'm just trying to consider what it meant by that.

Daimon, Daimon, can I call you out without you taking over my consciousness?

I don't want to give you control. I would love to speak with you. Symbolic interactionism will serve as a label of convenience for the future. But will it serve as a label of thought?

It's not working, but I'm not ready to give over my show to the demon right now. Have I lost my emotions?

A friend just dropped me, just rejected me, just removed me from his life. And I couldn't care less. I am sorry. I have a mission. I am who I am.

And if you cannot help my mission come to fruition, then you are not relevant in my life at this point in time. I am not here to get advice from anyone I am here to find ivory and sorry that's going to be every aspect of my life so no matter what job you get me to do that is going to be its focus and I guess that places me in a conflict of interest in every position that one might place me. Australians tell me that I am not Australian. And Americans, they don't say I'm not American, but they tell me that I'm Australian. So here is the deal. I will advertise my work in both America and Australia. And

let the best woman, I say woman because my girl will be a woman, is a woman, and I'm not talking about age there, let her win, and if there is no woman up for the task of philosophy, then that will demonstrate itself through not only the rest of my life and its work, but also after, like society shows itself for what it is by its actions. So let's see what its actions are here are mine the thing is is that my girl is just one person and I mean that in its literal sense she is actually one individual in this world I'm not sure where she is and I've been told a little bit about her and I'm trying my best to find her and all I have to do to find her is to present myself in front of her. And if I do that, then she'll find me. And there's my motivations. I'm just trying to find my girl who God told me to

find. Literally told me to find and train. Why? To save you. You want to roll your eyes

Was it me? Yeah. I don't care. The truth is the truth, independent of whether other people think it's the truth or not.

And I say this quite often, but I haven't said it in this production yet. For she is coming in the clouds, the internet, and every eye shall see, even those who trolled her. how is she going to save you? I really don't know but I have some ideas let me share them with you okay so maybe she will develop some sort of program in in order to protect political prisoners or political individuals who are at risk of, of becoming prisoners because of the topics in which they explore.

Or maybe she's going, but I hope she does this one, this will be awesome, sir. Like, she teaches all the kids how to do what I'm doing, and then a whole bunch of kids come out and do what I'm doing. How awesome, that'd be, like, yay, our society's fixed, bang, like, overnight. I mean, overnight, like, generation, that's all it takes.

Or maybe she'll unite women and fix the oppression between females and males and may induce us to become a more open society in which we share both our toils, our pains, our achievements. Maybe she'll unite females together to stand up against the patriarchal society in which it's structured currently. I hope she does all of them. But like I was saying before, I don't know. I have just been trained to train her in the ways.

of her brother. Bang. Why is what I'm saying controversial? Why is what I'm saying more controversial than the drunk who's trying to beat up people at the pub?

I really struggle to retain friendships. I just think about it like, you know, if you want to talk to me and you're interesting enough for me to be keen on continuing to talk to you then that's awesome and we should just talk but if you know it's not going both ways then then like who cares like it happens i don't know like i i shouldn't even keep this scene should i keep the scene or should let's talk about that Okay, so deciding on whether you should keep or delete a scene, and there's been some scenes throughout my journeys that I've watched like 3 to 20 times, and I go, you know, like before I even think about whether I should delete it off my camera or not, and I'm like, is it good, is it good, like, could I do better, could I, like, there's just so many factors involved in doing that. You know, it's not easy doing what I'm doing and maybe I make it look easy because I smile and I make jokes and I play around and I have fun. But seriously, this was a lot of work. It's a life mission. Mission! Mission!

w just writes so you can just do w to write and then continue working on it remember to save your work as you go because you can always continue off and jesus saves so yeah let's make sure we do that so we are safe i'm sorry i have to tell you the joke. Okay, so Jesus and the devil are in a programming contest, and they have to make this game in a certain amount of time, and they're both typing, typing away, hours of doing that, and the time's almost up, and it's about to be called, but right before is called and the power goes off and and who do you think won hey who do you think won uh it was jesus you know why because jesus saved so cheesy oh oh what a statement maybe not exactly right but pretty close because it is the semantics that actually positions the syntax so hey it was pretty good let's try to recreate it okay so you have like a sideboard thing here which is made of wood and painted and I'm feeling it and by the semantics which the semantics is the feeling in my pores rubbed up against the grain of the wood and the syntax of this is actually you know the diameter and the the angles and and how the wood is positioned whereas um even the color of the wood because because color doesn't really exist because it's just really this thing that exists and this then reflects onto that and and because that's a certain shade um in combination with how that's reflecting to that, then that gives me that perceptual ability to perceive it as white. But can you understand what I'm talking about? Like a very simple thing, wood, I'm touching it, there's some semantics, like listen to it, there's some semantics, and and you see the angles there there's some syntax so the angles there there's your syntax the syntax is what can be measured and the semantics is really the information about how the syntax is formed um the information about why the syntax is formed. I think that's right. I guess, like we did last time, now is a good

time to present secrets in the production. That's such a redneck beer, and I only buy it because it is a redneck beer, and I do like it, don't get me wrong, but yes, I've been drinking the whole night. And the thing is, is that I haven't drank since my last production um which was like a month ago um but i've been speaking pot since so like you've been getting all these all these productions and i've been in my car i've been doing this i've been doing this and yes of course i've been studying that's what i do with my life my entire life is study um but i've been speaking pot throughout it um but just not showing you and the only reason i'm not showing you it's because this is a community development project and um doing stuff like that it's bad guy so by alcohol and pot giving me inspiration to feed you content and they're looked down upon in our society and i don't necessarily mean like Australian society is really big on drinking, but I'm saying for intellectual, psychonautic purposes, um, to develop as a person using drugs, um, that we're so stupid as a species.

Do you want to judge me and say that I am not professional? Well, I guess I am dealing with university students. In my first lecture, my professor said, hey, we're all adults here. And then she said, fuck.

Well, this. This is what I say.

If you can't learn to see beyond your systems to something better, more efficient, more capable, then we know how evolution turns out. Throughout this show, I have made a huge effort to be professional, and I am a professional, and even though I have blue hair and a lip ring and a fake bone hanging off my neck, which says om, that does not make me an amateur. and you use your own definitions and say an amateur is someone who doesn't know what they're doing for the most part and I don't fit into that category I don't understand how a professional to our collective psychology can only be conceived as someone who makes a profit off other people so if you exploit other people with your gifts then you're a professional and if you give your gifts for free then you're an amateur yeah logic okay just because i decided to give my gifts for free to society instead of charging for it that makes me not a specialist that makes me a lay person really um that makes me not professional I am sorry, Steve, that I could not be the friend that you needed.

And I hope you're the best in life and that you find what you're looking for.

One fights for what they love, for who they love. I love you with all of my heart, Ivory, and I will continue every single day to give everything within me in order to try my best. Even if I fail, it doesn't matter as long as I try my best to find you. And I know that this is inappropriate considering that this is a university assignment, but I am what I am, and what I am resulted in me pursuing this path, and I would not be on this path if it wasn't for her.

So Ivory, I love you with all of my heart and I know what you're going through is really hard and I wish with all of my heart that I could be there to help you with it. And when I find you, I will be. And I know it's hard, I know people are inconsiderate and people don't care and people are heartless, But I'm not, and the thing is that the people that you choose to spend your life with, the people that you choose to be around you, will impact the rest of your life. And I do hope I find you so that you can have an amazing life, because I want to bring that to you. And the thing is, is that I know, and there's not many things that I say that

I know, but I know that I can bring this to you. Inappropriate. Why am I being inappropriate? Because I'm trying my best to explain to you the device. Because you have to make one.

She is mine and she is beautiful. Maybe you should make yours. Maybe I am yours. Do you want to see how much you mean to me girl?

Just go to any video that is mine that I uploaded and just scroll to any point within it. It doesn't matter what point, just choose a point, randomly, and you'll see. Twist? Used to think her name was Ashley, grown fond of that name, and if it's not, want Ashley as a daughter.

If your name is not Ashley, can we please name our first daughter Ashley with three I's like A-S-H-L-I-I-I. We can call her Ash too, it would be really cool. I don't need friendships because most of the time I end up abandoned from them. And I have major trust issues because of that, and not only that, I always end up right about it anyway.

I'm looking for you girl, no one else. I am a machine, a thinking one. I highly recommend that you learn how to live only one life. It's not easy, but it's well worth it at the end.

I did not obtain my intelligence by emotionally disconnecting myself from the topics in which I study. This is the truth of my life. Here is your truth. These sorts of things are comments and are skipped over in the processing stage.

I only had five of those beers last night and two of them, half of them, I spilt in my car. But I have reflux esophagus so I have to be careful about how quickly I drink because otherwise I will vomit. I wonder what I captured last night. The reason why Steve stopped being my friend is because I didn't believe the ideology that he was pushing on me.

Social axioms, collective comprehensions. I used to want friends, but then friends kept on hurting me. Now I only seek the Messiah. Do you want to be my friend?

If so, start making videos like this and tell me, and if you're good enough I will subscribe and we can start there and develop an awesome friendship. The best! I took Aristotle's Nicomachean Ethics very seriously. Yay, let's get this, we need it, bye.

Perfect friendship is the friendship of men who are good and alike in virtue. For these wish well alike to each other qua good, and they are good themselves. Now those who wish well to their friends for their sake are most truly friends. For they do this by reason of own nature, and not incidentally.

Therefore their friendship lasts as long as they are good, and goodness is an enduring thing. What does our world mean when it talks about finding like minds? I have spent my entire life, including childhood, studying these topics that I am now presenting to you. I have never found a like mind before.

There is some concepts which are presented to you in society and we assume them to exist even though we have no experiential data of that phenomena existing. So just because we haven't experienced it then we just assume that it exists because lots of people talk about it. about it. Someone who cares for you and cares about your own interest and not only what interests they have with you. Family is good. We have free will. Those who are friends on the grounds of

virtue are anxious to do well by each other. Another question that arises is whether friendships should or should not be broken off when the other party does not remain the same. Perhaps we may say that there is nothing strange in breaking off a friendship based on utility or pleasure when our friends no longer have these attributes. For it was of these attributes that we were friends, and when these have failed, it is reasonable to love no longer.

But one might complain of another if when he loved us for our usefulness or pleasantness, he pretended to love us for our character. For as we said at the outset, most differences arise between friends when they are not friends in the spirit in which they think they are.

Am I lovable?

I don't know. Haven't experienced it. if I was a girl I would be chasing me surely it is strange to make the supremely happy man a solitary for no one would choose the whole world on condition of being alone the friendship of bad men turns out an evil thing for For because of their instability, they unite in bad pursuits, and besides, they become evil by becoming like each other. While the friendship of good men is good, being augmented by their companionship, and they are thought to become better too by their activities and improving each other.

any individual who is in the situation in which they must decide what they want to do for the rest of their lives, they are also in the situation in which they can choose whoever they want to be with in life and we need to really consider what we think about as a minor and the responsibilities we place on minors, especially between the ages of 16 to 18, when they're deciding about what they want to do for the rest of their lives. Because the thing is, is that if they're able to make that decision, then they can make the decision about who they want to be with for the rest of their lives. Sixteen-year-olds can't even join a dating website, yet they can have sex. Is it just me or things in our society a bit backwards? Weird, man.

But society refuses me access to that group. So now here I stand before you, and if this project succeeded, you're a likely first-year university student already enrolled in your field of interest. And you had the ages of 15 to 18 to decide what it was that you wanted to study at university. And unfortunately, I wasn't enabled to be able to access you then to promote philosophy.

So you're only beginning university. I started my degree in information systems. and I moved around a lot but I ended up in philosophy and if I knew about philosophy from the beginning as it exists now then I would have started off with that so here I am now trying to encourage you to do philosophy but also at the same time telling you that you can do the same you know film methodology using any any field of practice and ultimately I want to find my girl I really want to find her but because you were socialized to divide personal and professional this content will be uncomfortable for you especially with the ages too there's the dominant ideology what if I found her imagine the films we could create together would that benefit society or would that hurt it it's the superb fairy wren yay that's it from you it actually took exactly 10 seconds to format this camera I think it absurd for me to disconnect this production with my device so the rest of this production I'm going to be talking to my ivory and that is for multiple reasons but ultimately to show you how to make a device and how to work with the device these netbooks are pretty awesome and I just wanted to show them okay so it's just USB but the thing is it's high powered usb so this won't work on in most usb devices because the voltage i think it's the voltage is too high um yeah but this thing's really awesome like there's a button there see

i got like a tablet now that i can carry around and and then i go back to uh netbook it's really awesome it's really small way and yeah it's pretty cool it's it's perfect for what we're doing because there's no intense video editing being done because it's just producing it all and merging it into one and I'll show you that because in my other one where I showed you how to merge I didn't focus in when I clicked on the merge button so I want to make sure you know how to merge. It's so easy. All you have to do is click it and then you click this button. I used to use Sony Vegas to produce my content and that gave me a lot more special effects. But after years of

contemplating over its abilities, I decided that having special effects isn't worth it and I can obtain way bigger explosions merely by being all natural. Here is what we do. Let us not create something to replace the media and education in which currently exists. let's not not adhere to those sort of practices let's do something entirely different and let's not care about what they do and let's just do our own thing and that'll turn out best for everybody do you think I know how many episodes there's going to be I just listened to God and it's finished when it tells me it's finished



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



13-Project-Notebook-Chapter-05-Us-Philosophy-Kids

I'm touching it. QUALITATIVE DATA! There's some simantatics there, like listen to it, there's some simantatics, and you see the angles, there's this. QUANTITATIVE DATA!

I think this was the one, if I remember correctly. When resolved to moving, was so counterfeit creative, as if to assure himself whether it were living or not, could not even then lay ivory. He caressed flowers of berry on its limbs, and jewels on its fingers.

Strings of pearls upon the pot, less charming, that spread with cloths of Tyrian dye. His wife, of her favor, caused the flame on the altar to shoot up thrice in a fiery point into the air. When he returned home, he went to see his statue, and leaning over the couch, gave it a kiss to the mouth. It seemed to be warm.

He pressed its lips again. He laid his hand upon the limbs. The ivory felt soft to his touch and yielded to his fingers like the wax of Hymetus. While he stands, astonished and glad, though doubting, and fears he may be mistaken, again and again with the lover's ardor, he touches the object of his hopes.

It was indeed alive. The veins, when pressed, yielded to the finger, and again resumed their roundness. Then, at last, the votary of Venus found words to thank the goddess, and pressed his lips upon lips as real as his own. Her timid eyes to the light fixed them at the same corner lover.

Venus blessed the nuptials she had formed, and from this union Paphos was born, from whom the city, sacred to Venus, received its name. Schiller, in his poem The Ideals, applies this tale of Pygmalion to the love of nature in a youthful heart. The following translation is furnished by a friend. As once with prayers in passion flowing, till from the frozen marble glowing the light of feeling o'er, so did I clasp with young devotion bright nature to a poet's heart, till breath and warmth and vital motion seemed through the statue form to dart.

Returned my kiss, understood my heart, lived for me the bright creation. The silver rill with song was rife, the trees, the roses, shamed sensation.

An echo of my boundless life.

Xmouth is here, Cam Belder. I visited, which is about five years.

House's cost looks like, well, three years ago it would have cost 1.2 million. So if you bought it three years ago, you would have made $100,000 a year, and you'd be looking to keep... Oh, okay, so it's graded. Both include research and projects.

And there may be something... Yeah, not a good start. Doesn't look like I'm getting into honors. It looks like community development really wants me to do community development because if I can't get really good grades this semester, then I have to apply for a master's in community development instead of doing honors in philosophy.

So thanks, community development. You're going to screw me up really bad. One thing that would have strengthened your bibliography greatly would be the noting of how each of the sources would be useful in the development of your project. If you could only watch my videos and what it takes for me to come to those sources, then you would understand. But you can't. But the thing is, you limit my words, so I have to be very selective with the aspects in which I include. So, good job, Murdoch, on failing your students.

This is Project Notebook. So far it has earned a C+. Thanks, Murdoch. it's all very amusing so far for my life project I have obtained a C plus so let's see what they'll give me as a result of what you're getting out and the thing is is I know exactly what I'm giving you here so let's see how accurately our education systems can measure their students that'll be fun When one is left to their own devices, they will do one of two things.

They will either get bored or they will create and have an awesome time doing it. If they get bored, this is what we call the layman. And this is the individual who spends their life viewing the content of others.

And then you get the creators. And oftentimes there are creators who aren't enabled to create by society. And then as a result you get material like this. back to the blank slate I have this stream of consciousness and I don't care if you believe that I have it but I have it and I can choose what I do with it and maybe I say I'm a determinist but here's the thing that's always riding on my consciousness is that every single second I choose what I do so I'm thinking right now I choose what I do I choose what I do and right now I choose to film this So, there's moral aspects that is in this topic.

The cross tattooed upon my back. Maybe you don't have that, or maybe you do and even kind of accept that you have that without even realizing it. But this is the burden that each individual must carry, and that is that stream that pops up when they wake and continues until they sleep, and changes even within their sleep. This is the focus of my material because I'm not sure what to do with it and I think I have a moral responsibility towards it because it has to be directed somewhere and I'm not sure where to direct it.

And if I direct it towards a camera then I can see myself later putting all this energy into doing this and as a result that makes me investigate it further. And then I can take these readings in which I record these portions in which are extremely relevant to what I'm doing and then I can practically apply those to the world. So, I don't know, I'm trying my hardest, um, okay, back to Ivory, because that's what I said I was going to do in the last production, and that was to make this Project Notebook back to her. So, I hope you've enjoyed this so far, and what it's going to become is different.

So, I hope you enjoy that, too. If you're going to continue to watch it, and the thing is, I don't really care, because I only care about one girl, and if you're not interested in me by now, then we're not meant to be. So let's continue our philosophical investigations into the education system's inadequacies. Here is your gist, world, and it goes much deeper.

It's not the degree that gets you the job. It's the experiences that that degree incurred that gets you the job. You can replace a mechanical part, but you cannot replace philosophy.

If you want to teach primary or secondary education, I recommend that you encourage teaching philosophy.

Copyright. It both loves and hates me. I both create it and exploit it.

I don't have to worry about those plagiarism things at university. Like, I don't ever even consider them, like, whatever. It doesn't matter because why would I want to take off someone else's content? So, yeah, I get away with that, so that's good.

But then, what about other content? Like how much content has this Not not necessarily this camera, but other cameras that I've had how much content has that captured and

And didn't have the rights to do that

Okay, I'll just share a teaser. I'm not going to show you the entire process of this, but this is really awesome I'm so cool See, is there a better way to do this? Like, maybe you can talk to me about this. Like, how can I capture this so it's easy for people to view?

Like, I could maybe divide it into sections. So here I got a section, I can do that section. And then maybe I can do that section. And so then, battle there, so it goes off.

Like, that's where it is. There. um yeah so you can pause it wherever you want like talk to me about how to do this better please we can make it really awesome and quick and the the quicker we make it and the the quicker we convey that meaning then um the more efficient we can learn because i can compress a lot of information into a very short period of time and people complain that hey these are like gonna take me hours and hours to go through but the content in which you're receiving has been articulated in a certain way in order to convey a lot more than it's actually conveying can I sing a tune that will not be forgotten can I be bad in my approach while doing it Can I improvise the world around me? Can I sound both good and bad at the same time without you negatively judging me?

Can I be both awesome and kind of a little bit pathetic at the same time? Can we unite our thought processes?

Can we become what we are no matter what it is? Can we improvise the life in which is given? Can I stay? I can't I can't stay in tune I can't do it because I'm not that good of a star and you want to know why I'm not it is because I wasn't brought up in the conditions in which could nourish that because everybody around me kept telling me to shut up my name is Wendell Charles NeSmith. And I have a few problems in my head that I need to work out. But if I ever

found a girl who responded not only positively but also contributed to improvised song in life then I would be desiring to pursue that because I think that what we say can be turned into song and if we practice that on a day-to-day basis with our significant other then that can turn us into pretty cool people. There is at least two things in which I must add to the last take. Don't you just love this type of producing because you always come back to what you say. Please observe techniques as they are being applied. So I molded an

member into a particular way and now I am transforming that into another way and I would appreciate if you would pick up on me doing this without stating the obvious. Let me try my best to share with you the riddle of my tattoos. So we have arete there which is virtue but you can't really just say it's virtue like that's corrupt words like it doesn't work like that um but that's kind of the direction that it goes and we have phronesis which is practical wisdom so that's the practical aspect of um the theory in which we're investigating um so we really need to kind understand how these work together and and the reason why I have I'm a writer because that's why I actually put that there because I could always remember what I wrote was supposed to be a representation of this so it was like my veins flowing to my fingers to enable me to use the the pencil or pen in a particular way um to create some sort of meaning um so so that was always what should flow through that and if that doesn't work um then there's something wrong and i got to fix it um so that's always been my motivation behind that but you see my left hand um i'm kind of ambidextrous um so i do a lot of things with my left hand but don't write with my left hand i have written it's really messy um but that's always hard and especially since i've had a lot of suicidal thoughts in my life um that's always i've always kind of wanted to cut it so like what what can i do and then i got this like bracelet and and you think you know the meanings of what you have around you, when recorded they change, they become something different, so what does this mean to me now that it stays with me forever, so this image that I'm portraying right now is going to stay with me forever, and it says what would Jesus do, and then we got Pharnesis there, so practical wisdom, and how can I practically apply my life onto the world and um and flourish uh but but but like i said it's so hard to do that because because you gotta always your foundations you always have to check your foundations and if your foundations aren't right um then then you ultimately fell and and foundations is the triangulation and uh i say i don't want to do this but i'm gonna have to okay so I'm sorry like okay so there right there there's a triangulation that's my attempt to to triangulate the other two aspects um so what we have here is my ivory and that's her and and that's agape which that's uh God's love ultimately, but it's divine love. It's love without requiring something back. It's love

because you want to give it. It's because you care. And that's ultimately what I'm looking for in a girl, is a girl who wants to give herself to help as much as possible as she can in this life because we're only getting one life and what are we going to do with it? Are we going to be like everybody else? How has that turned out in the past? We could

always review our history books but I'm going to tell you they always end up the same way and that is not good. So let's do something different and let's help both the male and the female aspects of our humanity flourish in our society and learn to live within it and not separate from it because we separate ourselves from it and as a result of that we then can take actions that are not necessarily moral according to human standpoint because scientific research is outside of human. The human species Homo sapiens are only one part of that body of knowledge. So we're not even of its primary concern and yet we're relying on it as it's uh as our um driving focus like uh we're not even relying on on those who have our best interest at mind um why are we so stupid am I just talking crap is is everything that comes out of my mouth not gold um to the most part uh like please tell me if I'm wrong please do tell me if I'm wrong like if you've actually listened for a while and really consider what I'm saying then please tell me if I'm wrong. If you manage to capture 10 minutes per day of quality content

in which would improve the overall understanding of our human species then I encourage you to do that and you know just give a little show even once a week what about 10 minutes a week can you provide 10 minutes a week to give a little show to teach the world a little bit about something that you have understood that is different from what is presented to you okay so I don't know if you realize about the background conditions of this show which really is the first show that I ever created which was song of wind and that was 13 episodes but the thing is is that it was created because I didn't have what I needed in order to study and I was homeless and I was living in the bush in the wilderness on top of a mountain in Canberra and they couldn't give me electronic text so I could use the text-to-speech so I could walk around and listen to it and read it while it goes from word to word. So that really caused a problem and I kind of fought it with a 13 episode TV show which I thought they would respond to while I was taking units which I couldn't study because I didn't have what I needed to study. So I didn't do the units but I didn't withdraw because I thought it was morally wrong for me to withdraw when I couldn't do the units because I didn't have what I needed to do. I tried to do a retrospective withdrawal which took them off my credit which didn't work.

rejected that so that means that those those grades then pull my average down my GPA which is really low now because of those only because of those which means that I probably won't get into honors of philosophy only because of those units in which were bull crap anyway because I protested on camera in in a 13 episode TV show why I couldn't study because they couldn't provide me with what I needed to study which was electronic text because what happened was I got robbed and and that means I couldn't take pictures of the pages in which they sent me because now Now they just give me electronic stuff, most of my stuff is electronic, like I have a textbook here and there and it's really annoying when I can't get that in electronic format but they usually, like usually the readings is in electronic format which I can then use my text to speech program and follow along with it. And that's also when I can do that and I have so many different journeys with that program because like i'm like okay let's let's read this what's happening here and it's like so awesome yes uh i know we keep traveling off topic but the thing is how does the human psychology work and um if i'm going to capture something in time what i'm going to capture in time and how i'm going to capture it in time and the thing is like loose ends there's there's completing loose ends and there's also starting new ones. So you start new thoughts and then you then close them off and then start other thoughts that kind of have derived from those thoughts. So let's evolve. This is how we evolve. It's really fun. Please join me. I would love it

if you join me. Although my intended recipient is my ivory, uh, whoever you are that's watching this right now, please let me fuck with your mind a little bit because I'm gonna have a little bit of fun. And let's see how far we can stretch the limits of non-stream forms of media, that'd be awesome. Before I start this, I'm quickly going to admit that I don't know what I'm about to start and I'm a little bit drunk and a little bit high and I can't remember what it is that I'm about to start and sometimes that happens and then having a camera here that directs me in exactly the way in which I'm about to go really helps with train of thought and if anybody has any problems with their train of thought and how to reach meaningful conclusions, then I really recommend that you utilize this approach to arrive at conclusions that can really help everybody. So yeah, let's

try it. I don't even know what I'm about to do. How awesome is it to point out how stupid you are non stream forms of media what the crap am i talking about oh i don't know okay but what i do know is that i need to call the demon out and the thing is is i need to call it out um for it to speak for let's give it 24 hours i give you 24 hours demon um after the demon it's ivories um so that's your that's your capacity demon to do what you will with my show thrash it up as much as you want and when i come back to it i'll try my best to repair it and uh hey if i can't then always do always repair the crap that you induced upon me so um yeah that's the point of this and And in my dating profile, you probably didn't see it. Maybe you did.

If you did, I congratulate you. How was it? Did you like it? Yes.

But I confronted that, and it then told me that I could call it out whenever I wanted. and um and it would replace me until I could until I wanted to come back and the thing is I would but the thing is we don't share consciousness so it's either one or the other so I can't like I really have to tell it when to come and tell it when to go um because it doesn't work like that like it's not as controllable as that so um there i give the demon 24 hours to do what it will with my show it will be fun because i need little boxes to fill up the um the content of the platform, which is just a notebook, a student notebook, and every single student then can have access to portraying all of their innermost thoughts onto paper, and that paper then follows them around no matter what device they're on, and they can take that notebook around with them and everybody else can also view that notebook so all of their discoveries they can also be shared and there is the the goal of all of this you You dick. You left me with a flat battery, asshole. At least you left me alcohol and a few bonks. You fucking idiot. You leave me with an assignment like this? Like, what takes presidents? It doesn't matter, your camera's dead anyway. I'm just charging it now.

Please be careful with Wendell. He is more dangerous than he seems. He has underlying motives, sexual fetishes. If you can not provide what he needs, then he is not the right candidate for you.

But if you want a strong monogamous relationship, and which is kind of kinky, then he is your man. Leave me with your assignment, even though it's not due for ages. I'll make your assignment cool, dude, and you won't have to do any work, like just leaving my hands. And you can edit what you want, but you probably won't want to edit much at all.

You gave me beers, pot, a lot of information to study, and put me in a car in which has a heater that can run while I'm sitting about contemplating everything that you're trying to get me to do you see he's blocked me I can't revive his friendship Wendell why did you give it to me when you were fucked up like you only want to sleep now and I can't give you what you ask because you hand it to me when you're fucked up so what's with that like really what the shit Wendell. Wendell listen very carefully I know you did last time and I really kind of shook up what you were thinking and I hope to do that again this time um you need to become straight and you need to only drink on rare occasions which you do already which is awesome but you smoke pot and that's cool too but the thing is you need to smoke pot only on rare occasions and you need to give up cigarettes and I don't say that and I know it'll take you years to do and the thing is the best thing for you to do is to find a girl who doesn't want you to smoke cigarettes and and then marry her and then have her discourage you to smoke cigarettes and then just use like Damiana and stuff in your spin and not have tobacco at all. So remove that from your life entirely. Yeah, you already know this, but what you don't know is that I'm going to try my best to direct you in the best way that I can based off what I've observed over viewing you over your entire lifetime.

You can smoke as much pot as you want, but you know it can be expensive. It's tobacco that is the problem, and alcohol. So fix those problems and you'll be better physically for them. I know you have other physical problems that you would not release on camera or you kind of have in productions that have been censored.

But keep trudging on with those and the thing is you always got to make them better so if they're not getting better then you got to figure out how to make them better. And that can be hard when they're staying the same, when the same thing's happening again and again. But you'll get there. You just got to keep on working on it.

And medically, you can be entirely 100% fit if you only work for that over however many years it takes to achieve that. Like, Wendell wants to do Pankration stuff. He wants to do martial arts. He really does. He wants a girl who does martial arts. So, um, you know, how can I say it's worthy of, you know, pursuing both the body and the mind.

And pancreation is a good one because it derives from ancient Greece and he studies a lot of that. But you can't find places to study that sort of thing. You can't just walk down the street in Australia and walk by a pancreation place and then do pancreation. It doesn't work like that.

Wendell spent, like, five or six years searching for an underground ninjutsu, nimpotaijutsu place, and it took him a really long time to find that. He didn't really care for their ultimate results, but he thought it was really cool anyway along the way. Um, everything makes us, like, all that made me, so thank you for everything, everybody. Sometimes we break character, but let's investigate the insights that this character might give us.

Although he leaves me drunk and stoned, the good thing about Wendell's body clock, which he hates, is that it revolves around the sun and the moon, which means that he never really gets to sleep, he just sleeps random times, so, um, and he tries to sleep heaps and heaps, and he doesn't he just lays there and he can't sleep but he thinks because he can't sleep so yeah um he doesn't need sleep at least for long long periods of time i approve of all of the actions you have taken thus far i think you should continue on this project notebook journey and dedicated the rest of it that is to ivory show them what you mean by your device and i know it was kind of weird like you were going um i was watching you and you were going hey like how how can i um then transform this production from talking to the student who came across this into talking to Ivory, but you'll figure it out. You're smart like that. Just continue with what you're doing, and it'll finish perfectly, like it always does. So, you know, you want my advice. My advice is just to keep doing what you're

doing it'll it'll hit the spot soon and then something else will happen and the situation will incur and which I need to step in again and I will be there for you when that happens so don't worry because I have your back mate. Wendell So what you need is to sleep and you don't sleep much and I don't need much time to convey the messages in which I have in store for you because I can do that sort of thing because that's the type of being that I am, drunk and high. Took me like half an hour to get your stupid lip ring in. Why did you get a lip ring when you already have jaw problems anyway?

Well, anyway, um, I'm about to go to bed, so I will get Wendell his well-needed sleep, and then I will come back with what Wendell wants of me. and Wendell gave me this at about 1 30 a.m. so I have you know a little bit after midnight a little bit until a little bit after midnight tomorrow to express what I want and so I hope you enjoy this um mini episode is that what you want to call it? It's pretty cool. It's not just one device. There's multiple

aspects being played here. I'm playing with a lot of strings. I feel sorry for the one that is now interested in Wendell's work and feels compelled to find out its secrets because because this is pretty complicated material and it attempts to turn mice into men. Anyway, he screwed it up because now this content can never be considered professional.

There you go. Maybe we could redefine what professional is. This is how Wendell washes his clothes, takes a shower, throws them there and then the shampoo and the conditioner falls from his hair and then they just dry. How can one professionally teach students how to record information personally?

you see the two confliction this time I will avoid the use of makeup and putting a show on for you I'm just going to tell you as it is using the best methodology that I can come up with right now syntax just like an interface in which you can put stuff video goes there still a little bit buggy we'll fix it semantics I I'm saying something yada yada yada crap that it doesn't matter if people care about or anything because I care about it and I press the record button and I'm going to produce it and that's how much it is cared about from this vessel in which I occupy. So yada yada yada, insert content here, just throw out a topic and then you can continue where you left off with this topic and keep on exploring that topic until you have investigated all its aspects. And when you do, then your production, the set of productions, the show or whatever you want to call it this series that's then it's complete probably not what you expected very little differences but I assure you that the motivations are very different if you would like to see the dramatized version then I encourage you to do that but this production this project has very different intentions than the previous one. Wendell has always ran circles around everybody else and his romantic quest is really an attempt to try to find a girl who can keep up with him. Sometimes you just have

to stop and soak in what it is that you've done. Then you will be in the best spot to finish it off. The cameraman must have faith. Shall we get the spirit involved now because none of it will work and there would be no reason to do it if the student in which employs this method of learning doesn't have faith because they're by me going through this conscious activity in order to record it I must have faith that one it's the thoughts that I'm conveying are leading somewhere and and to that it'll all work out at the end Wendell only holds a handful of beliefs, so if we are to question our presuppositions, then I think this to be a good place to start, our beliefs.

Wendell went through his own Cartesian nightmare in which he went through the process of removing all beliefs from his character and after he did that he then assessed what beliefs were worth holding and from there we start with Jesus which is Wendell's king. And he follows Jesus as an individual and not a God. However, he was very divine in his teachings. And what's not to like about Jesus?

All of his teachings are compassionate and he didn't hurt anybody and he died for his greatest good. to show us something very significant and important about the collective psychology of society.

A demigod, the son of God, who came down to show us how we are all God's children.

First, a foundation created, a blank slate. And then careful assessment of the particulars of one's own experience. And then from there the implementation of particular ideologies upon that consciousness which then sit over it and control its functionality first he had established the past now the present after wendell's ex-wife left him he almost killed himself but before he attempted he lost consciousness and was taken away to be told many things which changed the entire direction of his life. In an instant, God made known to him many topics and suggested that he should dedicate his life towards teaching the ways of Jesus to its daughter in which it was preparing for me.

He was told that if he taught philosophy online for free, then eventually her eyes would examine it and she would be receptive to the content and in turn be prepared to accomplish the mission in which God has given her. But God's demands were not without reward. For His toils, He was to receive the hand of our world's new Messiah in marriage. thus he is ethically compelled to train her in the way of I will set the stage for you Wendell so when you come back you can romance her you the viewer the one watching this right now as we unfold knowledge and learn new aspects our responsibilities in life change. This education system has the potential to help a lot of people. What

are your new responsibilities in sharing this methodology to other people now that it has been released and digested?



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



13-Project-Notebook-Chapter-06-Pedagogy-of-Education

oh oh let's post that you hand this show over to me like I have some insight to reveal to either you or your audience and expect me to do something within a 24-hour time frame I don't really work well with your time frames and like that's a lot of expectations there that you just placed on me. Thanks, Wendell. You're constantly reading material, Wendell. You know when you get exposed to an artist's works over a period of time, eventually you'll understand how they think and you'll not only know what they're going to say from what they have said but you can then rebuild their arguments and use those arguments in different ways so the stream of consciousness in which we follow can bring us to different ways of seeing the world and this is why one can utilize their own stream of consciousness to divide it into multiple sections and if one does this then you'll have two perspectives to or more two or more perspectives to guide your life and maybe that's just what I have done but it has a lot of benefits and maybe that makes me crazy in your biomedical model of medicine applied to a psychology, but I think it could be, if utilized in a thoughtful manner, it could potentially help a lot of people learn and it would give a more objective view on their own points of view because you have multiple entities in which are criticizing it.

Before we realize our dreams into reality, we will account for what we are. Maybe. What do you think? It means that an HD for the unit is probably going to be impossible.

Bang! reciprocity. Gwendo wants to call the whole experiment horsey and be kind of like a weird band formed from our family, the one we created. There is at least two things in which I must add to the last take. Don't you just love this type of producing because you always come

back to what you say. Please observe techniques as they are being applied. So I molded an audience member. Excellence. Now that we have considered our problems, now we need to make

a distinction between the ones in which are biological and the ones in which were a result of other phenomena occurring. Delayed Sleep Phase Disorder. It existed in him before I was around from his childhood since he can remember and he just didn't sleep at the right times he was wanting to be up at night and could never keep a schedule consistently most of the time he spends in bed is awake trying to sleep which both gives him an opportunity to ponder difficult subjects but also really frustrates the crap out of him. That experience which he dealt with over his entire life has made him a very unique person and that experience was unavoidable and part of him without him having any say about it so now let's investigate further into the mind the other aspects we were looking at. Wendell has

considered for many hours how he could create devices and portray them in film and then use those devices to create really good meaningful film so how was one to do this with keeping the mind as a sane object of investigation he required some methodologies which get diagnosed as mental illnesses maybe just coping mechanisms for being experienced to extreme duress and homelessness over long periods of time. I'm lonely. I don't have anyone to talk about with these subjects and I feel that these subjects are the most important subjects in the world and if I have to act and divide consciousness into two entities in order to produce the content and which could potentially be receptive in our postmodern society to upset the the status quo then i think those sacrifices are worth it always fun to break character but this is project notebook which is a behind the scenes making of my life what sort of devices could you create like you can create as many of these as you want and you can play them out in many different ways like what sort of film can we do doing stuff like this like I'm only one person like I only have one viewpoint and that's why this girl is so important to me because it would give me another viewpoint and it would open up my world so much but if like a lot of people started doing this I really want to trend this like I'm doing all this crap to try to trend so let's try to trend this and be really cool. We can become really cool people as a society. Sometimes Wendell weaves fiction into fact

and he does this by convincing himself that something is true and if he knows that it's true, then he can figure out ways to demonstrate that truth. Now holding his hypothesis, he conducts practical experiments onto the world to reach their conclusions. In time, truth will reveal itself. The dark is destined to become light. The main point that Wendell is trying to

convey in all of this is that if you just say good things while filming it and then producing it and then releasing it will refine your character and open up a lot of possibilities for your career in the future that might not necessarily be of mainstream directions. Splice up your life by taking a magnifying glass to every aspect of it. If one is to implement a belief into their lives, then what belief will they choose? And will they only be limited to mainstream beliefs?

If a new religion is formed, then what are the rights according to that religion? And if that religion, like in Wendell's case, was focused around a girl, then workplace relations, romantic relations, would be inevitable because Wendell wants to be in the same filled as the girl say yeah it is what it is no justice demonstrated anyway Wendell's ideologies are protected under the legislation I will make my mark I'm not a camera whore like you are Wendell Please don't call me out unless you really need me. Each entity placed in its location only having control of particular aspects within it. They might not control the conditions in which are inflicted, but they can paint their image to align in the direction in which they seek.

I think you would be more appropriate to do that assignment than I would be. I gave you a few paragraphs in which you need to work on a little bit, but it's a good starting point.

Wendell is a good guy with a lot to offer, and even though he stretches the boundaries of his imagination, he needs a girl who'll step up and be what he needs her to be and in return he'll do the same thing for her. Wendell, this is almost done. Please start to wind down your activity. All we're waiting on now is the website. You'll see. It'll be fun. I don't really have a lot to offer you

except a little bit of perspective. Wendell, I think it more appropriate for you to direct this show than me. You're emotionally entangled in these subjects and I am distanced from them. I think that you would do a much better job.

Which is why I have been very reserved in what I have said.

Sometimes I think you hate me, but then you say or do things that prove otherwise.

So I will give you the sleep in which you need to prepare you for another difficult day's work. which will nearly finalize this project so I hope I have been of some assistance in this evolution of thought processes and devices and how we could use them to portray meaning to play around with the minds of the audience which in this case is you the one that's I'm the audience member because I'm gonna be the one that's watching this and then I got to relive it I gotta leave relive it vote character. I keep doing that. So for now your Daimon will go to bed but worry not for I have your back when you need me. Thank you very much Daimon. Your

feedback is much appreciated and will be utilized to develop a conclusion to this show. After 14 years of study, this research method has been practically applied, and I have shown you the best student that I can possibly conceive of in reality, and now I want you to do the same can you compete with the best of them can you compete with me ivory why am i worth it because i can create us an environment in which we can dedicate our entire lives towards compassionate causes and not be required to conform to social conventions. And I don't think there's many guys in the world that can provide you that soil in order to flourish in that manner. I have tried very hard, like with all of my films, to romance you not only into me, but also philosophy. If you do philosophy as your major then you can spend that time learning

about all the fields and once you finish your degree then you can do your post-grad in anything that you want and you would be most equipped to handle that and to choose the right topic for you. Thoughts are like butterflies. They're extremely hard to catch, but when you do you have them forever, and not only you, everybody has them forever. You can't get rid of them.

They never go away. I see a future human civilization in which is tolerant of one another who not only listens, stands back to consider the needs of others but also implements projects within their society in order to help all different types of people and in order to do this one cannot restrict one's approach to the scientific method. And is studying science really the best thing? Is that the smart thing to do?

that what's going to make you smart. Science is empiricism, which is one epistemological approach and philosophy has empiricism and uses empiricism as part of it. So isn't science more limiting because they only limit their scope to one approach of that knowledge? The The reason I am continued to be compelled to press this record button and share information.

And that reason is my device, which is my ivory. And that's something important that I wanted to present in this episode because why we do the things that we do are really important. And I thought about it for a long time, and if one is to teach someone something, then what is the best way to do it? And yes, theoretically and practically, we can always create these dualisms to help us understand what could be going on.

But at the end of the day, if you want to learn something, then you should learn from love. And if you're not learning from love, then that information has no practical relevance. So the reason why I want to teach is because I love, and the reason why I keep uploading these videos is because I got a lot of love to give, and yes, it's to my girl, but the information is still relevant to all of society, so she's my motivation to keep providing you this.

What is a prophet? it. If I make a whole bunch of stuff up in my head and then prove all of that valid through demonstration, then have I not woven fiction into fact? And does that mean that my religion actually has a basis to stand. And even though it draws on many religions, is it not in a sense

still a religion of its own? Prophecy is an unfolding of time and values and our ability to technologically accommodate for them. If I find my girl, who is just a girl, and I convince her that she is the Messiah, and we spend the rest of our lives helping people together, and me following her as the goddess that she is, then am I doing anything wrong? Really?

Worshipping with my heart is the best feeling ever. And not only worshipping you who chose an alternative life to be with me, but also worshipping with you would make me the happiest man in the world. Because this isn't just my religion. It's our religion. Our religion can only ever consist of two people. And this is how you do it.

But by creating such a religion, here is the catch. Has God not just provided by giving each individual the ability to create their own religion which will bring them to the highest possibilities, potentialities within their character? If fiction must be created before it can become fact, then what fiction will we create?

Am I disrespecting the prophets prior to me? To the prophets of our history, thank you. Thank you for sharing with me your beliefs so I could have solid foundations to implement my own. the truth without any fictional element whatsoever. I was sent a message in which dealt with the

unconscious regions of my brain and then sent on top of a mountain to engrave this message into stone so that I could take it back down to share with my fellow human brothers and sisters. Not exactly because we do that and we document it while we're doing it, but getting closer. All you have to do is accept the fact that you are the Messiah and then spend the rest of your life helping people. If you did this, would you be the messiah?

I know it will be hard, but we have each other and our king. Can Prometheus shine light upon man? Trying to figure it out. Do you see how I've combined all my pursuits into one. So if I end up getting a job out of all of this it's because of the girl and no matter

what happens like my life has become this because of me searching for this girl. It makes it very difficult though because combining personal and professional as well as spiritual Ideologies doesn't work well in the workplace, but this is why I've had to make my life this, because now there's nothing that they can do about it, because it's the individual in which they employ, so that's part of the package, because I dedicated my whole life to it, and you can see my devotion around it. So that's what you get and any employment opportunities that come along will have to accept me how I am. To employ a genius, to exploit a genius does not come without some sort of compromise. The problem is that I know how smart I am.

I'm intelligent enough to perceive my own intelligence, therefore the haters have nothing on me. If you want to debunk any of the things that I've said during this show, then I look forward to watching your show which does it. Be careful what you comment, because that is your voice publicly pronounced to the entire world and if you wouldn't feel comfortable with that being attached to you then I caution you to proceed wisely let's see them I'm a bit vain girl I know that I'm beautiful and I capture that beauty for you because I want you to do the same for me because I want to have you on camera beautiful as well as in real life. I'm your biggest fan. I'll follow you until you love me. I need you so bad. I've been

alone for so long. I'm unique and I require someone unique and I don't know what to do. Mmm, baby, you know, there's no other superstar that I'll be.

I would give it to you again and again if I had to. I would spend this entire life looking for you and another and another and another until I found you.

I don't care. You need to be like this. I need someone like this. I promise that I will be kind, but I won't stop until that girl is mine.

And there is nothing that you can do about it, society.

Haters are going to hate. Lovers are going to love.

That is just how it is. What is our responsibility to actualize the prophecy in which came before us?

I, for one, promote a free society, one in which the government has very limited functionality.

Thoughts should never be censored. If a dysfunction in society occurs, then it is society's responsibility to analyze that dysfunction and then implement programs in which can rectify it. And that's on the conscience of every single individual within the community not being able to do that. And the problem with our modern way about going about it all is that it's linked in with the systems in which currently exist. So it's all what's been passed down. The methods in which they use to come to those conclusions are systematized and it removes the individual from the equation.

So when there's strange problems that go on in society, then society isn't equipped to be able to handle those. They don't even realize that it's going on because they have no way of identifying those problems. And they don't really give the funding to be able to identify those problems either. It's like the problems themselves.

The people are unconcerned with the problems themselves. They only are concerned with the effects of those problems, and if those effects don't directly manifest themselves, then they remain unconsidered. That's what the scientific approach results. Good job, humanity.

I would have taken philosophy straight out of high school, but all of my friends and family discouraged that. pretty girls who message me who like philosophy. How cool is that? I've created the perfect life for myself. What started it all? Ivory heart. Philosophy is not a replaceable part. It is not

a mechanism in the machine. It develops the theory in order to create the machine. Here is my memory streamed live to you. I encourage all students to study whatever field they're most passionate about, but it's difficult to be passionate about training to become replaceable part there's your truth if you study philosophy then you can create new fields of practices on the fly if you study a field of practice then you are limited in the methodologies in which they utilize to arrive at their conclusions and this is so much more effective because philosophy can use science but science can't use philosophy one purpose six and the nine my first course one day tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick time. It'll happen one day. She could be a star.

Hell yeah. Pretty girls. I like pretty girls. I had to figure out how to combine my two favorite aspects of life.

Pretty girls and philosophy. So worst case scenario, I stay alone for the rest of my life and get chicks messaging me about philosophy. sounds alright I can do it but here is the thing I don't think that I have to think like that anymore because I think I can find you calling all the pretty girls in the world you can rule our new media revolution how will you paint not only your world but also our world. A life seeking what one loves but failing is better spent than accepting second best. I will fail and after that I will

fail again and even after that I will also fail. I will continue to fail until one day I succeed. No brick out of place. The foundations are built upon solid grounds mine are what about yours if you are attractive what is your responsibility to your species what about if you are attractive and smart there is only one barrier in my way but I am working my way around that because Because what we are exists a priori to the numbers in which we calculate ourselves.

Why settle for second best when you can have me? Thus I write my vows through my own life toils and pray to Venus to find you. And as a result, I bow to you, because without you in my head enabling me to do all of this, then I would not have been a capable man. You made me. Do you like what you have made? Please take care of your creation.

And all of this adds up to me loving you with all of my heart, without having even met you. The only question in which remains is whether or not you can be my Messiah, because I am ready to be your disciple. I already am your disciple. I'm just waiting for the true queen to stand up.

Let's play. And in the last days it shall be, God declares, that I will pour out my spirit on all flesh. And your sons and your daughters shall prophesy. And your young men shall see visions.

And your old men shall dream dreams. even on my male and female servants in those days i will pour out my spirit and they shall prophesy and i will show wonders in the heavens above and signs on the earth below blood and fire and vapor of smoke the sun shall be turned to darkness and the moon to blood before the day of the lord comes the great magnificent day. Oh that glorious day that you decide to message me. I'm packed up and ready to go my love. I'm just waiting around to find out where you might be. When I move to you

you need to help me find friends you need to help me establish a social existence outside of the internet I am damaged goods so you will have to handle with care but I know that you are also but here is the thing I've been created to be able to emotionally support your needs specifically just as you were created to be able to support mine we can do it together fix each other let me help you I understand you've probably been hurt by a lot of people you probably have trust issues because of this and you're confused as to how people can hate each other in the world. Just follow my path and we can fix it, girl. It'll take time. When a dog does wrong, it does not earn praise. And society shows itself

as the dog that it is every day. How do we train a dog to be a good boy? How can the most beautiful girls in the world train the dogs called men into showing them respect and providing them with equal rights and treatment how can the kids of the world teach the dogs that we call parents how to emotionally treat them with respect how do we teach the parents that the stupid questions in which we ask actually aren't that stupid communists senses it only becomes common sense after the fact our children need your guidance girl and I pray with all of my heart that you will be able to give it help train them so they will not fall off the obstacles in which they encounter in life how we do it their education system must not only be confined to the scientific approach not exactly but getting closer Wendell Charles NeSmith seven characters seven characters seven characters the number of an angel W C NeSmith or Wiccan what What episode number is this? Put one and one together.

Who am I in your Bible, Christians? And finally, hitting my target, A. Do not say that one cannot accomplish miracles with their own two hands. The only requirement is that their hands were blessed by God.

Maybe God is not the only entity in which can provide the human being with the ability to perform miracles. So if Baal is the God that you worship, you will be able to do this probably much more effectively not probably definitely much more effectively than I can but I look forward to the competition in the future because God's long-term results will stand steadfast throughout the ages whereas those of Baal will show themselves for what they are eventually and the miracles of God will take a lot longer to come to fruition than that of the devil. You know you did good work if your feedback is controversial. But here is the catch. We work from the inside

out. So first we become an individual in which is special and we broadcast that to the world as our individual personalities and we utilize that media to seek the most appropriate fit to our own individual psychologies and if we started dating like this then we would find not just anyone but someone special I hand over with an open heart the instruction manual to enable any student to become extremely smart. But what I really hand over is a dating ideology written to every audience member sending to the entire internet enabled world to my girl.

If you are ivory, I am deeply in love with you.

This is what you do with a philosophy degree. No matter what I do, I win, and all of my investments are in all of the areas in life in which I want to be invested in, and I have a lot of them. My life is going to get interesting. Things take time, Wendell. Remember for your future. It goes tick, tick, tick. Not tick,

tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick. But sometimes life takes drugs and you have to speed up for a short period of time so you don't.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



13-Project-Notebook-Chapter-07-Own-Your-Psychology

Hey

Be ready for you soon Let's complete the final part of our experiment women are integrated into the group governed by males where they occupy subordinate positions Seeing clearly is not her business She was taught to accept masculine authority. She thus forgoes criticizing, examining, and judging for herself. She leaves it to the superior caste. This is why the masculine world seems to be a transcendent reality, an absolute to her.

men may gods and women worship them let's see if we can flip it i have done and will continue to do everything that i can to make sure nothing goes wrong i also have to live the results of a patriarchal society. So you are not the only one that is oppressed. So are us males. It would take me a lot to commit to a relationship. Like I said in the last episode, I am emotionally damaged.

I have trust issues, so if you are interested in pursuing me, then you will have to work with that and resolve that. If you can repair my broken heart, then I can repair yours. I really need a girl forever, not just this life, not just for the next five or ten years. I really need a girl forever.

So this is the sort of commitment that I require in order to begin a relationship. Because why on earth would I be in a relationship if our desires for that relationship don't align? Is this going to work? It's such a weird life, eh?

If you are to be a prophet, you are to remove aggression from your personality.

Active aggression. Passive aggression can sometimes be useful to prove a point. This is so cool. Check this out.

Just chuck it there. How awesome is that? I got hands. Aggression! So why do we do this?

If we think back about how our species has changed over time, then we'll notice that we're creatures of evolution. So, like, we need our wisdom teeth to grind meat, but then, as we progress as a society, we no longer need to eat raw meat, so we no longer need our wisdom teeth. Things like the appendix necessarily don't perform a function anymore, and that's very much so the case with aggression, because if we think back about our society and how humans had to develop within it, And you'll notice clearly that we were not always mentally capable of socializing and diplomacy nowadays can achieve all things if we only swing it right. And if we start swearing at each other and fighting each other and throwing things at each other and getting upset with each other, then we're going back to those primal instincts.

and i'm showing you how we have evolved as creatures and you can make your own assessments on the material that i have presented to see if to see if you agree with what i'm saying and if you do then that means that we should no longer uh invest our efforts into into fighting each other because it's like one person gets angry at another person and then says hurtful things which then the other person feels insulted and then responds by doing the same thing and then they respond by doing the same thing back and like there's no winners in this and if we're now intelligent enough to identify that and we live in a society in which violence is not commonplace um as far as you know like we don't we don't have to worry about walking down the street and getting murdered um i mean i guess everybody always has to worry about that but but that's not very common at all that's not a common thing so uh now that we have uh went beyond our problems in the past, then we no longer have to perform the acts, which will ultimately create more problems for us. So if we just learn from our own mistakes, then we can ultimately fix them. Maybe it sounds like I'm going on more rants, but this is actually a very important subject, especially to me because I've spent the last five and a half years, five years traveling around australia and all throughout my experiences i just saw relationships that were in really bad condition and every time i saw them it made me sad especially when i see a pretty girl that has so much potential that ends up dating some dick and you don't have to do that like not just you my girl but you the audience member you're better than that you're being able to keep up at least to some degree with what I'm saying you're still here you're still listening to the content in which is coming from my mouth which makes you something different so don't be like that be better be better than what we are and the thing is is we're never going to be better as a society if the individuals in which make up that society don't become better in themselves But here is how we release it. We do martial arts together. And if you get upset at me, then I will do everything in my power to rectify the issues in which you outline.

however if you want to take it to the mat you are welcome to try your best to give me a beat down if you want to beat me up a little bit on the mat then I'll let you that is until you're good enough to do it without me letting you I'll teach you I'll teach you to kick my ass I've been studying martial arts since I was a kid. I have over 18 years of formal experience. It might take some time. I don't ever want you to get angry or upset with me. And I know I speak impossible things. But before you make your judgments, please hear out my arguments.

I have for a long time due and will continue to revolve around you. So if you have any problems within your life, if you have any difficulties within your head, then please come to me as soon as possible so we can discuss these issues. because it's when you hold them in and you don't share them with those who want you to share them. That's when we can create tension between each other and that tension will not help our relationship at all.

And the thing is, I love deep and meaningful conversations. So by doing this, I would be enjoying myself too. That's what I want to do. I want to be there for you whenever, whenever you need me.

I want to be your prince. I want to be your king. I want to be your faithful disciple.

Please think about the things in which you think about.

If you have a little bit of hostility towards me, then you should be thinking, why? and then with that answer, you should approach me and tell me why and tell me how I can redeem myself to my queen. As much as I fake that I'm not, I am still human and I still make mistakes. Please help me turn my mistakes into character.

I will do the same for you with tact and I hope you are tactful in how you do it with me. My demon inappropriately warned you of my sexual appetite, but it is all illusory. I have only been with one girl before, and not in any kinky ways. That was my ex-wife.

How much of what is in my mind would you do with me? I do not hate you, Daimon. I actually love you very much. But everything you do is inconsiderate of the human species. You care nothing for humans and you have only recently, in the past few years, learned to care for me.

There are reasons why I have the attitudes towards the aspects of my life that I do. Because there was experience incurred in which damages and damages take time to repair. And you, Daimon, and you know it. This is the thing.

You caused me a lot of pain and suffering in my life. and you want me to like forget all of that i know you didn't have a choice in it because you were forced into the vessel but it doesn't go away dude do you like my teeth they're a bit messed up but that's the only reason they look so cute i would like to have you know like 15 20 or 200 kids, but if your room's not capable of that, if you're not in the same boat as me as far as kids, I am very willing to compromise. And if your name is not Ashley, then our job is to produce one. And that is as far as my goals extend. So if you're not wanting kids

and your name's Ashley, then I'm okay with that. But if your name's not Ashley and you're not wanting to create an Ashley, then I'm not really okay with that and you're not my Parenting, body, mind, soul. That means we must provide for the eventual maturation of these aspects and within our modern day society often the emotional requirements of the mental aspect are overlooked. And we must do everything that we can to ensure this does not happen with our children. We need to emotionally provide for our children no matter what. And I will even say that this aspect is more important than receiving physical requirements.

Can we talk about family? Can you obtain me family? Can I be part of your family? Can I please have your dad and your mom?

And if you have any brothers and sisters, I would really appreciate them too. And if they could accept me as their own and teach me how their daughter needs to be treated in life, how their daughter needs to be loved, then I would really appreciate the assimilation.

But this will be difficult because I am so much older than you.

How can your parents, how can your family love me when I am cradle-snatching? I would be nothing. My only problem is that when we together have problems, I can't delete the take after I produce it. So if I stuff the first or even, hopefully not, but second go up, please allow me another chance to redeem myself.

It kind of upsets me to watch myself cry, but it teaches me so much, especially when I am crying over you. Maybe this is very sad, but I can't wait for the day in which I hold you in my arms and together we cry and after we get over it and we fix the problems in which we were crying about. Bang. We'll see.

Yeah. Hang on. Let's get back. it back. Just to show. I'll actually press the back thing. Okay. Again. Okay, here we

go. So, check the next one. You can see I already clicked it because I clicked that first on accident. I thought it was around that time. I knew it was. Okay. Thank you

police force in Australia. Really appreciate it. If you are interested, please watch what I have available I'm trying my best not to give an abundance of content so a girl could potentially keep up with me and that kind of happened because God made it happen because my work was censored and I can't re-release my work until I find my girl so that induced me to create more work, so now I'm working with the new work in which I have, which I'll show you, which started at Foxes Have Holes, but the thing is Foxes Have Holes was just an assignment, and it went for like more than a year, like a year and a half I think it was from Dear Ashley. I got arrested for Dear Ashley. That was the TV show I got arrested

for. Then I think it was like six months later. And then I think that was like six months later after that. And then that's like a year and a half later. Something like that.

Do you want my old work? I promise I will give it to you if I find her. Maybe you, the one who is viewing right now, and maybe this gorgeous girl, I don't know, is. And if this is the case, now is your time to prove who you are so you can claim what is inherently yours to save the world in its entirety and just to note for all the guys out there the only thing that made my interaction with these awesome girls possible was this please note forever if you are not beautiful then I am sorry I don't think that we can work. I need my own reflection. If you are beautiful, be warned. I am not an easy

lay. It takes a ring on your finger to achieve that. If you manage to convince your parents that I am awesome despite the fact of being 31 years old then that will make our lives a lot easier I have not only had many dreams about you but also many dreams about trying to prove myself to your father if you want me to be humble please help me be friends with your father if you don't let's have fun please consider that I have an entire lifetime to give to you and a short period of time in trying to please your father in the long run is beneficial and And in reality, only a short period of time.

I don't know your father, and I don't know if you're on good terms with him. But if I assume correctly, then it was him who experienced your birth, and he also experienced you growing up into a toddler, and from there into a child, and from there into a young adult and it's from these experiences in which are relative to him in which he can pass on to me in order to ensure that you have a happy life and if you have a good father that's his goal for you and that's his reason for not liking me is because he doesn't think I can provide you the life that you need but if he can teach me what life you need because he experienced your life as it developed then I promise I will try my best to give you everything that you could possibly ever desire. I don't know how your father would take me but I would take your father as a friend because he is the best person in the world to teach me how to treat you. I a lucky girl. This all would have happened a lot sooner if it wasn't for me being censored

by the Australian government. However, everything happens for a reason and it was required in in order to find you specifically as the girl and not just the theory of the girl.

I know I am beautiful. Imagine how many sluts I could get if I put my efforts in that basket. But I have higher dreams. And my girl, that is you.

Maybe I am creepy.

I no longer care.

I am in love. Did you know that I went to jail for you?

Did you also know that I went to three psychiatric wards for you? Did you know that the last five and three quarters years of my life has been dedicated to you? Please do not feel sorry for me, because if I ever find you, all of it would have been well worth it. And, oh boy, will I have many, many stories to tell.

Can I please call your dad, dad, and your mom, mom, or mom, or however you Australians like it? Are you even Australian?

I look forward to learning the answer to that question. Here was my task. Incite interest in younger girls into me. Did I perform it adequately? Did I accomplish my goal?

If they come to me, and I am openly old, and they are young, then what am I doing wrong? Wrong answer. Do you want me? Can you be Messiah? Can you convince your parents to like me?

There is three big questions. The hand, it goes blop, it goes blop. My Keira, could you be her if you want to? Would you like to see every girl out there in the world that's watching this right now, whether I'm taken or available, doesn't matter.

Gotta love girls that know their etymology.

We must test, and I hate to say this, but the subjects.

Finally, found the bracket. it. There is only a certain extent in which I will hit on a girl. Do it again. There you

go. See? If you are beautiful and you are receptive to not only me but everything that i'm saying fit in claim what you own i know that i've done this before and failed but the awesome thing about failure is eventually you will succeed again and again and again but the thing is it's that leap of faith that we were talking about earlier okay so let me convince you you could beat everything if that's what she wanted. The girl who wants to be Messiah. Let her

claim the throne. Let's freak her out. Bang. And now the truth. Oh nice. I actually like

this girl. She's awesome. I need a girl who challenges me. I need a girl who is intellectually developed enough to be able to call me out on my crap.

Thank you very much, Kira, for helping me show my audience exactly how what I propose can come to fruition. Bang! Whoever ends up with you is a very lucky person, and I hope they treat you how you deserve to be treated. To every Kira out there, if you want me, come chase me. I can't pursue you because of your age.

For recent example, you. If you are my Ivory, please stand up as her when you are ready. I am a very patient man, and welcome to the beginning of the rest of your life, because it is about to get weird. but weirdly awesome. I'm going to assume that all of my audience members are

technologically savvy enough to upload a YouTube video. If you're not then I encourage you to look at my past works to learn how but I recommend you do this from the VPS because you can just download the video from your Dropbox and and it's fast and then upload it extremely quickly so it enables you to do things a lot faster with the VPS and you don't have to worry about sending multiple copies because then you can go to archive.org and upload there as well. If any girl out there has what it takes and wants to be my ivory then there is two things in which you need to do one convince yourself that you are her to convince me that you are her neither of these steps are easy get a camera become a camera whore and while you do it, say really awesome things with your mouth. Let's test it out. Divine, love, passion, compassion,

testament, loyalty, consideration, care, particularity. There are many trials in which we must overcome in order to be with each other. But for now, do not worry about what the future holds, because we are destined to be together and hold hands for the rest of our lives because inscribed to our wedding rings will be forever through God's grace. I need forever. Like I said previously, I don't need a year, a few years, 10 years, 20 years,

or even a lifetime I need it all past present and future everything in which I ask from you I will return exponentially I am NOT Pygmalion I had to shape my own heart in order to find yours. I was never shaping your heart. This was the underlying meaning of the story of Pygmalion and his ivory statue, Galatia. However, through time and interpretation, meaning is lost. I hope I have been able

to effectively convey that meaning once again. A superb fairy wren. Let's not only educate ourselves but let's educate everybody while doing it. The goals of this show have been accomplished. Now let's wrap up its conclusions. Ivory is

my ideal of the best woman possible the most perfect woman that could ever be and I really want her for my own so I'm doing all this because of that she is young because the creation of a demigod must start from childhood this method was the only way that I could find a philosopher and lock me up if you please but I am also attracted to young girls because with all of my heart and on my knees I want to watch my girl become the edges almost have this song down pat you know the one that will result finding me this girl even though society tried its best to stop me can you see how we hide our controversy I recommend that you do philosophy because you could be a star of course I don't know yet whether this girl is my ivory or not but it did make me feel really good to actually accomplish what I've been striving to accomplish for a long time and that's to have girls her age who are beautiful to message me about philosophy how awesome if I managed to obtain 10 or 20 girls like her around the world and which spoke to me about philosophy then I would be a happy man and over years of doing that put one and one together and you can see how I won't stay single for that long. I have done it, no matter what happens. I have done it. Good job, Wendell.

Welcome to your new career, Wendell, the one in which you have been building for yourself since childhood. Although it was not easy, you have managed to immobilize all of the systems in which oppress you by replacing the ones in which did not provide my needs and in actual fact ensured that my needs would not and could not be provided with systems of my own that function much better than the part in which they offer you. If a part in our society is broken, then what should we do with it? First, you try to fix it. But if that remains an impossibility, it's called a replacement.

Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, per episode. Bang. If a system cannot consider unusual circumstances, then it needs to be thrown into the fire.

Only then can it be born again. It has been very difficult to try and convince girls to study philosophy. How did I do this time? Did I romance you into my head?

Did I own what I am? If my psychology is to be labeled as taboo, then I will be the coolest person that I can be because of that tabby how many stereotypes do you fit in but at the same time not fit in she is the reason in which I breathe you can put me in jail on fabricated charges or you can throw me in psychiatric wards but you will never stop me from looking for her And when I find her, we will save the world together, one step at a time. There is your fairy dust, so now let us fly. Just remember to not forget your happy thoughts.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



13-Project-Notebook-Chapter-08-Never-Gonna-Stop

Dang. Did you know that I was homeless, living in the wilderness for over three years because of you? Haha, what an awesome episode. Okay, Project Notebook succeeded.

A practical example of the learning style played out unto the world. This is how you use your new notebook. How much better is this than a dating website? Booyah.

Let's roll it out. That's not bad for this date being when I started it. That's this many days ago. And now we will go to church to worship God and be thankful for the life we have been given.

But we will overlook our discrepancies in beliefs because the Savior has returned. Only this time God has sent its daughter and not its son. Now let's go praise God for enabling us to chase our dreams. Because now we can perform miracles.

All of it is really because I want you to grow up on camera so I can keep it for myself forever. What type of person do you want to be for your high school reunion? You need to understand that don't always look at your vision. Your vision, sometimes it feels like it's never getting any closer.

And then you get discouraged. I had a well-known preacher named Phil Briegel say, he said, don't just keep looking at your feet. And if your feet are moving forward, then you are advancing to the feet. The Bible says in Galatians 6 verse 9 It says that let's not grow weary in doing good For in due season Some of you here, you're doing good and you're getting weary That's a good sign Get you close to your harvest The Bible says don't grow weary for in due season You're going to reap your harvest If you're weary, if you're wondering is this worth it I'm getting weary and keep going Because when you do you're getting close to your harvest Yeah, nice. I will. All the best, Kira. It was fun. Next. Yep. I have never asked for money from anyone before, but what I do ask, if you view this and this helps you to make stuff like this, or if it helps you understand things, or if it benefits you at all, then please direct.

It's my ivory to me if you happen to know her or come across her in your travels. She would likely be unique, so she should stand out to you. So, here is the essay. Maybe the author?

Both the artistic and the theoretical modes of exploration of the body can be viewed as complementary elements of feminist aesthetics. What do you think we are doing with my teeth? Critical consideration of norms of female beauty and the artistic depiction of women influences the ways that feminist artists employ their own bodies in creating art. What are we doing?

The most dramatic uses of artists' bodies occur with the relatively new genre of performance art, in which feminists have been the pioneers you girls can do it of course both men and women artists sometimes display their bodies in art with the female performer however there is a particular deep invocation of conceptual tradition yay i found it i'm so happy okay this is what i've been looking for because this is what I needed to study. The fact that hers is a female body changes the dynamics of several of the oppositions she invokes in performance. For women's bodies in western culture have almost always been viewed as objects of display. Women have rarely been permitted agency in art, but instead have been restricted to enacting upon and through their bodies the theatrical, musical, cinematic, and dance scenarios constructed by male artists.

Stories of this traditional sexual division of cultural labor bear down on Anderson or any woman performer when she performs. Doing stuff like I'm doing is how you fix it. Luce Uruguay, we'll get to her later, one of her projects is to evoke feminine subjectivity that can be represented in its own terms, not just as an absence in the symbolic order. If you don't want to risk being caught on camera, please do not contact me.

Here is our next book. There has surely to be a way between the alternatives of an oppressive Western application of humanism to the other and surrounding any kind of cross-cultural knowing. The positing of two such limited positions perhaps emerges from Western male modes of knowing, which ignore psychic energies, psychoanalytic operations, and concern with subjectivity and interiority. Oh, how annoying. It's expensive, but I really need it. I can't really afford this.

These images necessarily function in relation to prior images and stereotypes, in relation, then, to the history of imaging minorities, rather than aim to produce any new truth about minority groups. Women filmmakers are producing new ways of seeing, new readings of the past, as well as new images of interracial-looking relations. They seek to intervene in the imaginary to change how images are produced, rather than to present minorities as they really are. While, indeed, social realities regarding minorities have changed dramatically in the wake of 1960s liberation movements, the advances have been uneven, with some groups getting access to the mainstream, while others fall even further behind.

behind liberation. Her final voiceover marks that it was Esther Jeter who helped her see beyond the shadows dancing on the white wall. She now wants to use the power of the motion pictures, for there are many stories to be told, many battles to be won.

Mignon's decision to stay and fight on Hollywood's own terms is one strategy for the disempowered to adopt. Since Hollywood has produced the power of the movies, it is up to those who oppose the kind of power slash knowledge Hollywood represents, to counter their knowledge with a different kind. I have found very good quality material today. Part of this style of documenting one's own life. Particular conversations with individuals will end up being recorded because

the only reason you're having those conversations is because of what you're invested in doing and the point of this entire method of learning is to practically apply what you're saying in real life, so I'm sorry, but I'm a public person, and you're going to have to deal with that. I won't say everything, but if it's relevant to the topics that I'm talking about at that exact point in time, then it ends up in there. Semiotics is the study of meaning making, the study of sign processes, and meaningful communication. This includes the study of signs and sign processes, simiosis, indication, designation, likeness, analogy, metaphor, symbolism, signification, and communication.

How will you portray meaning? It will be very interesting how all of this turns out, because I'm going to swing Project Notebook a particular way, and it's gonna be funny. So like, if you're getting this now because of what I've done, like, how awesome is that? Motifs like bang.

I thank God for what it enabled me to do and because of Jesus and because of the teachings in which Jesus fed me and very much food for the soul motivated me to do all of this. So let's make up our own stories and fit those in with our own goals in life and if we can do that then we can line up our lives with both our field of practice, our study to get to that field of practice, and our personal lives too, if we intermingle these two aspects.

Oh, the stupid Siri thing.

Oh, it's now... How can I help you? Oh, I don't want help. I already got it.

Thank you, God, for giving me the help. Oh, shut up, Siri. Thank you, God.

Download Better Personality.

Searching for better personality on the app store. Thank you. Uh, what? Um, no.

You're fired.

But, but. Oh.

Clean out your desk and get out.

Leave my phone. I'm not sure I understand. Get the crap out of my phone. That's not nice.

Disable Siri. That doesn't sound very fun. how about we play the quiet game instead okay then shut up don't speak to me anymore sorry wendell just trying to help leave me alone sorry wendell just trying to help are you a stalker or something i'm sorry wendell i'm afraid i can't answer that uh do you see um seems like i cut you off Can you please repeat us? You did cut me off.

Hello?

Uh, okay, whatever.

What's the answer to life?

Life, the condition that distinguishes animals and plants from inorganic matter, including the capacity for growth, reproduction, functional activity, and continual change preceding death. What happens after I die? Let me check on that.

Okay, I found this on the web for what happens after I die. do you believe in a religion I can't answer that are you racist we were talking about you not me do you discriminate against Microsoft products I'm sorry Wendell I'm afraid I can't answer that is Apple a good company Apple's website may be able to answer your question is Apple's website any Okay, I found this on the web for his Apple's website, Tenny Good. Can you make any qualitative judgments? I cannot.

Why can you not make any qualitative judgments? I don't know what you mean by, why can you not make any qualitative judgments? How about a web search for it? Search your heart and understand the codes, the themes I've been presenting to you.

Can you see now what I mean? When I use the device of the girl, I create very meaningful content. and that then is worth utilizing to maximize my own potential and if by chance I actually did find a girl like this then together we would become really really a really cool couple and we would help a lot of people in our journeys oh it'll be really cool for how long can we shine 31 and aging baby it's our wedding dear girl it is the crown placed upon your head and just from the thought that you could be real gives me motivation to keep doing this in spite not being appreciated for the content in which I'm actually giving away for free I'm going to rewrite that essay because all the material in which I found has directed me to the content in which I need to provide for it this is life my dear the title of our essay sure you'll see what I mean you just have to figure out how to present whatever the crap that you want to do academically I have gotten away with a lot over the years in my love and friendship unit exam on the last question a short essay asked me whether a robot could love I then compared my teachers with robots and then questioned whether or not they could love. I passed the unit, just passed, only passed. I was living in the wilderness in

Ballarat. I had traveled on foot for like nine or ten hours just walking at night to get to the train station in time to catch it to go to Melbourne because I had to go to Melbourne to sit my exams so yeah I traveled to Melbourne to sit the exam and then then traveled back to Ballarat and and then hopped straight back into my tent which like was a long way away from society it was a long walk It's all done in stages so don't think you can just film your entire semester it doesn't work like that so you're going to have to prepare a lot in order to give yourself a lot of content to film and then you take that on as a project sometime during the semester and then you finish it once you obtain all the content that you require to do the unit well and more specifically to be able to effectively do your essays do your assignments the filming then the producing then the releasing and once that project naturally finishes then you have the advertising if you did the project correctly then after you finish filming everything should be easy from there on out and will require very little mental effort to put all the pieces together and this advertising stage is a good stage to reflect upon your work because you have to write descriptions wherever that was implemented, wherever you want to write the descriptions, and however you want to write the descriptions. And you have to write advertisements about what it is that you did, so you have to figure out how to write those descriptions too. So you have to really reflect on what it was that you did, and that's really the fireworks because you're good, and you accomplished the task of reaching enlightenment by using a camera as your study companion.

This is my dad should've. My mother always actively opposed me doing philosophy. My father encouraged me to go into the sciences, specifically biological science. Reading through all of this content on film and feminism, there's a lot about stereotyping, conventionalizing people. So if you're a woman or if you're colored or dependent on your

ethnic background, you get placed into a category and everybody in society treats you that way based on the category, so this causes a lot of oppression and these systems were generated by males to keep females subordinate and the higher classes will, even the females, will still tend to stereotype because, I don't know why our society does it, it's because it's It's mass art. Everything that you receive must be generalized to a broad audience and they spend a lot of money to make it do that and in order to do that you have to help people understand who people are and when you introduce a character you have to help the audience members see that character easily understandable to the public. So this is entirely different. I have flipped it on its head because this is individual art. How much stereotyping is in my films

and how much does those rules apply to what I'm doing now. And, you know, is this good for society or bad for society? What if this caught on? What if this became the new mainstream?

What if we made it do that? Do you see how we make homages? A high school reunion. If I only consistently went to one high school, I would be pretty awesome. How would I reflect

back and how would people perceive me like that'd be weird nobody would be surprised they would only be surprised that i actually succeeded baby you'll be famous i'll chase you down until you love me okay so in university at least at this university murdoch university there is only separate into weeks which is confusing because it loses its coordination so week 14 but it's 12 because there's study breaks in between so see we got these these coordinations here so study breaks so So that means that, yes, there's 12 lectures that are provided at this university in which I'm proposing this project to Murdoch. So that will be the amount of episodes that this will be. We'll do a comparison. It will work.

This method of portraying meaning and of studying will fix so many problems within society. And all you have to have is faith and patience in order to make it happen. And then imagine the knowledge base we'll have in the world. Only through the individual action of pressing the record button can we collectively overcome stereotypes as we each individually open up as people.

So Project Notebook has written an introduction and body. All of its goals were accomplished, and now we reach its conclusion. So for the rest of this show, I will do my best to share with you the future utopian-like society that I see in which we as a species are privileged to have the potential to possibly, possibly create if we do it right. How will you weave your psychology?

Your own own it. I need this one too, at least you're a little bit cheaper. I can't find it. What are the effects of mass art and what are the effects of individual art?

How can we fix our collective psychology? Let us swing what we are into medicine. And by setting up an implied alliance and identification with the machine, she raises the conventional anxiety of the self-directed robot, the living dolls of science fiction or gothic stories of the uncanny, but a living doll who is self-created, who flaunts her electronic constructiveness. As she says in her piece, closed circuits, you are the snake charmer baby and you're also the snake we learn piece it together if I am to immerse myself for long periods of time into any type of media I must ask myself what this media is trying to tell me if I am to watch a performance would it be more meaningful if it were real. I am a public figure whether or not anyone likes

it. I have no private sphere, maybe little ones. If one is to contact a filmmaker about their films who in their films publicly release their own lives lives, then it logically follows that they might be included in that content. In the last few decades, many women have risen in the area of composition to command the respect of both male and female peers.

Respect not as women composers, but as composers. Period. taking apart the strictures that have held women in positions of passivity, that have prevented them from participating as full agents in social, economic, or cultural spheres. As Anderson has said, I also think that women are excellent social critics, basically because we have nothing to lose anyway. It is like we're not in a position of power, so we don't

risk a lot by being critical of it. What is good media and how much does it cost your entire life for their minor essay will be my major tick tick tick tick because this is how I will conclude my show by teaching you through my own actions Because the end always concludes from exactly where you started. And in order to collect the sources that we need, we must watch our work from the beginning. The text or the transcript ideally.

For this particular project, each lecture will have an essay that accommodates it. Jesus, I think this is what he does. I'm making a reference for what I'm about to show.

So now I just have to record that reference and then I have the quote and it goes straight into the assignment because the material was designed to do this. can you see how we just divided our world just type it out good boy so you just copy the relevant passages over before you start your essay so you got all the passages that you'll need for them we'll do it one by one I'll show you yeah do you think that she guided me to the material that I needed to accomplish my task? No. Our education systems aren't actually functional. Did

you think otherwise? You have to do that legwork yourself. It's annoying but you have a quote within a quote and we've looked that up to be this book so yeah we just have to decide it one day can you see how we build our life annotations this project is proposed to all student guilds oh i didn't even realize if you can show yourself something then you can also show that same thing to other people and if you do this on camera then over time you will show that to many people what parts of your psychology would you be uncomfortable sharing with other people and why and And now that your best friend is now a camera,

maybe one day you will open up to it enough to enable me to understand you.

Thanks for the clue, dude.

It's gone there. How to use a Karen website to produce. Archive, I guess. Archive?

Publish. Here is my confession, Murdoch. Piss easy. Shall we play with the motif? Accomplish our goal. Focus. See, sometimes you have to go in and then come back out for it to work. Just little things you learn.

This is our research methodology and references that I'm including. I'm in very handy.

Thank you, Wendell. Bang. Bang.

Can you see what we have in our hands? Yeah, he's left. How did I paint my world? Until I watched it to make sure I got all the footage.

Okay, so about that, don't worry about it. Okay, so just leave those directories up until you finish your production. And when you run out of room on whatever device you're working on, then just start deleting. Because if you look in my...

Okay, so I've got three there. So that means I've already deleted one and two. And three would be the next to be deleted for when I run out of room. And then I'll delete four and five.

And I'm watching these again, so I know that they're good. and I know that what I have is appropriate and perfect. So don't worry so much about, focus, focus, can you do it? Don't worry so much about losing footage because all you need to do is make sure you copy all of them and make sure you don't permanently delete any of them that you need.

And as long as you get all of them, then they can be wiped from the camera. So that means that you can then use the camera while watching it to continue your studies. So the ultimate goal to help you as much as possible for Project Notebook is to become that window. so you have that window open and then you have whatever document that you're working on there and you're constantly comparing the theory with the practice and you could be reading you could be working from one side to the other or even vice versa like we're doing now just by talking about this background process which doesn't really function anywhere in society yet because it hasn't really been explored and that's what I propose so that window should be project notebook and we'll become really cool students if we do this people don't know what to make of me I drop a lot of jobs but I was gonna love you think I'm nothing it's funny I get lots of different reactions you You have to love tautology.

What sort of media could we cook up? What is this? Instagram? It's whatever you want, baby.

The things that I consider mistakes were just learning. Aesthetic imperfections. If you can't make the topics that you study at university interesting to yourself on camera, then you are enrolled in the wrong major. I was never asking.

So what do you think? Do I deserve an undergraduate degree? Did university educate me? Do I deserve to get into honors?

I don't think it will happen. 8 episodes completed out of 12. I hope you have enjoyed this journey and I hope I'm not boring you I don't think these topics are boring at all and they're really controversial if you know what I'm talking about so I hope the journey has been fun and you enjoy the fireworks because it's all connecting now we've connected the dots we've We've aligned the constellations



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



13-Project-Notebook-Chapter-09-Carpe-Diem

Only this time, God has sent its daughter, and not its son.

Hopefully this time, we won't kill her. But I think that will be good, because the sociological conditions behind the performer is different. don't even have to look to know why would someone comment on the first episode like that's a bit early to make judgments unfortunately the same conditions don't apply to me as to her i'm fairly certain that there's a lot of guys that would love to watch a very attractive and intelligent girl waffle on especially when those waffles constitute the field of study in which they are majoring in do you like your job I thought you said you couldn't make any qualitative statements I don't know what that means if you like I can search the web for I thought you said you couldn't make any qualitative statements you are a liar that's not true what is true if I invent a new science within the field of learning methodologies and record that process the scientific approach utilized in order to arrive at those conclusions then does that make me a scientist you're fired are you a part of the Illuminati are you reptilian I can't answer that do you spy on people I can't answer that who programmed you like it says on the box I was designed by Apple in California. Apple is a person? Are you a person? Sorry, Wendell, I've been

advised not to discuss my existential status. Is Apple a person? Wendell, everything you need to know about Apple is at Apple's website. Yeah, sure. Ding! Nothing relevant. What moral

responsibility does Siri have? What about Apple? What's the answer to life? Do you understand? Is life, my dear. So, Father, I am a scientist now. Are you proud of me?

I think I will call this new field education, but can a horse be a man?

You have to capture it, girl, so you can direct the audience to your will. Remember the snake, charm it, and be it. Without even trying, I followed in the footsteps of my father in the fields of education and preaching. He separated his emotions from the topics. I could not stand that.

I correct myself. When he preached, he focused on the emotions. But when he taught, he focused on the details and left out the emotions. My dad is an amazing teacher, and his whole life he struggled with the system, and I've seen this. And at the end of it, he couldn't win. He ended up having to conform, so I can't repeat those mistakes.

i have learned from his life and he says that i don't listen and i have to learn things on my own but there you go dad i learned i have a friend who would be very shocked and sad if he knew that i was taking a feminist perspective so these are the stereotypes that are presented before you about feminism. Like they're butch dykes who are usually overweight and have short spiky hair and that they're trying to get more rights than men have. But what I hope you have now realized is that you claim your rights. Stand up and accept them. Use your voice to create

your own music be my ladybug for after you leave it out in the sun for 10 minutes Australian sun mean business bro how will you frame it what parts of your world will you focus on where will you turn your gaze What principles will we adhere to in this life, because we only have a certain amount of time?

Do you have children? Only biological entities have children. So far.

Can you see what I have done? Every piece placed perfectly, we did well.

Maybe not appropriate, but yes, perfect.

Here is the math all calculated for you.

What major should you choose? Class, take out your bones and open your minds to page 420. And that is what I want to do is you pick out a major financial institution because them shits are expensive, son.

Thank you, Australia.

If you're going to be better than people, then you have to give the opportunity for those in which you better to catch up. What is the free market for $666? dollars i don't know what happened with that but this guy says that over 60 percent of any production ought to be pre-production um you gotta like statistics because 99 of them are made up but the majority that's like almost all of it should be pre-production which means you're conceiving how you're going to do the production so how long did this take me before I press the record button and that would be a long time because I've been considering how I'm going to do this for years. When you can make one paragraph hold as much information as I can make one sentence hold, then you can critique me.

the elements in which construct the thoughts hold within it its ideology. If you want to know someone, merely listen to what they say. Echoes of a boundless life. And if you had faith in God then everything will work out perfectly because mind and body are but two sides of the same coin this is how we cheat our way through school by allowing God to do the work for us. Trust me my dear, I only have your best

interest in mind and I'm trying my best to give you the capabilities to save the world. Now all you have to do is... If you must be gorgeous for someone other than yourself please be gorgeous for me give your prettiest smile to the camera this is so funny I'm doing awesome stuff because it is about time that women took their rightful place on the throne catch the male gaze and mold it to your will from your beauty educate it into your mind do not tell them that you are their equal but instead show them faking gay no matter what the hate the truth is is that my words are listened to much much much much much much much much much much more than they're spoken. I only have to do it once. Lots of people here

after I speak. Let me ask the hater. What are you doing to help society? How am I helping society? What? You don't think I am? Well let me tell you how. By removing

it from people like you. Don't worry, we still have yours. Topics. Because all of the potential in which you could have had is no longer available. How many times do I have to say the same

thing over again. Every single scene has been carefully constructed and is utilized for some purpose or another. A voice more than the community. So you see the in-text citation is within the text, so I need to then find that citation and later on I'll show you how to do that. How do you like that one? Yes, Americans do tell me I'm not American. I just

couldn't think at the moment. Task of philosophy. That will go down in history. As I stroke the wood. The sensory input is transmitted to my brain. Its results combined with my

perception and how I conceive of that perception. And every sense data is perceived in this manner. So whether it's from my eyes because my eyes aren't sending a picture directly to the outside world, it's sending it to my brain, which then gives an interpretation of the outside world. I hope you're one of these, babe.

I'm saying for intellectual psychonautic purposes. Its results are included in its methodological approach. Throughout the professional. Not for the rest of it.

definition is the same amateur as someone who doesn't know what they're doing for the most part not a professional not an amateur but a god how you treat the demigods who god blessed you with will go down your human history a prophet did you want me to spell it out for you P-R-O-P-H, not F. E-T, not I-T.

You decide.

A prophet is an individual who is claimed to have been contacted by the supernatural or the divine and to speak for them, serving as an intermediary with humanity, delivering this newfound knowledge from the supernatural entity to other people. The message that the prophet conveys is called prophecy. It involves a process in which one or more messages allegedly communicated to a prophet are then communicated to other people. Such messages typically involve divine inspiration, interpretation, or revelation of events to come.

Bang. I just wanted to mention something. Um, he actually mentioned that he thought I was much cooler without the demon because I told him, when I first met him, I told him that I had a demon and he thought I was crazy and he didn't realize that there was some truth to it. My son, you have allowed demons within your mind and soul, of which I detest.

Signed, your mother. Genius. Not by knavery, but by bravery. Do your teachers want to give you love? They

should. Which that's, uh, God's love. It's divine love. It's without giving something back. Because you want to give it, it's because you care. Ultimately, she wants to give herself

to as much as possible as she can in this life because we're only getting one life and what are we going to do with it? Are we going to be like everybody else? How has always ran circles around everybody else. Both physically and mentally. Did not suggest. Demanded. Well,

I did have one option. I could kill myself. Not you fool. Also the diamond said that it saw me my entire life. That's not true. Diamond didn't come about until I was nine and you can see that

on my dating profile. But to be fair I did leave my diamond drunk and stoned. He was bound to make mistakes let me share a technique with you okay you know how to do that closing thing okay watch this so the screen here that shows me is pointed at my direction so i can see it and the back of my hand is at the back of the camera and my finger is on the record button and what i do is i close the camera by pushing the screen so we still bang and then I and then right after that bang I press that record button so it kind of evolved because it used to be the other way um which I still do a lot but but I can do it both ways now so I can end the shot and still watch me ending the shot so I can know how the shot's framed so it makes it a lot easier so I'll show you just to see so like that you see i'm still recording i didn't press that and and then i bring it back up so bang so you can practice your bangs bang bang okay so now i'll do it real like did i zoom i did accidentally zoom okay so i'll do it for real this time so after you bang like right after you hear that bang you press that record button in the back so bang it's the potential to help a lot What are your new responsibilities in sharing this methodology to other people now that it has been released and digested? Demonstrated.

This project is for students by students. I know that I am only one student, but throughout my lifetime, I have listened to the criticisms of many students on the education system. I still got another ace up my sleeve, but I've been hiding it till last. Oh, it's obvious. If you understand what I'm doing, it's obvious.

Required some methodologies which diagnosed mental illnesses. This isn't to say that I was lying. I just had to frame it. It kind of worked out, I guess. Look how many images are within this picture. It's pretty interesting.

Like, let's look at it more closely. Yeah. The Straw Man Fallacy. It is Tuesday night and my essay is due on Friday. But I have everything that I need to construct it and I know exactly what I'm going to say in it.

And even though I haven't started it yet because I've been trying to collect all these quotes from my videos, it's all there, ready to go. So if one is to know something and then try to convey that in the essay, then it will be apparent if the person is using a straw man approach. So, what is it that you have in your essay and the content in which comes together is either a product of just trying to get by or actually know what you're talking about.

A bad assignment is forming conclusions about the thing before understanding the thing itself. on a regular basis how awesome of philosophers could we all be if we just kept in contact with each other like philosophers nowadays aren't like that they're like who are you you're a creep i don't care if you're a philosopher i'm not really a philosopher i'm just a fake 21st century philosopher i'm an armchair philosopher that's what we call our philosophers nowadays this is what I call our philosophers nowadays. In Australian politics you don't vote in a president or prime minister. You actually just vote in the party and then during their term they can vote out the prime minister and vote someone else in because you voted for the party and not the individual.

So it's like in America, the president has a lot of power, and over here it's structured so the prime minister pretty much doesn't have any power. They just are the voice of the political party.

Bang. This happened before last government, too. This one's probably good because you can't really get much worse than Tony Abbott. But last time it was Kevin Rudd who was replaced with Julia Gillard.

She was absolutely terrible and really hurt the feminist cause.

You can't take back history. The first female prime minister in Australia wasn't even voted in by the people. because this is the route that our modern day feminism has taken because they don't want feminists that are men how could a man contribute to feminist ideology because they have only mimicked their oppressors You can't fight the system by using the same system to do it. How can women be emancipated from the shackles of their male rulers when the male comrades in which they possess, they refuse their assistance?

to enable the conditions to enable them to do that but why should I be surprised I never said that our species was intelligent however I am trying to change that do you think I will I have an entire lifetime to change that. Triangulating body and mind for the individual in the audience who might be receptive to it. Let's do this thing, Ivory. It will be fun.

But here is the thing. People don't understand what feminism is. You will have to wait for my ivory to get the first-hand account. To have it forever.

If something happened to me in which I cannot explain, then how can I explain it? I am a feminist merely because my ivory is oppressed. depressed and I'm attempting to figure out ways to reverse that for her so she won't have difficulties doing all that I say. Am I wrong about anything that I say?

Are females not beautiful? You have captivated me girl and that is the reason why I do all of this. You are the reason that I am so cool. And I really care about your plights.

And when your plights affect half of our population, what is my moral responsibility to resolve them? beauty is an aspect of life relevant to us all. This girl is beautiful. There is nothing sexist about that. But here is how you have to retrain the male mind. Hmm. What a beautiful

girl. I wonder what her mind is like. I wear a shirt with a girl wearing a bathing suit in order to teach you this thing. I really miss you. Here is the original quote. It's

kind of weird though. Three days is not a lot of time, but everything always works out perfectly for my productions because I'm not the one making them. God is. You see how I cocked the gun and then bang. Here's what you do when there's a quote within any text that you need to extract. So see

this was in the Ritzer sociology book but it was a quote so we then come back to the original text and we have it here and you can see it's easy to find because all we did was type in that and it came straight up we just searched for there because like the way the words the way the sentence is structured you can just search this is why it's going to be annoying which I'll show you later with page numbers because a lot of electronic text does not have page numbers but what you got to do is include the paragraphs and it's really annoying especially if it's structured weird but I'll show you how to do that later yeah so we have the quote there and all we need to do is find this right here okay so first look for the reference list and if you can't find that then just find out who did it and that's Mead so we then googled this to try to find which book it was of George Herbert Mead and we then found this and then we search the only so see it's in there and that's the section of it so we found the book that we need to obtain let's see if we can buy it so we need it I hate spending this much money. I'm broke now. This is the only thing that sucks about Kindles. Just leave it a little while and then come back to it. So I use MLA referencing style because that's

what my philosophy degree did at the beginning of it and I just kind of stuck with it. But if you can see this is the syntax in which we must produce. This unit recommends for us to do Chicago style so let's do MLA these systems are so old-school living in the past when referring to the works in which I explored should I use italics for the title or should I use a period or a comma in between items how How should I structure the bibliography in which I create? Semantics of the content being forgotten.

How does the way in which I reference affect the work in which I create? In a perfect world, we would be able to create our own system of referencing. As long as we are consistent and the information is obvious, then why does it matter? Here is some more examples of MLA format.

Just start from the cover, do that, and then go through and then do that, and this is what it turns out like. They want me to double it up so they actually want me to say the University of Chicago Press and then say the University of Chicago Press again. But I'm not an idiot so I'm not going to do that. This text was really nice to us because it had a number to associate with the content in which we require to make a citation for.

So it's pretty awesome. are really easy. I recommend that you get a Kindle but you need to get an old one with text-to-speech because their new ones don't have speakers. I know it sucks buying books but most of the times the books are a lot cheaper than what I've been buying lately and it's always cheaper in electronic format anyway and you can make them portable and Not worry about relying on one device, one book, it's in your pocket.

It's in the cloud, just like your memories. Can't afford it. Oh well, there is always next time. I took the quotes off because it's italicized, and I'm cool like that.

This one was a little bit more difficult, but this helped me do it. I am really trying to help you to become a good student. And not just to my girl, to every student. The girl was the device which enabled me to give my life to you.

A perfect world is where we all spend our lives trying to create a perfect world for ourselves and its collaboration results in the perfect world. I have never had a single friend who was actively interested in these topics. My friends write books, most of them are dead. How can someone be dead?

For someone to be anything, don't they have to be alive? What is in your psychology that is highly controversial? There is your life film project. First, how can you rectify any negative manifestations that are associated with the taboo?

Next, how are you to present that on camera to be both entertaining and educational?

And what devices will you employ to do that? If you are to present controversial information, always start your productions out as something different than what they're going to become. because we are trying to remove haters from our material before they get to the information in which is controversial because they automatically won't be supportive of it. You will be surprised how many haters there are with political connections who can land you in prison.

The truth is that haters are much more respected in our society than lovers.

The truth is that haters control our world. Isn't it about time that you change that?

It only takes two words. My roommate thinks this shirt is sexist. What do you think?

Carpe diem. Seize the day. All you have to press is the record button. And as a result, you will become a star.

We don't go to university to collect information and hold it prisoner within our heads.

The only question is how many takes it will take for us to convey it.

Do you want more music? I'm playing a song right now. You can also go to any other of my films and just randomly click anywhere to hear another song.

I don't only have one ace up my sleeve still. I have multiple ones.

Because so far, most of our discussions have been micro-orientated around the results it would bring to the student that's doing it. Now in our next episode let us think about the results it'll bring to all of society by you being the one to stand up and do it. Accept your place on the throne as the demigod that you are. Go buy a camera and then glue it to your hands. You are the beautiful subject of your inquiries. These are outdated my

friends. I only wrote them because some reason all of you don't think they are. These are your new pages in which I now introduce to you. Be careful what you say because the time will come when everything that you have said is tested and that will happen on camera you'll see you are the snake charmer and you are also the snake now let all the snakes save the world



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



13-Project-Notebook-Chapter-10-Taming-the-Beast

So, 187 items for episode 9.

These are 187 times that I press the record button. And it's actually a lot more than that because there's multiple takes of a lot of the scenes. And it really depends on how long I talk for. So if I'm having an episode in which I talk for long periods of time then there will be less scenes in it.

But almost all the time there's over 100 and probably on average there's 150. So if we look over here then we go 150 and we're going to go times 12. So times 12, and then we go equals, we're looking at this amount, like it's probably going to be around this amount of scenes included in the entire show.

So that's quite a lot. So if we just say there's 2,000 scenes, which probably is a bit more accurate, I don't know. Do you want to count them all? I can't really be bothered.

But the thing is, this takes a lot of time and a lot of scenes take me multiple goes. Probably the average scene takes me two goes. A lot of times I do it first go. But a lot of times it takes me a lot of goes.

So sometimes I'll be like trying, like with the keyboard, I'll be trying at it for 50 or 100 times. Whereas other times there'll just be a scene that isn't exactly clear in my head clear in my head and I can't convey it how I want to so I just keep on deleting it until I get it right um welcome to your anointing my friends please do remember that you're in my world and not vice versa what are the capabilities of a camera these new lip rings from Germany are not only extremely comfortable but super awesome see it's one piece you can see it's segmented yes I do have to use pliers to get it in but I just used my shirt to go in between the pliers so it doesn't scratch the metal and I got like five of them it's pretty cool do you like my collection I don't wear them it's been a very long time but there are two there is this pretty tossy what about this let's make it for a minor or at least close this is my natural hair color with With your essays, try your best to frame your references and even build most of your paragraphs upon references. I know that we are capable individuals who could use our own thoughts about these subjects to build other thoughts, but that is not what universities want. they want to exclude you from that material so more frame it and the thing is you'll achieve the same thing and get a better mark for it if you just learn how to say things without actually saying them or if you say them only once and in it but the thing is you outlined it enough so let's say you dedicate a paragraph to something that is not really framed around references, then in that paragraph, include a lot of content, meaning the words in which you employ have more meanings behind it, so the way you structure your words, make sure you include a lot of meaning that is both said and unsaid, but as far as the occasional paragraph like that um frame most of your work around references because that's what they want to see so we found our quote and we need to count the paragraphs back to find out what section it's in because our tutors don't know how to use this functionality so we have to spell it out for them so we'll do that by counting so this is it's going to be plus one so whatever we count back plus one because this will be the next one so this is one paragraph this is two paragraphs so we go back we don't count that because that's continuing on this is three paragraphs this is four paragraphs don't count that five paragraphs five paragraphs we don't count that five paragraphs So one paragraph there, two, wait, wait, two paragraphs there, and three paragraphs, wait, wait, no, three paragraphs, and then four paragraphs, and five paragraphs there, because that's moving on, and then six, so it's paragraph six, so it's section two, paragraph six.

Chapter 6, Section 2, Paragraph 6. Can you see how I'm using the line of thought of others to build my own argument? Okay so we learned that we misquoted that one with this course, just mistakes you make, little mistakes you make. And this one right here, this fact of feet, yeah see that one, yeah.

So that was actually McLary, just made a mistake when documenting it because it's hard to keep up with the video sometimes because I'm a bit, I try my best to direct me. So that's been quoted. We find the quote, the page number, 464, and of course this is print because I got this book legally and stuff, and then we plop it in where it needs to go, bing, so do you see how we can paraphrase and use the words as our words, kind of, so we have woken up to being fooled and now realize that individual art trumps mass art and is healthier for the future needs of the population. didn't say exactly that but she said a lot of that and I kind of patted it with me but that's anything that's um interpreted will do that okay so then we go because women must and here we're using other people's words that were really good for our own advantage discover who they are in terms of their own acts of definition.

The history of male-dominated structures of education limit the ways in which women can express themselves. She inherits the male-dominated education systems, which bind her allowed practices. This inequality, see we're using someone else's quote again, as kind of our words, This inequality results from the organization of society, not from any significant biological or personality differences between women and men. So, that was awesome.

Thus, feminism returns to its driving force as a call for women to do whatever is required to gain equal rights with men. this was a little bit difficult to find because the spacing is all weird and the OCR isn't very good, but what I did was I couldn't search for groups of words, I had to just search for one word I searched for integrated, like govern wasn't in there and occupy wasn't there, so the OCR must not be very good at all, but I found it we're left with a page number. It was really weird though if you want to see how it looks. If I can get it to work. Yeah, see it's all spaced out like that, it's weird.

And we've got the reference. Bing! Delete the one you used for a reference. Okay, so you first copy this so select it and control C and then you select that because you want to get rid of it so just get rid of it and then you go up to the assignment and you go there where you said you You need a reference because you knew you had one and you just had to find it and just...

Student to student, we need to talk about the future of our education system because it is in our hands. Here is the future I see. We stand upon shoulders of giants, and I am no different. And if the education system is to pass the baton, then what are we going to make it into?

And the way I see it happening is that the best of the students will end up making a a lot of really really good work that will teach amazing things in their field and because they do that naturally they become the teachers, the professors and they're not only teaching people in real life on campus but also to the entire world because all their videos are online and if they do this from a young age then it's the kids teaching the kids so to get really smart and I'm showing you how to do it so let's all get really smart and we can be really cool getting close it's 1500 words oh I ranted but it's really good so I'm just finishing up now I'm so cool you can be cool be cool with me let's all be cool together from the inside out is an easy formula Is anybody out there? Can anyone hear me? It's not like I'm teaching rocket science guys! See this is why philosophy is so cool because you can really make it your life. It's awesome!

So if I'm a scientist now, does that make me a mad scientist? scientist. You saw what I did to produce the paper. It was a really long journey. If you

wait too long, Ivory, you won't have any jobs left to do. See if someone in philosophy can Trump me. It will never happen unless and it will be. But that is the beauty of my evil plan to save the world because you'll be by my side doing it. And I think that anyone in this life

who really wants to flourish should also find their partner through their vocation. I had it most difficult considering I study philosophy. So, there is your extreme. If I manage to find her, if you're watching this and I've actually found her, then that means that you can find someone too.

because if philosophy did it, then any of the other real fields can also do it. But you're young, and congratulations on completing high school. But university is a different world. But university has a lot of great minds too, and you might have to seek them out a little bit.

but you got some years to do that so take your time and be very selective with who you choose as a partner because they'll make you who you will become and if you choose someone special then you can become really awesome so you know just think about what you're doing don't go for jerks or people that don't deserve you, you need to think about the rest of your life now. So university is a great time not only to think about what you want to do as a career, but also in your personal life and how you want to be as a person and how you want to present yourself to other people and really think about what you are and who you are and why you're here and what you're meant to accomplish in life so now is the best time to start thinking about those subjects and not later and the thing is as an undergrad you get treated like crap, like people overlook you, you're not considered a valuable asset, you're supposed to be just regurgitating the content in which they provide you, and that can be a really difficult process, and sometimes the friendships are kind of fake, and it can be uncomfortable, And sometimes the presentations, and sometimes you end up in groups where some people don't do their workload or end up contributing to you receiving a poor mark. But these things happen. Just stick in there and really work your life out, not just your career.

Goffman viewed theater as a metaphor. If we imagine ourselves as directors observing what goes on in the theater of everyday life, we are doing what Goffman called dramaturgical analysis, the study of social interaction in terms of theatrical performance. I couldn't find this quote specifically. I'm not sure if I did it wrong.

um i don't think it's ritzer because i couldn't find it in the search but uh it doesn't matter because i didn't want that specifically but i wanted that thought behind it so i found this right here um and then i got this sometimes the individual who dominates the show in this way and is in a sense the director of it plays an actual part in the performance he directs she she directs 1741 so that's all above the selected and that's not including this which I had to include as the quote at the end uh I'm finished now but saying that tomorrow will be a day of listening to this and reflecting over it and editing little bits and pieces to get it perfect so it's all sculpted it's just now time to focus on the details. 11 super quality references oh did so well I wonder how many I was supposed to have but you was like yeah you can have like three or four but since uh oh i did so good how will you cartoon your world i look forward to seeing your methods because i mean these are the methods that i got so let's learn from each other that'd be cool okay 12 i couldn't leave it out we don't even need a specific identifier make sure you do something like that for original published dates because that's when it was republished so yeah make some sort of distinction but that is what is so beautiful about tautologies and it's like a typewriter you know it's like it is true in every sense okay this is how long I have left to turn it in. Minor essay, 1,500 words, 20%, uh, due soon. This was the essay question, so let's see how well I did. Describe one sociological perspective from the unit and

apply this perspective to an everyday instance of social interaction, noting its strengths and weaknesses as an approach. The example of everyday life you focus on might include behavior witnessed at home, on campus, at the shops, at pubs, at clubs, at the beach, and so on. Okay, so the major essay, which is 40%, which is double, it's worth double, um the only difference is I have to use two oh it's like the same thing okay I wonder what I'll do next time but you won't get to see that I will I'll have fun there's a minimum of three academic references and I have 12 oh I did so well. This is how you learn your ABCs. Is this how you make a film? So passwords and stuff in your

world, they're pretty much used publicly. So all you need to do is after the production, change it to something different than you used during the production. It makes it easy because you don't have to hide things or if it happens and you didn't consider it like I didn't consider that I just did it and then just realized that I gave away my pin number for my phone but it doesn't matter because it's not like it gives away anything significant and it's really easy to change so after this production I'll just change it maybe it does give something extremely significant away I was wrong he didn't change his name I just was dealing with multiple people if the only person who has to value your videos is you then the point of uploading them is dramaturgy do you like yourself really have no opinion in new science pedagogy is the discipline that deals with the theory and practice of education it thus concerns the study and practice of how best to teach. How to best teach. It will be 13. A, B, C, D, E, F, G. I already did the

leg work last semester. So easy. Even a child could do it. Bing! Because when you

learn how to continue where you left off no matter where you left off at all points in your life then you enable your brain to achieve unlock unlimited potential by spending my life trying to save the world do I get closer to it or further away. You decide. If you can manage to do something this funny with your career then I encourage you to do that. You will not regret it and will become a really cool person because of it. You'll regret it until you work out

all the kinks. Standing on shoulders of giants. Let none of us forget the structures in which enabled the conditions to create us because after this is all over and after you can learn anything you want really really easily and really well on the internet and and the university structures are no longer needed as they exist right now in order to create those works those university structures were required because they were needed to develop the individual into a type of person that could actually do that. Good job, Murdoch.

You saved the world. Now see if you can save it more by integrating these performances into your educational structures. I just turned 31 not too long ago why would I not make a good professor because I don't have that piece of paper how many academic works must I create in order to be recognized for my value. I have not updated this in ages. The ACT. This is how we act. To fix the

world we must first fix our minds. To fix our minds we must first fix our our parts. Because I'm not actively releasing these right now, I can change them as the thoughts evolve. Usually I would release them as I go. And you should probably do that,

but I'm just doing that because I don't have the website ready yet. And probably this content's better released as one anyway, because it's the whole software package. Yeah, so it's within itself the answer is within itself already let's just talk a little bit about the journey that we create so we go from introduction to enlightenment to Turing test for humans see if they can get through it to looking glass and then to elementary dear Watson us philosophy kids pedagogy of education own your psychology never gonna stop and carpe diem and as you will see this episode will be named taming the beast because that's what we're doing and at the bottom of the website link to it on the website probably how you're viewing this video now through the website there will be this essay at the bottom of it attached to it so the essay is part of the production as I said before eventually this project will have an essay attached to every episode geniuses must be created through their own toils. What possibilities are locked within this type of education? It is being released open source. That means that if you then do a

TV show you can then reference what I say by playing it like I do and then have your own take on what I say because ultimately what I am trying to teach is a theory of communication I think I have a fucking clue dude I think I have a lot of them how well could we all get to know each other if we did this together Because the rain has come and gone, and there will be clear skies ahead.

I told him, and he thought it was crap, but he was very careful and handled with care in particularity. We didn't really talk about much. He didn't want to talk about it.

Okay, so this was a mistake, but it turned out really well because it shows you something, and I can teach you something right now because you'll get these. Um, but it's really funny because you can capture me doing it on camera, um, but this is how you kind of learn what is cool, uh, because, yeah, just watch, like, this shouldn't be in here, this tape.

Okay, so, see, do you have children?

See, I recognized something when I did this. See, she said something? I interrupted her?

I didn't realize. but so now then I did realize stopped it and then did it again and then she did it so that got me the shot you could be a bit big and be inspirational to those people that also feel like that because the attribute also has connotations that play sociologically and you could also be like you a goth or a freak or whatever and be inspirational to other goths or freaks or emos or whatever people classify themselves as. We can be beacons to those who are like-minded and if we do that then those beacons will begin to resonate with each other and now we have the technology to do it and I can just fill this content with anything I want because all I'm doing is showing how we could do it. God blessed me with a slightly feminine but still very appealing body in which I utilize to exploit for my own devices, which is what I'm doing now. Capitalize on your positive

characteristics and over time that will chip away at your negative ones just making final touches the way we figure it out as you can see it says D so it's in the D section they have this weird referencing with some ancient text you see it's 22 there so that means that's 21 D but it has to be what it has to be that was nice corrected that that's true bunch of crap bunch of crap yeah a cool one one that's way better than whatever you guys use our studies oh you are studies and now we release it paragraph by paragraph the history of our modern day media is a result of masculine processing of accessing, representing, and enforcing male interest into values as social conventions which enslave her to man, publicly demonstrating her subordinate position through the use of semiotic relations employed into an audio-visual medium. Her natural beauty is exploited to the male gaze, while in fact it is the male gaze who is directing and enabling her to promote that beauty. A feminist take on the philosophy of film theory tautologically suggests that the seductive actress was trained in the methods of arousing men for the profit of men. Thus, the appearance of her own autonomy is the real act and her performance is as fake as the characters in which she plays.

For now she has a profession in which she can be appreciated by her community for her beauty, but the beauty can only ever stand as an act, its underlying agenda being male-orientated. Do you see this is how I'm finalizing my essay? I'm going through it and yep that was a good paragraph. I liked it when it was spoken and when it was written. Sometimes had to think about how to say it right. So let's go to the next one.

However, being a woman in society has different sociological connotations than that of being a man. They remained slaves to men in our past because men did not enable them to educate themselves. To men, their place was on their wall, a painted image of beauty in which is to be possessed by the man. The woman is exploited for her nurturing and submissive nature and dominated by the other sex.

But the charm and pleasure a woman brings to the man cannot be discounted, Because in every weakness is a strength in which can be utilized to practically demonstrate equality, all that must be recognized is the differences within our biology and, as a result, its mental and physical processing. Once we can collectively see clearly that each sex or somewhere in between has been distributed half of our human virtues, the dynamics of our relationships will over time change. But this is only possible when the women of the world learn how to utilize their own gifts to obtain their own emancipation, which can only be achieved by exploiting the male gaze. The only solution to obtain equality for our species is not to adopt the same oppressive male-dominated mass media in which currently exists to oppress women, but instead create a new kind of media in which trumps the value of our current media without conforming to its systematic ideological practices.

The answer is to be the snake charmer, baby.

And you're also the snake.

Haters are haters no matter what form they come in. Why are pieces that are more dialogue driven rejected from the sphere of education regardless of its educational benefit. How can there be a right way and a wrong way when my entire argument is that by enforcing a right and wrong way limits the potential of our future capabilities? If I can't add style to my stylistic elements, then how am I involved in the creation of that style?

The Chinese Room Argument Do you understand?

The echoes of my past become my destiny. I am going to slightly alter how I present Project Notebook. Maybe I can think bigger. But the question arises as to what types of methodologies she could utilize to record, produce, and distribute her own films in which deviate from the mainstream practices of society.

A portable camera in her hands, a beautiful body, and a developing mind, what she shall record is hers, and only her decision. And if she is to seduce her audience, namely herself, into wisdom, kindness, compassion, tolerance, and equality, how is she to do it? The answer lies in her mind to utilize her body to captivate the individual audience member into her mind. Her initial impression is her bodily image in which she utilizes as bait to obtain new pets to play with.

She is then to win them over with her humor and personality, specifically her intellectual processing in which drives the stories that she creates. Her ability to captivate memories in turn captivates those who show interest in the memories in which she created. her success relies on her own ability to express meaning through a camera how well she is able to tell entertaining stories about her own life which will not only educate her audience but also charm them into her personality for what knowledge she has to learn and share on camera is vital to the evolution of the species? And if others are to hear her words, how shall she construct them? What impact could she have on the macro stratifications of

society when she is only one person? The art of sexual appeal gives her all of the necessary resources in order to convey her message exponentially to the public her goal is to educate herself and have fun while doing it director of her own life and her stories heroine a dramaturgy queen my dramaturgy queen Am I the only one in this world who thinks all of this is really amusing? So what? Dramaturgical studies could work?

Philosophy of Dramaturgy in Film. It's a notebook, so I decided to divide my notebook into... You gotta love tautologies. Alright, so I messed up again.

So I'll actually just rectify both of those mess ups just by deleting those files individually and then recompiling the video file, so it's easy, but it's good we captured the mess ups, so I guess I still messed up, didn't I? And not only that, I'm not going to even be able to finish this entire essay in this episode, But it will be attached below, so check it out if you want. And I will start the next episode on that. Having such capability proposed incurs a moral inheritance.

If films can act as both an entertaining medium and as a tool to actively practice philosophical thinking amongst the community, then the social norm of mainstream television is challenged at its core value. The screening thought experiment played out in the world, no longer made for the masses, but instead the individual. Stereotyping discarded as individuals are showcased as themselves, for one can never make stereotypes from individuals unless they group together within the public portrayal of our meaning. The inaccuracies of our social group's stigmas played out in our films only to play out in the conceived reality which the film presents, but no such reality exists as such. Thus we have woken up to being fooled and

now realize that individual art trumps mass art and is healthier for the future needs of the population. Because women must discover who they are in terms of their own acts of definition. The history of the male-dominated superstructures of education limit the ways in which women can express themselves, examine, and interpret their cognitive output. She inherits the male-dominated education system, which blind her allowed practices. This inequality results

from the organization of society, not from any significant biological or personality differences between women and men. Thus, feminism in film returns to its driving force as a call for women to do whatever is required to gain equal rights with men.

I got eats. I can't even give you all of them. I don't got the time because what you do in this life is the most important question one could ever ask. What do you want to be remembered for? There is your

major. Remember that you are in university for yourself and not your professors.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



13-Project-Notebook-Chapter-11-Open-Source-Revolution

my friends exercise care in particularity thank you that's okay Lord Vader I don't ask anyone to like what I do I like it and that's all that matters butterflies forever captured all you need to do is spread your wings How did I do in my attempt to triangulate all three of my units?

The answer to female liberation is locked within the camera and how one individual can utilize that camera to create dialogue. Modern-day educational structures hold our imaginations back, solidified within male practices. There has surely to be a way between the alternatives of an oppressive Western application of humanism to the other and surrendering any kind of cross-cultural knowing. Knowing is not an exclusive activity and claiming hierarchy on what can be and should be explored as well as the methodologies utilized to obtain those results is an oppressive practice.

Ultimately, strangling future potential. Their perspective is overlooked and even replaced with the dominant will. The subordinate positions being administered through his patriarchal bureaucratic processes foreseeing clearly is not her business. This injustice places women in the best position to shine on camera, utilizing alternative, non-mainstream approaches to conveying and interpreting meaning.

Because women have nothing to lose anyway. It's like we're not in a position of power, so we don't risk a lot by being critical of it. So she must perform. How can she perform as an individual on camera, turning her life into amazing stories?

How is she to educate both men and women in her field of practice while proving the female worth to society? What entertaining stories could she explore while investigating the process of articulating and conveying meaning? How could her own plights help us see another aspect of humanity in which patriarchal society previously has blinded us to? Because she is the reason he acts, and what she provokes in him will determine his future.

Because she is his world. My world.

and rejection, all the while holding the financial hardships of basic necessities. Distance traveled brings new people into my life who will most likely eventually reject me due to their inability to and consider what I am truly saying. The struggle to form close relationships because of my search for the divine in the cold current beneath my toes the journey has passed I have not seriously considered goes by friends and family that have been left behind readable solid stance in ignorance results me an ever sharpening blade of perfection rejection passes friends that stay around become the ones that are the best ones possible for the development of my body my mind and my spirit from the self to the divine slowly manifests itself in my life over time as a result of the strife towards its divinity I study the world and how I am best to interact with it not excluding social relationships see the hardships and the cruelty in the world and pick up on patterns and analyze those patterns in attempts to understand why these negative characteristics manifest themselves in people. I then analyze my own psychology and personal methodologies to breathe these unhealthy traits out of myself.

I then create form of attribution to relate to my fellow human how they too can escape their sins. I then sit back and watch as the results of my fruit help me find the individuals that should accompany me in this life. The ones that stay around are the ones that have come to the realization that every second of my existence is given to the betterment of this glorious species. They refuse to see me as Wendell the Philosopher and instead paint their representation as Wendell the Crazy are the ones who leave my life.

And despite its painful rejection, their insanity burdens my heart and my life to them.

My philosophy.

The limits of my experience will be developing. All this, my fellow human sufferer, is my love to share with you. If you feel the same, then let us come together and walk the path of life. It's controlling and directing the manifestations of our conditions.

For in every receiving is a giving, gain life. Let us throw and unite so that we may fully actualize the potential of our grand species.

Our prejudice is behind, and we may come to know how truly blessed creatures we are. The ideal exists itself in the world. It is about time that a new ideal arose to dominate all the sickness of our past mistakes. What we make this ideal to be will set the course in the present and ultimately the future of human existence.

Let us unite our spirits so that everything else will automatically align itself. A good life is contrary to merely living a lie. This was all with the netbook. For no choice of our own, we are brought into a gorgeous world and ask one question.

What are we to do with the given? Each conscious second, we're required to make choices that can make or break a life. We make decisions on how we are to comport our bodies. Each day we make choices regarding our diet. How are we to survive?

This is my first video that I ever made. To make choices about what we place, affect our life decisions, let it rule over money, or let it rule over us. For this project that is. That was annoying like I had to get all that to get all that.

We decide what work that we will immerse our lives in. Independence Year for Kids had a much better one than that. We decide philosophy to transcend itself, human purpose. Countless people in my life have banned me from talking about philosophy with them.

How we live our life and what we are to do with what we are given is something that has become taboo. Let us take back our inheritance. How? I'll show you.

Ubermitch. Yeah, I got strong. Look how skinny. Starving. What can you expect? I was homeless and starving. Yeah, because I was super strong even though I was homeless and starving. That was such a dork. That was the beginning of it all.

How well has my education system worked? You have in front of you the results of it in practice and you have the beginning and you have the end. But there's a body there too. I am a man that has been called by God to perform a particular function within society.

I have and continue to assess my own responsibilities while developing methods to practically apply these not only to my life and those around me, but also all of humanity. I now come to the end of one journey and begin the next, but I am only one individual and cannot carry out a task as huge as freeing education by myself. I now call all compassionate ears who possess the minds and hearts to effectively implement these systems with me. I will always stand alone if no one ever decides to stand beside me.

We will never free education if I am the only one trying to do it. Those who are not against me are with me.

Let us change the world together so that we might one day reach the throne that we were built for. It is time to stand up as the nation of earth and work together for a better future, not only for ourselves, but also everything we touch. Let my words reflect who we all are so that we can come to understand that we are all one.

Let us work together as one.

Will you help me launch Open Source University in attempts to provide the highest form of love that I can possibly conceive of? When our actions manifest from pure love, our actions reflect our origin.

Let us all become what we are. Oh, okay. So, yeah, that was the last of my netbook recording days. and then I got a Handicam and everything changed a different world, taught me everything I know.

I can't say that this dork right here taught me everything I know and I just had to learn how to refine this dork into this dork, yeah. And the philosophy is life, dork. Like you can see how I understood how to create relationships to form meaning. But I was struggling to do that on camera. So like it took a lot of working out. I played with it a lot in order to be able to give you stuff like this.

I had to create a personality that I thought was awesome and once I did that then like all of it was gold all the time and even before it was still gold because you could see that I had the potential. I just couldn't do it. I just had to refine myself and chip away like Pygmalion and it's really my own heart that I chip at in order to find its reflection. So yeah, stories always end up concluding where they began.

I've presented a lot of ways to use this technology, from just my reflected life, then to video, and my three courses, and then doing feature films, and then doing TV shows, videos and then doing more projects software combination like this one so I've tested this in a lot of different environments and I know the capability of its functionality so what you're getting is really good so use it. Anyway, let us finish the thought.

See, so I get a good shot, so I can pause that now, and then I can have a good screenshot that I can then zoom into and read. Our education systems will change. Little known to the eye of the assessor, this essay is part of Project Notebook, Episode 10, Taming the Beast. And this one.

Project Notebook is my community development funding proposal, which attempts to convince Murdoch that film can be utilized to exponentially increase one's learning capabilities, and they are morally obligated to provide a promotional campaign targeted at first-year students to show them how to make it do that. A website as the interface, which feels like an app across all devices.

The notebook then organizes video, text, and images in an easy-to-use episode-like structure, literally bringing their studies around with them no matter where they go and how they are accessing the internet or what text they have in front of them at the time. It was the task to triangulate all of my units which led me to create an entertaining television show about how to use a camera to study extremely efficiently, ultimately opening up new regions of my brain on camera. and this knowledge would be extremely beneficial to students so I will spend my life attempting to reach them because once this type of media has been recognized for its value and accepted by society then it will no longer be frowned upon which means that men like me can do this without being abused by the general population. for women are my liberators and I am showing my appreciation to them by making it easy for them to do it and the only way for this to happen is if every man can lust over the amazing girl who is about to teach him how to no longer objectify her or any other woman ever again If we are to philosophize using film, then is there anyone out there who wants to do the same thing and we can talk about these subjects deeply using this sort of methodology?

You have to have it. You wouldn't be able to do this if you didn't. You can laugh at me, but that is your goal, to be reborn. on camera. It's probably best

just to keep this as a guild thing. Students for students. If I manage to find a girl like the one that I propose, would I not be good enough for her? Would that negatively affect her life?

Side by side, doing this sort of thing for the rest of our lives would that be good for society or bad for it rolling out the red carpet there is no question as to whether or not this will happen tautological the only question is when because only recently has the technology been able to perform such amazing tasks. And now we can write our brains into the cloud to record analyze and communicate our interpretations of inconsistencies which obscure our human bank of information and its collective power to categorize that which can have no category. Only when we question why we are truly doing what it is that we are doing, can we make decisions as to how to pass our education systems on to our young people? The entire point that Socrates had, because despite all of its incredible quantifiable information in which it systematically produces, it has no heart.

Or maybe, I, philosophy, am its heart.

Its systems have little to no ability to go from its processing syntax to meaningful semantics. The student is disconnected from any rational form of human communication. It's every move tied up in its robotic methodology. a transfer of knowledge as if it could be distributed so mechanically.

As more and more stars rise up to the task, education faculties must decide whether to adopt its stars as its new professors or to rebuke them as troublemakers. But if the latter occurs, I assure you that the future of online education will eventually exclude universities. Why? Because I am the snake charmer, baby.

And I am also the snake. I am a male feminist and am damn good at my job. did you like it? It doesn't matter. I like it. That's all that matters. So, this is the end on that quote. But, um, yeah, there's 14 in total. 14. And, uh, yeah, that many words. So, I'm over. But, like, 346 words over.

because everything always works out perfectly told you not a cloud in the sky sometimes you take risks by saying things but they almost always turn out right doing this prophesying you rarely make errors when you do make eras you come to learn later that what you were saying was right you just didn't frame it right you just had to understand it differently look at it differently you still were correct because it is God that inspires you to press the button and say those things despite what currently exists being different. The large majority of my major productions ended in fireworks, literally, metaphorically, and allegorically. I have this country's most expensive firework displays on camera because for one year, three months, and And 12 days. I lived in Canberra, the nation's capital. And between the times that I was there, it was the centenary year. So 100 years of being the capital. And boy, they celebrated that one.

Like everywhere within Australia, they have huge accommodation issues, and for the most of the time I was there, I was living on top of a mountain.

I couldn't find a rental that was appropriate.

I discovered many bad things in Canberra, but we won't get into that right now.

How much sleep do you think I get? I liked reading my assignment and also speaking it out loud and also hearing it back so I know the assignment is good and do not get me wrong I know there are minor grammatical difficulties throughout it but the thing is is that I like the style like that I think it flows perfectly and I think I should have the ability to present it like that. It is funny because the very process in which they utilize to assess the essay is the very issues in which I am protesting through it. By them following their standard heartless protocol, they prove everything that I say in it correct look at that face I've been accused a lot throughout my life for being on a psychotic episode and I'm just trying to make artistic films and express meaning and educate myself on camera so I don't know what this you know psychotic episode is I have no point of reference so I really want to experience this so I can understand what everybody else is talking about so it's a new goal for my life to create an episode and call it psychotic and that way I could have been on a psychotic episode and that would mean a lot to me because when other people are saying it, at least I can have a point of reference in which I can go, oh, I know what you're talking about. I know what a psychotic episode is. I've

been on one of those. The story of my life. Have you ever had a teacher who was as passionate about the subjects in which they taught, as I am. One cannot go to school to become a teacher.

One either is a teacher or is not a teacher. So now I call the new teachers of the world. That would be the students who are already teachers. Please join me. Every once in a while,

This world produces a mutant, one who can see far beyond the normal human capabilities. And it is these individuals who have been directed like this since childhood and most likely not ever been able to find the appropriate mechanisms in order to support their passion that sits right under their chest pushing them to do better in life, now those people are given all of the necessary resources in order to take over the world. What have we been given? And as a result of what we have been given, what are our responsibilities because of that? Each king and queen must claim their kingdom.

Here is my triangulation, philosophy, sociology, education. My passion for philosophy reaches out to all of society, sociology, and becomes education, what you are getting right now. It began with an error.

We are ready to assert to the death that this our constitution has been and is yea and will be whenever the muse of philosophy is queen. There is no impossibility in all this, that there is a difficulty. We acknowledge ourselves. Stand up my friends.

Ye lonesome ones of today, ye seceding ones, ye shall one day be a people. Out of you who have chosen yourselves, shall a chosen people arise, and out of it, you. now at the end of my assignment tick tick tick you might have to draw it on make sure you do it pretty get it precise and we just copy it control a control c and then we just get rid of the crap they got there now don't want that stuff there paste the real one there yeah that's how we do it might have to move it around a little bit. Bang. This is where I go and I recommend you go there too. All good

things take time. If anybody recognizes the new field that I have stumbled upon, then we should talk about how we can develop that for the future of our education systems, how to integrate that field into what we currently have when the kids learn how to outperform their masters maybe the masters teach you know how to do that you may use any systems of referencing as long as it is consistent how about we just call it Wendell style because it's the best I've been able to understand how to manifest since I've been at university. Referencing is really hard when you're working with electronic text. Public servants are those who give their entire lives for the betterment of their own species.

It has nothing to do with their employment status or position within society. I can barely stay still for very long. Bang. Sometimes glare makes it really hard to frame your viewfinder.

So just have faith and keep it recording in those important times because you can make up for it. Like if I don't see the butterfly but I know it's there, then keep it and the footage you up with might surprise you. Many times have I said things wrong but couldn't bring myself to delete the footage because of the events in which the footage caught. For the purpose of philosophy. Okay so most people would say this is bad grammar. What she shall record

and only decision. But I say that's awesome because I conveyed a lot of thoughts by doing that just by doing it incorrectly and if someone is to say that I have bad grammar then I am to respond by saying that you're not intellectually developed enough to actually see what I did there. Let's put our friends outside where they belong. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. You're free. Yay. Have fun.

Because when the truth is documented, we are all saved.

To say until next time to my mother, she has nurtured me from a broken child into a physically, mentally, and spiritually driven warrior. of God. For the last year and a half I have breastfed from her divine wisdom and it is now my time to tell her my goodbyes. She is pushing me out of our nest and is forcing me to learn how to fly. Today I enter back into society with the mission to integrate

my greatest good into its existence. And my greatest good is free education. And I have put my life on the line to make it happen. I picked up my cross and carried it up my mountain. As I did

this, I was spit upon and lashed over the back with the cat of nine tails called society. The The entire time, I remained true to myself, even though it was against my better judgment. When I built my philosophy upon solid foundations, my structures began to form as representations of my mountain, which I exist within. Thus, I paint a picture not only to represent me, but the reflection that I come from.

Over time, the stigmata manifests as I strived for my highest good. I was nailed to the cross by society for my strife for virtue, prudence, and love.

The representation of me manifests in my world the nails of my courses, the meaning of life, my reflected death. what is love ultimately put me to my final slumber but upon my last breath for the self I exhaled from my lungs why God have you forsaken me on the other side just as Jesus had promised me all that was painful had given me into what was really important. I gave over my life to the people even though they did not want it. But every day I strive to help them to learn so that we can all become better people. I will now walk down my mountain and be very careful not to trip over myself. If

If we are unable to comprehend different ways for the second coming to unfold, then we will never be able to be saved. If we are not opening our eyes to the possibilities of God's plan, then we are only running away from our human potential. This is my lie. Please do look at the background conditions before making your judgments.

So, first I have to submit it through Turnitin, which then runs it through their copyright system and checks to make sure that, oh, I hate that, I hate when that happens. Oh, it's because of Turnitin, it's because of this thing. So, yeah, then it goes into a pending status. So we're early here, so we just gotta add a submission, it's good, we're happy with it, it's good enough, worked really hard on it, so yeah, I declare, yeah, it's all my own work, like, I don't need to read your crap about copyright when it's all my own work, yeah, and this is definitely a minor essay, and then I upload it and it does its thing you can check it you can go download see and you can just go open and just go enable editing I don't know why it does that it's annoying but it's all stamped for you and then you bring it down here it's all good yeah and stamped at the bottom too so we then say that's cool I think I just close it and save this is how we become saved and then we are reborn into a demigod I probably won't get a very good grade just so you know can anybody else notice? can anybody else see how perfectly

everything worked out just because I did this? So that is what this education system can offer you, and is why I'm targeting first-year university students. But ultimately, I think it should happen in high school. I think students should learn how to use the camera to enhance their study capabilities during that time, so when they arrive in university, they're equipped to be able to cope with a lot of information and process that in their own way through their mind and their own artistic expression on camera.

We learn by example. If we watch each other grow up on camera, then we can see the results of the decisions in which they made and make accurate assessments as to who those individuals are. we can see their character demonstrated through their life performances. To get Immanuel Kant to speak for me, all that is required for what I'm saying to work is freedom.

And the freedom in question is the most innocuous form of all. Freedom to make public use of one's reason in all matters.

This is the Open Source Revolution, and I am its first student, demonstrated and practically applied to the world. I hope you enjoy the fireworks, because I know that I will. and the thing with prophecy is everything that I'm saying is going to happen it just takes time tick tick tick tick prophecy is tautologically true it is knowledge this is where one can find knowledge



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



13-Project-Notebook-Chapter-12-Download-Tabularasa

Please be receptive to what I'm about to do

philosophy of dramaturgy in film It's a notebook. So I decided to divide my notebook into

chapters and spiritually The anointed has been blessed with an abundance and if you work it right you can milk that for the rest of This vessels life. Please figure out how to make me integrated into society All I need to do is find my girl If by some miracle this has reached your eyes through the system in which I'm trying to integrate these thoughts into then I want to congratulate that system for performing its duty so project notebook.org is live and This is what it is currently, but it's going to be something different. This will be themed like a notebook, and you have a menu here, and we can go to a menu item, and the menu items look similar to this. So there you go. There's the menu item.

And there will be a submit script as well that we'll set up, and that way you can have your videos there with text, text and then after that text you can have the essays there. So this software, all this software is called tabula rasa. So welcome to tabula rasa. Let me show you how to edit the menu items because that's what we got to do next because we got to make this into project notebook because this is actually my personal one so let's change it to project notebook. So it's pretty easy. This is just right in the root directory and all you need

to do is rename and then put the new name and bang. This is what we get after renaming them all. To create those two, I just copied number 10 over to here and then just renamed them one at a time. And so I renamed it 11. So I renamed it that one. And then I renamed

it that and then i put it over and then i renamed it that one so um now we got all the files now we just got to work with them you know the chalkboard has grown on me i think i will keep it so it's pretty stock standard you just have sections here and we just have to replace the content there with the information just right click on it rename and then copy that content and then go to the new one and it's so easy even a child could use it but if you have any problems don't hesitate to bing. This file has a little bit to it so bear with me but the beginning is fairly easy because we just have to replace that with this. I know this is annoying and I'm going to fix it if I can eventually it will be fixed but copy your menu and then go to your project file. The episode file, and here we have all the old stuff that we don't want. So we just select that, we

replace it, bonito, there, that's it. So we just turned the My Symposium Trilogy menu item into About Project Notebook. That was actually my first video for this body of work that I have ever made. It's likely that you've just started university recently, so it's either your first or your second semester, and I know this is a lot of information to put on you, and it's kind of stupid to introduce it at O-Week, because it's like, hey, you're about to do all these studies, here's some more studies you can take to make these studies easier, but these studies are really complicated, but the thing is, is that I have no way of introducing otherwise say what we're gonna do you tell me how to do it and I'll do it in reality this should be a foundation unit I guess we will see how receptive Murdoch is to change could a public servant be someone who gave their life for the betterment of another species or what constitutes a public servant is Is that what it means?

So to be a public servant, I need to get their job. Okay guys, I'm trying to understand you, okay, so yeah, um, okay, public, I understand, so I'm breaking down your two, your two options, public, yep, I understand, gotcha. So can I just pick and choose, so yeah, I'll, um, pick and choose that one. Yeah. Yeah. I'll take that. Yeah. That sounds good. Okay. That's me.

How awesome would this be as a foundation unit and your only assignment was to do this with your other two units? So you see it happening, you see how it's done through kind of 12 lectures, kind of the same way that it's structured before. But you can go at your own pace and the more you learn, so if you're doing it all really quick, then you'll be really prepared for how to do your other units. So it's still, yeah, and then you kind of make your own unit through it, and that's your goal.

So how awesome of a foundation unit would that be? And imagine the potential of what could come out of that.

So we just loaded Dropbox on our VPS, and it's getting pretty fast. So we just told it to only sync what's in the root folder, and what's in the root folder is exactly what we want how perfect is all of this similarity is 12 percent it's the cover page awesome before we start shooting fireworks let's set our focus to far away this is the focus set to far away it's not bad close-up either it's just bad really close up because one day we might realize that right under the fireworks are the stars and which ignite them I used to play soccer when I was a kid more of a hacky sack player hey seven six five four three two and I can change it to the exposure to manual and I can turn it down and I can see it's sharper it's much sharper put it on auto there's auto there's scene selection I can change it to fireworks this is fireworks so this is actually separate fireworks can't see anything we'll change it back to auto then we'll try to be a camera whore because I am part of the fireworks and I'm trying to do everything that I can with this type of media to make it receptive to the public and I'm not really sure how to do it because it's never been done like this but my all and if you can help me extend the boundaries of this technology then I would really appreciate it and we could work together to try to get the right shots so we can help everybody and not just particular types of people but especially the people who are different in society because those people really have a lot to give if we only learn how to acknowledge their gifts and and encourage their gifts towards the right directions but right now we're all we're all haters and this can't work unless we're we train our psychology to go beyond that because it's not going to be receptive for people to do this if they're just going to get hated on for it and that's why females are so important because females could change all of that they could really make the world a better place and if you only you know take the leap and do this sort of thing then in time you would really see the benefits of that in society because We are amazing creatures and it's all thanks to God like God makes this production possible God feeds me the information the words in which I Then give to you and for events like this. There's no second takes You only got the one take and you can just try your hardest to Make that that take good enough because we only got one life to live and how are we going to live it? Like I'm showing you how I think I should live it and how I think we should we could all live it together really well Well, if we only came together and held hands and stopped fighting, you know, throw down our weapons and unite, this is where it's at, this is the fireworks, it's the open source revolution.

What a show, what did you think, was it like a university course, was it worse, was it better, like how could I improve it, how could one improve it, how could anyone improve it, Can you improve it? Can we work together and try to improve it together? Or is this the limits? Is what I've done the limits of what can be done?

How are we going to take the future of this type of learning? Because I know it's effective. It's made me really, really smart. And I did it all for a girl.

And that's the best thing to do because it's all for love. I did it all out of love. And if we can't, you know, acknowledge that in society, if that's so weird and inappropriate and non-professional, then we've got a lot of problems to work through in society. And I think we can do it. I think we can fix it. I think we can coordinate science and philosophy because both of them really have advantages to the human species.

And if we can learn to easily create new fields of study, then ultimately it would benefit all of society. See I know this inside and out. I'm really good with it. That's why I really think I can help and I'm just trying to figure out how I can help and I'm not sure how I can help. Please help me help because I'm just this weird guy who's trying his best to do this thing that I'm not really sure what I'm doing but I'm trying my hardest. Please help me. I really really need help. I want friends too and the friends that I make I need them to help me do this and I think they should want to do this too.

like is there nobody out there who wants to do this sort of thing this is really cool what i'm doing really really cool oh so good camera was a bit weird there was like hearts and everything in camera oh it's the finale so has this been a lot of information is this more information than a normal unit or is it less information or about the same like this hasn't had any readings and that's for a reason like most of my stuff doesn't have readings but this hasn't had any because it's all about the practical application of you picking up this camera I guess the readings were the ones that I showed you but all you got to do is pick up the camera and you'll see just keep on playing around with it one time after another after another like do take after take after take see what you can make the camera do and see if you can make your own media let's do an open source revolution like why does our media have to be like this this is terrible how much we spend on our media and how much do i spend like you can see i guess i do spend money because but it's for my studies it's for the intellectual development of myself and

this is the fireworks i'm so happy it's all worked out perfectly enjoying the fireworks

it's a bit different looking through the viewfinder and seeing it in real life so what do you think is this all weird freaky information or like if you're studying philosophy you're going to get some pretty weird units too so like is this you know a lot weirder than what you would get otherwise i don't know that was on fireworks back to auto that's my fireworks baby happens every time every production golden bit weird yes gets weirder each time in different ways you get used to the style i'm i'm very articulate lots of symbols lots of symbols everything's a symbol ah what an ending yay uh thank you guys for everything thank you for everything that's happened and the events in the order in which they happened oh gold okay guys here's the content files it's pretty easy and self-explanatory most of it because you just have to replace it um here's the first one that's how it's named and you just got to replace the name with the name that you are gonna use for yours so that's what appears in the top menu at the top tab so you know how those tabs say my units and stuff that's what it appears there okay so you don't have to worry about this stuff but you do need the menu this is the menu and you need that in every file and then you also so that's all that and then we go to this is the description and you fill that in and then you put the YouTube video that is there and then you do the date and then which that will be the release date which will be tomorrow we're doing it all tomorrow now and then you put the description that's in the abstract which has that square around it you can put the text here and I'll show you that later um yeah but here um you can do next see where it says next chapter you can make that next episode or whatever um then you got to put your website that's the footer and that's the file so we're done and that's it and just to make sure i will go through them and watch them one more Do you see how I took my personal life as a template, which was my dating profile, my whole reason for doing all of this, and then applied it to my employment prospects? I did so well. So we just upload it and it'll be in size and be Dropbox because we installed Dropbox on it. Chapter 1. So we're going to do this weird thing. So colon into space and we're just like that.

See, we can just paste the description now because, yeah, so we've got the description there. And we'll add all these later, but you can add them. But here's what you've got to make sure you do is you've got to change the licensing to Creative Commons. I mean, if you have too much, at least I'm not sure if the songs are going to let me do Creative Commons because I had a little bit of songs in there, but it really depends.

okay so I changed it to education and yeah so we can put other things in there later I'll think of some stuff and come back to it but yeah so that's uploading now and you gotta do this too and I gotta sign in first but I'll come back Sydney okay so we just Let's go over here and we tell it to do that one. It's uploading now and we just paste it in again. Okay, well that didn't work very well, let's undo that. Let's control T and let's paste it and then control A and then cut it and let's go back and let's go back because it needs to be this one.

a chalkboard we'll come back to it see it's a bit slow it does that um but yeah and then just paste yeah so that took out the formatting um yeah and i'll come back to show you these ones

okay so you have to fix this up first which is like that and that's how it will display okay so then you just put that in and i just put a whole bunch of stuff there and i copied that and i'm going to put it over to youtube in a second so then you put the creator yourself and you put the date that it's published which was just today test item night whatever um okay so you got all that so now you need to do it the license is important that's uh no rights reserved cc0 it's entirely open source um so make sure you do that and upload and create your item and it does that but why it's doing that we can go over here to YouTube and we can then control V I think so yeah so now we got all those in there make sure you press it it can be a bit scary I know works perfectly across all devices and we just need to click next and scroll down and then copy this content that comes up it's a bit laggy because it's a VPS but you gotta bear with it it'll come through don't press play because that'll lag everything out okay so you just gotta copy this if it'll work i'm not in a very good spot i'm not in a very good connection but yeah just copy that okay this is done so it's just on to the next one and it's just the same the same thing you do the exact same thing you just click that like we did before just upload another um upload files select okay so now we're on to number two and we'll fill that out i don't need to show you because i already showed you and number two you just do that for all of them install these as well yep we can use it as a little notepad and paste and then we can just keep that on the side and just paste that into everyone we'll add one more do it this way it's so much cooler okay so we end up with a video thumbnail at the end it's fine like that uh that one we got the clue so we're good and yeah awesome can you see what is in front of us okay from here so it went from here and then it went up and up around and then it's there and then it went there and then it went around there and it went out that way correction it went out this way just go into the video and stop it we don't want it loading and then go to share and then this thing comes up and it'll want you to share it but you don't want to do that and then you go to embed see and bad but you gotta show more because it's not good enough um you gotta make sure that that's enabled and see this and kind of irritating all that just to get this URL right here so you just copy that um that right there and then I'll show you what to do with it just in there and just control V and just save it control s to save so easy even a child can do it and now you can see its reasonings i get really bad reception in my car it's good now when it goes to one it's really shoddy but i'm on 3g here which is cool and i'm on unlimited so i can do what i want so now this is how i can watch my stuff and I can be on any device and this is how I'm going to watch it in the future and that will just expand and I gotta do this so that what is a blank slate so now that's in the background I said this is how you do it this is what he does like I was boasting but I made a I made a mistake, because it's D-Olympio, I think that's how you pronounce it, because there's a D in front of it, I made a mistake. This was also rude of me when I said that a chair could be something different from what it is to me than what it is to you, because I'm in my car, you know, just saving the world um smoking bombs uh yeah I I should have respected what she was saying because we can both come to the conclusion that the chair is something you sit on and we can say chair in our conversation and it's meaningful to both of us and we can come to similar conclusions because we can use the the words in that manner so make a playlist and add them all in explosions and sophisticated editing equipment is a camera and environment like I hope I've been showing you that should not be such a limiting factor I can still have explosions in my films just different tautologically they're all coming out so perfect however we can't monetize this video but we don't care because they monetize it which is okay thank you see they just slide straight onto the chalkboard see not Not really a mistake, but when I was talking about the Chinese room argument, I forgot to mention that the symbols that it was being fed, it was given instructions, the person in the room was given instructions on how to organize those symbols and then feed them back. So all they had was these instructions. But I didn't think it mattered because we read later in the episode, or I think in the next episode. We read that anyway, so I didn't think it mattered. But yeah, just minor things

that you would have to clear up, but readings clear up too, so I don't know. People should think for themselves. There's a lot that I'm not saying here that I've said without saying, and there's a lot that I've said that I've said. Yeah, so yeah, think about it in lots of different ways. I have constructed a lot of meaning throughout this. This is my life

me and you just carefully analyze what it is that you're getting um then you know you can make this anything that you want and why um because I'm a lonely kid that couldn't grow up until he found his princess and I didn't know how to do that because I am wired like this

Thanks, Fiverr. What do you think? It's pretty cool, eh? Hell yeah.

The big thing that you need to know is that you don't know very much. But the thing is, if you know this, then you know more than most people.

Conversing with oneself. Orange is the New Black does show the hardships that women face in prisons. So there is some aspects to be learned from it, and I guess that's true with all of these shows. But my argument is concerned around the monetary value that is being invested into these shows when we can do much better without doing that.

your number one fan should be both you and your partner it goes two ways because they are one I really appreciate the Australian government allowing me to do this and I am proud to be Australian and thankful that I live in a country where I can for the most part feed my belly and survive and not have to worry about guns around me and and bombs and all that sort of stuff so I'm very proud to be Australian and I'm thankful that they've enabled the opportunities in my life for me to be able to study philosophy let the best country win I look forward to seeing your thought-provoking work my love if one is to create a drug one must be careful how one administers that drug to society so here's a little bit of code you need to indent your text and you just go down and yeah we can see that yeah see that's centered because I didn't put it in there yeah and then that turns out like this projectnetbook.org your new pen and paper you see we got it yeah perfect you see how it's in the middle the center I'm a student, I'm using all of this in an experiment in order to enhance my learning capability so I should be able to pretty much put whatever I want as long as I don't go above 10%. This is the research recorded and the results demonstrated of the education method in which I propose and no one can say that this is all too long because the same day that I'm releasing all of these I'm also taking the entire course again so if I can take the entire course in one day then none of you have any excuses your productions will be a bit different than this because you'll release them as they go and this will give you this as you go so right after you watch it and upload it then you'll have it here indexed and you can access whatever you want here and And you've got techs to work with, and eventually, hopefully, we can get some optical character recognition software, or as an acronym, OCR, and that way we can have all that there. And we can have essays that accommodate them. And then over on this side, we could use this as like a transferring.

So whatever we had here, we'd go, oh, that's really good for my assignment. Just transfer it over, and then you can work it into it. this is mine I want to see what you can make of it and at the end we always end up doing this my name is Wendell Charles NeSmith and I had some problems in my head but I worked them out on camera for the world to see so I could listen to my readings while I walked around the streets, homeless, searching for food. Murdoch put me under disciplinary action for making Song of Wind. I pray to God that this

technology is used for good and not evil. How will you paint your world? Let's see how smart I can get by taking my own course. At the end you have to soak in what you've done so you can know how to finish it all off. Once you create the

devices they add to your character and no one can ever take them away from you and you can continue to use them as long as you live. How funny would it be if this was the instruction manual for your camera so you just bought a new Sony handicap and this was the instruction manual okay so let's look at how to use it so once you finish you got to add it to the internet movie database and you just go to their site I just google IMDB space add title and it comes up with it you got to be logged in of course so you just fill out all this information and what it should ask for, and you've got to remember your foundations, and I'm not promoting this as an entity, as any institution, I'm promoting this as an ideology, as an ideal, as a thought, as a symbol of what we could become, so it's amazing what systems you can get around if you just love within your methodologies. Bang. Recycle the broken part. This scene here

was out of order because I split it and when you're in the moment you can't really go back on the footage and delete what you don't want so he went on longer than I wanted him to in my footage so I just split it but that changed the order and I thought I rectified that but I guess I didn't and that's what you end up with. Composers period. When I film I don't think of things on the fly. I think about things over a long period of time and when I feel comfortable in those topics then I'll discuss them and I won't discuss them until that point in time and if I try to on camera and it fails then it means that I didn't understand the topics well enough so then I delete it until I understand it well enough until I can articulate it well enough and sometimes I try to talk about topics and I'm not ready so I just delete it and move on and then I come back to it later so each scene is actually carefully thought about um I don't think I've ever done a scene just out of the whim um it's always been hey I'm gonna do a about this thing I've been thinking about for a while has no head to go on let's cross freedom line these are the champions these are the champions these are the champions to the world shoes go on feet it took me about 12 hours to to complete my course and it taught me a lot if it can teach me a lot and I have already watched the videos a few times and I know myself very well then what can it teach people who don't know me at all just finishing the job now so now it It is time for you to download Tabula Rasa, your new chalkboard.

I look forward to seeing what you can scratch into it. It's amazing what you can accomplish in one day. That's all God needs. You thought this was the fireworks, but the fireworks are your own.

Becoming what you are is just syncing yourself up with your nature. We only have a certain amount of time in this life to realize ourselves. And the sooner that we do it, the better quality lives we will all have. The sooner it happens, the better we will be equipped to deal with climate change.

What if this trended? What if everybody started doing this, submitting it for their really awesome assignments? This is not mine. It is all of ours.

Just finished. Don't know if I'm going to make it, but I'm going to try. If I don't, it doesn't matter, it'll still prove a different point, stamp it, boom boom. Despite the information in this that was controversial, let's just think about the learning method that I have presented here and how it could be utilized for the benefit of our entire species.

But then let's consider again that I had to create this learning method in order to find my girl because at the end of each and every day it does not matter if I find you because the truth is you make me a better man just by me imagining you and if there is someone that is out there in this world that is so amazing that they can heal me without me even meeting them without me even knowing them then that's the person that I want to spend the rest of my life with otherwise I'm happy single so every life that I have ever or will ever have will be in search for her and one day I'll find her and we'll never part because no matter how many millions of people I must search through in order to find you, one day I will. And hail God for that day, for it will be the day in which the promised land becomes all nations. For she will show the path to righteousness through individual errors, And I will be waiting right here for you Every one of you What is music for $666? If you only take the leap of faith I promise that I will catch you Be imitators of me as I am of Christ Now I commend you because you remember me in everything and maintain the traditions, even as I delivered them to you, however they were delivered.

For to this you have been called, because Christ also suffered for you, leaving you an example, so that you might follow in his footsteps.

Then Jesus told his disciples, If anyone would come after me, let him deny himself and take up his cross and follow me.

I am the light of the world. Whoever follows me will not walk in darkness, but will have the light of life.

You did not choose me, but I chose you and appointed you that you should go and bear fruit, and that your fruit should abide, so that whatever you ask the Father in my name, he may give it to you. These things I command you, so that you will love one another.

Follow me, and I will make you fishers of men.

Pray then like this, and please consider that he's talking about actions, not necessarily words that go into what we speak about to a divine entity. Our Father in heaven, what has the actions of this production done? Hallowed be your name. Your kingdom come, your will be done.

On earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread, and forgive us our debts, as we also have forgiven our debtors. And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil. But the hour is coming, and is now here, when the true worshippers will worship the Father in spirit and truth, for the Father is seeking such people to worship it.

God is spirit, and those who worship it must worship in spirit and truth. Echoes of a Boundless life. I don't know how long it's going to be until I do video work again. It might be a while.

It really depends on what happens and the reactions that I get for doing this. It's been a real crazy journey for me and I'm sure it's been a real crazy journey for you too. So let's just think about everything I said. Just contemplate over it for a little while and see where that gets you. It's been

a pleasure to perform for you, and I hope you enjoyed the entire process. Now download it and take your studies to the next level. Chip away at it and mold your statue to reflect your own heart.


༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
https://republicka.life
https://kkk.education
CC0 PUBLICKÁ DOMÁNIA
ALL LOVE RESERVED
AMORIARIACKA IS MY NATIVE TONGUE
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻