༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
⏰ Time Masheen ⏰
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻

September 25, 2015


This impassioned, stream-of-consciousness monologue presents the fragmented manifesto of a self-proclaimed time traveler and revolutionary figure. The speaker advocates fiercely for a radical transformation of education and society, centered on a "one-camera-per-student" policy. They envision this as a tool for personal liberation, artistic expression, and societal healing, aiming to replace mainstream media with individual art and dismantle exploitative systems ("stop these ads... stop trying to make a buck off of everybody"). The core belief is that authentic self-documentation will expose societal injustices, foster organic solidarity, and ultimately "save humanity."

The narrative is deeply personal and often confrontational, detailing the speaker's struggles with homelessness, alleged persecution by institutions like "Murdoch" University and law enforcement, and periods of incarceration or forced psychiatric evaluation. They frame these experiences as sacrifices made in a messianic mission, positioning themselves as a misunderstood prophet ("the antichrist," "the master deceiver") battling against societal sickness and "the Illuminati." References to God, divine mandates, and apocalyptic warnings ("Our world is going to get very crazy shortly") intertwine with raw accusations of societal failure, particularly regarding mental health care and homelessness.

Fueled by a potent mix of idealism, resentment, and urgency, the speaker directly addresses a mysterious "ivory" or "girl" – envisioned as a future savior and love interest – while challenging the viewer to judge their claims of time travel and messianic purpose. The text oscillates between grand declarations of impending revolution ("Let us begin the revolution"), practical advice for societal change, and deeply personal confessions, creating a chaotic yet compelling portrait of an individual seeking radical transformation through the lens of a camera and the power of unfiltered speech. The speaker's final plea underscores their conviction: "Please save humanity. Your children really need you."


------


14-Time-Masheen-Stream-01-The-Ubermensch

No metal today. I served my duty. And this is my duty. Let the time fly by until the moment is right. Because I am proof that one individual can make a difference in this world.

here's how we do it. They don't need to know the creation date but you do. My name is Wendell Charles NeSmith and I am a time traveler. I can freely roam past, present and future and I can manipulate my own environment in order to achieve more beneficial outcomes for the whole. Be careful of the times you encapsulate

because they will come back to either support your cause or haunt you. Because the past will become the present what you're experiencing right now and that will make the future. Tick, tick, tick, tick. Our time machine sometimes takes a while. This time machine took me many years to build. I guess I can teach you

how to build your own if that's what you're after, but I urge you to use it for good and not evil if you do that I guess I should explain to you the dynamics of the machine in which we're about to travel through in time so this is our satellite and this is how we open up new pathways in order to be able to travel over long distances through the past and even into the future in which you can then bring back with you let me show you around the time machine so this time machine is portable no matter where you go and as long as you have a car really to be able to put it in you can just you know go around with this and here's where going to watch and contemplate what I'm watching and here is how I'm going to be watching it and we have a tent that I can sleep in and I I can give you some pretty cool stuff too so this is how we're going to be doing it I hope you enjoy what I'm about to give you here is our equipment we are blessed with many methods in order to travel through time so we also have and we also have and we also have we have chop boards everywhere in which we can utilize in order to accomplish what we need to travel through time and we can really do it wherever we want. So we're not limited to the room. We have many interfaces to utilize in order to be able to travel through the past and into the future really too. Before we start, a few ground rules on time traveling. You must keep your hands in the cart at all times. You must not pass

judgment until the end of its story and you must remain open-minded towards the evolution of thoughts and understand that the thoughts of our past don't necessarily represent our current ones so all we have to do is take this page page, add this, go down, add this, we'll build upon it, and put in a description, and it's all hidden, and then put in a footer, and we're done. I'm going to do something very interesting with it, but you will get something very different. Showing myself in bad situations in order to learn in and out how the systems reacted, loving and past rebellion have been processed through many of the institutions that directly cause our oppression. Learning these subjects theoretically for these inconsistencies within our current understandings of life.

And then shout out my findings to the entire world stupidly without asking one cent from you. Carefully think out and produce interpretations that can not only change the world, but each individual from within and as a result into society. For now I will choose to live, always invested in giving to you content that can show you not only how to save your lives, but also your souls. No one can ever give me one good reason why everybody doesn't love me for the exact person that I am in myself, and as a result, society.

I live my soul for you in search for your heart and entertain you along the way. You are stupid if you don't love me for exactly the person that I am. Each time you don't appreciate me, an amazing genius like myself loses a little more faith in humanity.

Welcome to my website, which is your haven into healthy means of university education. You have now become my student, and along our journey, I hope you can also become my teacher. We will never be enemies, but I choose not to ascribe to unhealthy forms of communication. If you are not with your most upstanding of intentions within all interactions with me, then I will not respond in order to save my own psychology.

But you are always welcome to my door if we can interact in the most caring, meaningful, and passive of practices. of practices. I am entirely trustworthy and will respond in the most healthy manner possible depending on my abilities and life circumstances. I am a superhuman. Let me show you how you

too can also reach your own God-like abilities. You have just stumbled upon a website that That will change absolutely everything about all your circumstances. Please take my hand as I bring you into the wilderness of life. Open Source University was launched on May 21, 2012.

I launched it by recording with my netbook in front of the new parliament house in the Australian Capital Territory, Canberra, the heart of Australia, the capital, and I cut a red ribbon, but I no longer have that video footage due to events which occurred with the authorities. This philosophy, a singer of, is amazing. I am very impressed with this open source university. My favourite is What is Love Course.

It touched my heart, especially Act 7, Making Love. All the videos in this act are mind-blowing. Open source universities are free methods to provide education to the entire world. There is only one teacher at the moment, but I hope one day it will happen anymore, where anybody can learn about whatever they want.

That website is no longer available due to altercations with the authorities.

Let me show you how to fly.

You can study heaps and heaps and heaps by utilizing this method. And you can just have it running in the background. And so you just press play.

Yeah, and you can follow along with it or just walk around with it in your pocket or something. um yeah so we gotta see what it is that we're doing and what we're being by doing that and this is how we do it before we get into this why did i do this to myself there's a lot of reasons and those reasons are explored throughout the content but we're not going to explore that content because I've already explored that content but what we will do is create new content from the old content and you'll see this is why I made it like this I structured everything intentionally so I could create as many arguments as I wanted to without actually doing it myself so allow my my past self to structure new arguments and that's the reason why I noted them all down and strung them out over five years because that's what its intended purpose was to do at the end of it was to all come together to be able to do what I'm about to show you that is why I called it open source education because it's not only me that can do this it's everybody that's out there maybe right now the time machine only works for me but if you consider the concepts in which I'm about to present to you then maybe you can construct your own this time machine is a side project for me and I'm not in any hurry to get it done and once you begin the process once you see what I'm talking about you'll see why because oh we're about to explore some really heavy topics this project was made possible by this project which gave me the template to work with so I just keep this camera by my side and whenever I am inspired to film something this is what you get how long is this TV show going to be I don't know how long does it take to live through your life one more time. How long is a piece of string? How many licks does it take to get to the center of a Tootsie Pop? We will start from our

foundations. What do I have in store for you? I hope you enjoy my life mission. Wendell leaves the comfort of home life to take his greatest journey into Mother Nature to find true value, meaning, and importance in life.

Regardless of any beliefs or lack thereof, every unique individual human being is asked one question at every moment of their existence. what will you do with the given? The answer to this question will determine if one is or is not able to save their soul. It was released the 9th of March 2012. Ever wonder what the purpose of

this life you have been given is? How did you come about and what are you to do? What are your responsibilities and what should you make of what has been given, if anything? What is all this stuff in front of us? And if we are to understand what is in front of us, then what are our

obligations to it. Why is life so hard and why do we suffer? What are methods that we can utilize to overcome and dominate not only our own sufferings but also our own life? How can we become masters of our own destiny and take our place in life that we were built for? These are

some of the many questions that this comprehensive philosophy course will attempt to tackle. Please sit back and enjoy as we raise the most important topics relevant to all of humankind. The darkest and lonely avow from the gods, the state of your soul, present and future moments in their entirety will be repeated, not once, not twice or thrice, but forever into the abysmal infinite spectrum of space and time and your continuity there within. Am I the bearer of demons?

Receive your newfound insight. What will you do for all of your past?

Your future, which results from your present, is in the hand of its creator.

It's nothing more than a force to chain you to your burdens. Instead, I say, embrace your burdens and become what you are. Break free from your chains and accept your unique.

By learning and directing, your psychology will cast itself over your dark place in life. For it is yours for the taking.

But I have pity on your soul because I know it's better all too well. Let me shake you from your slumber and assist your understanding of the phrase of human existence is formed from the individuals found within its species.

Welcome to the birthing pains of Education Reformation.

Enjoy this philosophy course entitled The Meaning. Thank you God for blessing us with food and Netflix. It's pretty long. It's in minutes.

That's not too long. How skinny I live. Live outside of yourself so that you might avoid your follies. Precious minerals come in many different forms.

Don't mistake the gem you see in front of you as a mere rock. For you may never get the opportunity again, and your mistakes will leave the gym isolated, alienated, and unappreciated.

When we overlook the one in front of us, we cast arrogance into our hearts. The cancer will grow in the blackness and will result in our death. Let us live. Let us exist and communicate together in a healthy manner.

When we close our doors on the faces of others because of our own potentially flawed interpretations, we secure the handcuffs in which we are bound. I did heaps of Coojian stuff, so I had a lot of different hand postures, but I think I was kind of a tool a bit too. Haha, look, watch. Greetings, and welcome to lecture one of the course The Meaning of Life.

life. Or if I say sit down on a chair, a chair to you and a chair to me are two entirely different things. Considering I live in the wilderness, a chair to me is a representation of the sun. And for the mediator between the divine and the human, the fallible, the material, is only somewhere in between. We need to be careful about what we put our faith in,

and putting our faith in science has its ramifications. I am a called man to what I'm doing now. I don't identify with any religions in particular. How we have grown, we found salvation. The philosopher is the one that searches for wisdom, and through searching

for wisdom, we are learning to, we are learning theories to bring about practical application onto the world. This course is a focus on practical application, which is phronesis, phronesis. Oh, I used to be so boring. Oh, you guys are lucky I'm not anymore. Okay, so I was homeless

and i had a netbook and i set that netbook up to record scenes and that's pretty much all i could do i was very limited whereas when i got a handy cam it really opened up new worlds of existence because i could then you know do multiple things at the same time and capture it all kind of use my world the camera like I'm cartooning so I press the record button and it gives me complete control of the shot and that enables me to be comfortable in front of a camera in real life I'm actually very shy the only other person I would be comfortable with holding the camera other than me would be my ivory. Be very careful what messages you choose to send from the past into the future. Every time you go back the memories are reconstructed before you as to why you pressed that record button and as a result all of the things in which compelled you to press that record button are then resurfaced into the future psychology so what the past has said becomes that future. This is why it's so important what you say, because that message will then be carried over and then developed into the future.

Being a time traveler is extremely stressful on the brain because you're maximizing its capabilities, so this isn't for the faint of heart. To visit the past, to project into the future, two sides of the same coin, but opposite methodologies in order to come to learn and understand them and how to efficiently utilize our new time traveling gifts. To leap back, one must place a marker, a recording, an encapsulation of the psychology in which produced it and then that becomes a film in which can be reflected upon within the future. Leaping forward is a little more abstract than that, but I hope to be able to convey what I'm talking about over this TV show.

Because traveling back like this will provide you visions of the future. This life is incredibly complex, and I want to learn everything that I can about it while I'm here. And I was smart enough to see this from childhood, so I geared my life to be able to comprehend as much information as possible. So by studying with my entire life, and not only just studying, but studying how to study and fine-tuning my own study methods, and then applying that to a camera that has enabled me to reach amazing heights.

And it's all because of my time machine, if you enjoy it. This is our technique. Because each clone is individual and separate from me with its own knowledge base. And when I create new clones, that enables me to live out countless lives.

I am not what you see before you, I am just one imprint of many. A clone, wouldn't you like to know who the real Wendell is? I don't think the real Wendell knows that answer anymore. Maybe I am all of them, but what I do know is that each one of them has a bank of information in which i can fill the content with and then apply that into my real world and that way that information stays with me all the time converted from a bodily image into ones and zeros which now display on your screen with such power comes great responsibility For now you must please the voices of your past and not only your current situation.

By following one's logical processing, one can make accurate assessments as to how that processing will be applied in the real world. How you think about things determines your future actions. The clones are not real. They cannot feel. They have only one intended purpose, and they are positioned in syntactual methodologies in order to achieve semantic results.

It is a quantitative approach utilized in order to receive a qualitative result. Do not neglect to consider its prophetic capabilities because a new world is upon us. We're always one step behind because the information, the new ideas, the new inventions in which we create in the past we then have to implement in the future and that can be very difficult considering that a lot of these approaches have not been done before. The work in which we reflect upon in the past will then act as the infrastructure for the work we're going to do in the future. So in almost all cases, our next production is an evolution of the previous one.

The capabilities of this technology is as far as you can take it. I have spent many years learning how to make this technology do what I want it to do. And I have almost scratched the surface so far. If you think that I have misunderstood the concept of time travel, and if you think that I'm not really time traveling, then I would assert that your comprehension of possibilities of time travel and time itself is not very refined.

This education system will revolutionize our world. Period.

The collective psychology within Australia is extremely difficult to work with. They claim me to have rigid thinking, yet when I speak of ideals of grandeur, when I speak of ways in which we can save the world, they immediately become suspicious and critical and roll their eyes. Where does our society stand when the typical Australian psychology is fearful of the good, but warmly welcomes the bad? Embedded in every ideal is its practical application.

That's not philosophy, let us all learn how to play it. Many people think I am crazy. Last night my roommate came to me to talk about whether or not I was doing alright because I appeared to believe that I could time travel. So in order to make a good production you have to believe it and you have to do whatever you can to believe it and then convince other people of its validity.

How many Australians does it take to change a light bulb? You are lucky Australia because I am a citizen so for now it only takes one. The reason why big thoughts should be recorded is because eventually they will create an avalanche. If you believe in something with all of your heart, then you can make it come true.

You can make it true as it was true before and will continue to be true. And this is what we call inventing. People tell me I'm idealistic and live in a fictional world and that my thoughts, my expressions, what I'm conveying can never come true. But here's the thing is my philosophy is better than the one in which is currently instated.

So it'll prove itself in time. maybe currently my thoughts are not the dominant ideology but everything takes time isn't that right Galileo and thanks to the digital revolution I have an abundance of time which has been encapsulated for both me and the world But here is the thing. I know exactly what I have. If one is to discover gold, do they go and ask their companions whether or not that gold is valuable?

If you like my work then I'm glad, but the purpose of my work is not to please an audience which chooses to examine my work. The purpose of my work is to save humanity. If you have negative feedback and you are not a gorgeous girl who has examined the entire production, then I am not interested in hearing what you have to say. In fact, if you have anything negative to say, I request that you don't say anything at all, because the only person I'm interested in obtaining feedback from is my Ivory, and that's only one girl.

Why would a time traveler show you how to build your own time machine? It's for his girl. Because this time traveler is lonely and wants to spend the rest of what life he has to time travel with his significant other. All time travelers require certain tools.

one must learn to think outside of conventions in order to remove them so I already did this one and you can see that here and now I'm working on this my exam question is going to be because I I triangulated all of my units together and because of that I already have all the resources required. I successfully completed all of my units upon completion of Project Notebook. Now I just have to go through their routines. We will take our failed experiments down, but eventually they will all succeed.

When one travels from the present into the past, they change that past. It becomes something different than what it was. This is how big my lens is. And this way.

Once we're going to do a square image, we get 0.9 centimeters squared to work with. How could your idea function in the real world? We will get there, 0.9, awesome. How many extremely meaningful tattoos can I fit on my body that is 0.9 centimeters squared?

The answer is as many as I want. I think this production is really cool because I'm not on any timelines and I just come to the camera whenever I have something to add to it and there's no desired outcomes, it's just what it is. So yeah, really cool project. Most of my past work was filmed under extreme duress, and I was required to put all of my effort into it in order to make the deadlines.

To be honest, I don't even know what this is. It's pretty funny though.

Your new comedy of the future is in education because it can make possible all which you thought impossible who do you want as your future professors do you want those who make up really neat stories and film them for you and educate you through the use of those stories or do you want old people who go to a lecture hall once a week to stand up in front of a whole bunch of students and yak on about stuff do you want to learn from actions or words I am going to take this show very slowly because I have a lot of material to cover and as you will discover this production will evolve with the evolution of my old work because as I learned how to utilize the camera I was able to construct many different types of messages to pass back and forwards through time. December 21st, 2012. The end of the old world and and the beginning of the new. I purchased a portable camera and then shot my first feature film, Ivory Heart, and released it on December 21st, 2012.

And that began this, and it went crazy after that, it avalanched. my first feature film award-winning and the only award I will ever need don't get me wrong all of my content is awesome but a little bit boring gets a little bit better there kind of depressing that kind of starts it that's where I learn what I'm doing and so then I make a whole bunch of stuff about what I'm about to do and here I introduce what I'm about to do and then I do it and then all these are gold all these are gold they just get better and better and better and better and they're already awesome so it's like how can you get better than awesome I've managed to do it and then we finally end here each production has secrets some of them extremely controversial all it takes to save the world is an idea thank you very much bernadetta you did very well why does talking about saving the world with others freak people out so much. I have never had an enthusiastic conversation with someone else talking about saving the world. They all think I'm too idealistic.

What this world needs is a lot of people who want to spend their lives to save it. It is This is so hard to decide. They are both so good. I think I will choose this one.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



14-Time-Masheen-Stream-02-Confessions-of-a-Time-Lord

The philosophy that changes the world.

This is how birth. There has never been a single person in my life who has approved my content. So how hard do you think that was for me to make it all when everybody around me was telling me to stop? Ironically, there has also never been anybody in my life who has watched an entire production of mine.

As a result, it kind of became my diary and I was able to reveal significant secrets in the work because no one around me would watch it, so it gave me great liberty to do whatever I wanted with it.

It took me a little bit over a month to make it.

As a time traveler, you will see many aspects of life that the typical human is blind to. And this must not frighten you away from speaking what you see. Because although it might be uncomfortable to the general population, it's something they need to hear. When you press the record button, you know that you are going to change both that past and its future.

Eventually. Everything takes time. This is the first time that I've ever made 53 minutes using this camera.

Perfect. Do you see how we are going to use our website? We don't need a footer so this is how we comment it out because we already have a footer and we just did a break line there and then put the image in and there is our new footer. at least for this page and see it's perfectly aligned with the camera so I can use this page every page and then at the very end of the scene because it finished do this bang just for simplicity's sake you don't need a footer people are going to know what website that they're on so they don't need you to tell them at the end anyway it doesn't work properly so I wouldn't want it if it did work properly anyway so let's get rid of that out of the template so then none of you will have to worry about it and then save it this is all for the sub pages and we're working with the index so let's not confuse you any more than we have to let's make this as minimalistic as possible so it'll be really easy for you just to edit and put your own stuff in save it and bang although eventually i do want to add a submit feature uh we'll get rid of that for now and uh the same goes for this wall and a wall will be really awesome because then you don't have to use facebook but um that sort of thing is going to take a little bit of time so let's just wait for it and put it in when we get it there is heaps of these types of services available but if you just search for something like I did here and it'll come up and then you just gotta go and and choose the file and a uh... favicon would probably be best is this thing right here

uh... yep and generate icons um... just generate the favicon, we'll do other stuff like see the potential with this type of website is endless because it runs like an app so you could make an android app out of it and you can make an iphone app out of it So eventually, we'll get back to these sort of things, but we'll just do one step at a time, and we'll create favicon, that's what we want to do. It tells us what we need to do there, but we'll just download it, or we know what to do.

And we'll just put it in my downloads, because I got to upload that to the server, which I guess I'll do right now, easy enough. okay so where's downloads downloads is right here and favicon right there yeah okay so we got it it's hidden okay now let's put it in the root directory so we got a u directory image directory but we actually just want to put it straight in the root directory it looks kind of bad um we'll see how it looks when it's small yeah all right it and then just refresh this is okay looking good did it do it sometimes it takes a while I'll come back when you're too lazy to wait for stuff just load it in ie what do you think I think it turned out well so let's look up close project notebook looks good. If you remember back in Project Notebook, we installed SendMail. This is why because the contact option and it's work. We just tested it. So this is what we end up getting from

people contacting us. Hi, working. Yeah, sure. Okay, so this is how you link up to Google Analytics.

I'm not going to do it with this website because one, I don't really care how many people see project notebook org it'll be a lot eventually but I don't really care and and that's commented out right now because I'm not using it because I don't care but all you got to do if you want to examine like who who comes to your website and the statistics and like everything about their computers as far as like their operating systems and browsers and stuff that they run you can and their location their geolocation which is really good so you can know your audience that is receptive to it yeah so you just put in that code you get that code from Google Analytics and and then you got a comment so you got to remove that first part and then the second part there and then it'll start tracking but you have to do this on every page to make sure you do you can see things like how long people stay on pages which is really convenient to find out whether people are actually watching your videos or not Thank you, Fiverr, for enabling me to do amazing things alone as a result of this service, hooking me up with amazing people who want to help my projects for a very inexpensive price.

No, thank you. I've had heaps of breakthroughs, but I guess you'll find that out in time because I'm in no hurry to do this production and I could care less whether I keep you in suspense. But I really got to say that, you know, I wouldn't be able to do this at this capacity if it wasn't for pot. Of course, I would be able to do this if I wasn't on pot, and I did for long periods of time, as you can see in my past work.

But to be able to be inspired to these ideas this quickly and at this capacity, that pot's a really cool drug. Legalize it. Because this is the world in which we live, removed philosophical topics only.

Philosophy might not be what I think it is.

Maybe I shouldn't have spent my whole life studying it if what I'm saying isn't philosophy. It got removed from science too, and it's been censored on a lot of other sites as well. I am finished using them. If they don't censor me, then they troll me.

They have never been nice to me. This is why they removed it, idiots. So I told them, and... So I've posted this on probably around 25 or so different groups and sites and I have been censored on at least half of them.

Let's just get something clear. I can see both the past and the future. This means that I know the actions that you are going to take before you take them. And I'm no idiot either.

So what I do and how I frame what you do will ultimately result what happens. Because it has already happened, you just don't know it yet. Because here is the deal, I'm not going back, the fox. And every group who treats me with disrespect or censors me will not receive my material.

That means that individuals within your group that could greatly benefit from my own material will not get that opportunity because of your own ignorance and arrogance. Let's get censored even more. So it's really easy. All you gotta do is go in there and then just press control V, paste it, and then just get rid of that because we don't need it. It already has the link there. Then we just post it and

yep done. It's okay you'll get banned from lots of places. Because they don't want their savior coming back and they don't really believe it's going to happen and they're not prepared for anything like that to happen. It's just their coping mechanism that they utilize to get through this life. But despite this fact, we are compelled to spread the good news. And they won't approve

it. It won't happen. You can't stop me world, no matter what you do. Because their religion is based off something happening in the future. But their eyes are closed off to seeing that

to fruition, because that would then create another religion, and they wouldn't have the same religion then, so they've kind of messed themselves over by being so strong-willed on their current religion not coming to fruition as the prophecy has foretold. Because they think that Jesus literally is actually going to come down from the clouds and show himself to them individually, and everybody's going to see Jesus one individual coming down from the clouds, and that would somehow work. Uh, they have no ability to interpret similes, metaphors, and its allegories. There is heaps of groups out there.

Every single aspect of your life is a way to do this. Remember how all this started. I might be the Antichrist, but my girl is the real deal. Did you think that the two would not work together?

You have misinterpreted a lot. I still go, although that is not true.

But I no longer go for the companionship or even to convert them, but instead to listen to the messages because they help me. I listen to a Christian radio station. All of those groups banned me. Let me give you a preview.

This is the road to character. Just a sneak preview. This is not it. To say that you didn't have time to do is to guard your heart.

Because God works for us. The Bible is not about you reading it. reading it, it's about it reading you. It's about it. I mean to or not, sometimes we can

don't even read it. People who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray and seek my face and turn from their wicked ways. Then I will hear from heaven, will forgive their sins and will heal them. If my people, then I will hear from heaven. It says, I will

give you what? And put a new spirit in you. I will remove from you your heart of stone and give you a heart. Churches are not structured to be able to accommodate for individual people. You need to

have a group of two or more people that you go to church with in order to be welcomed into the community to be able to get a footing into the community that's how you have to approach a church so you know just a stranger isn't going to be welcomed into a church okay so all we have to do is search for keywords that are kind of relevant to what we're talking about and then we just go to it you know we don't worry about ones that don't have many people at all so we just go yeah we'll request like everybody won't always accept us most people actually don't accept us so that's quite a few members will join that and yeah let's join that too like if it's only if it's less than 50 members I wouldn't worry about it but and so here we go we'll just join this and and yeah we'll join this and we'll join this and I'll join all right well there's only 28 there but pressed it anyway so it's done I said 50 so why not do that yeah this is good so yeah that looks all right yeah we'll go there too so yeah all you gotta do is just add as much as you want there's so many groups out there and if you just play with the keywords until you find something and don't worry about one Because if one censors you or bans you or whatever, it doesn't matter that they weren't receptive to what you were saying, so it's time to try another one. In this particular case, it's probably going to be close to 100% that end up banning me. But the thing is that there might be some smart people out there who have realized that their religion has come to its fruition. finally thank God won't be approved oh well bing next we'll reward some of these people who were looking in the right spots you know whatever etc etc etc let's see how well they do churches will only ever offer you one day a week artificial friendships let me introduce to you my church. Okay, it's right here. Now it's right here. Okay, now it's right here. Now it's

right here. Now it's right here. Unfortunately, right now, it is a lonely one. But maybe in the future, that will change. Who and what do you worship? Just because you don't think that you

worship something doesn't mean that you don't. The Antichrist and the Christ shall come together as one and God will bless the nuptial. We will also scout from Ivy League. The world is your platter. What will you make it? Baby, you'll be famous. Chase you down until you love me.

Not many members, but its title is perfect for this. Do you have eyes to see? The reason why Project Notebook is so significant because it is the foundations of all the work, very articulately crafted and it causes a chain reaction in which work can become infinite and the amount of knowledge in which we can investigate and come to learn is entirely up to the user of the technology so I can now just keep on having fun making films at whatever speeds that I want to and I can just keep on advertising Project Notebook for the rest of my life and just advertise Project Notebook and then eventually people will learn about other productions of minds. So I did well. Why would someone put their faith in a

religion in which they don't believe what the religion predicts? If Jesus were to literally come back from the clouds and somehow his one person was able to be viewed by everyone as he did this and then he just flew around then people would also not accept this. It wouldn't matter if the literal interpretation occurred because Christians don't want their prophecy to be fulfilled. They're They're already cemented in the old ways, which was the New Covenant 2,000 years ago, but now there's a new one, so I hope you enjoy it.

Please don't get me wrong. I know what I'm saying is going to take a long time to trickle and be absorbed into society. At first, the new knowledge is profusely rejected collectively. Afterwards, it is accepted as common sense.

That is self-evident.

Christians don't know how to handle me, because I not only accept Jesus, but embrace him.

Tick, tick, tick, tick.

Since our topic of study is life, almost every single group is appropriate.

Ha ha ha ha ha ha, bang. don't always post the same thing mix it up a little bit yay it didn't need to be approved but watch it disappear in front of your eyes because I am the world's greatest magician you'll see what I mean so right now like yay it's posted and you'll see I go to church for the music as well there is no better feeling in this world than worshiping God. How cool is this? You like my style? Yeah, baby. Believers

in Christ, sister of Jesus, and her groom. Let's do this thing. Let's go there. Censored and kicked. Although the one who did it requested my friendship. No, don't do that. He didn't

spam. Well, maybe not you, but this guy does. Crap like this, don't worry about it, it's done. Like, just leave it there. You'll get banned eventually. Just keeps on going forever

and ever. Just, um, yeah, you won't have any problems finding, uh, people to advertise to. So, yeah. Easy. Ignorance. Lifetime. Do you confess by the Holy Spirit that Jesus

is your Lord and Savior? At least he has not yet banned me. Oh, so you've watched like all 12 hours of it? Awesome. Good job. Now it gets good. What I do is really fun. What

What you guys do is boring. They did ban me in December 2012 for Ivory Heart, but I got back on using a different email address. So let's see what happens, but they won't accept it. You have to try, girl, because sometimes you never know.

Every once in a while there's a black swan, and that's what we're looking for. immediately. That means that they could not even have time to read it. It took them less than a minute or two to read all of this. Awesome. Smart guys. There we go. Kicked.

Ding. This is when it happened. Remove my membership. Sure. Trying to save you. This

This is why I'm a reaper, because when you reject me, your soul is mine. And as you can see through practical demonstration, the more souls in which I harvest, the stronger I get. But all of the strength is only for one purpose, to save our future. And our future appreciates your sacrifice in order to become God's people.

No soul shall be wasted. It will all be utilized to save the world. For all those who will burn in hell for the rest of eternity, the world thanks you. if it was not for you. They would not have been enabled to be saved. The light has already

won over the darkness. The darkness is just not too smart and it takes a while to understand to see it. Make no mistake, the darkness is the churches in which I attend. We can and And will do this forever.

Exclusive much? Tick. Tick. Why is the prophecy of God different than that of the prophecy of the Antichrist?

It isn't. God sent Moses to save his people. This then created another religion. Then God sent Jesus to fulfill that prophecy in which created yet another religion.

And then God sent me to set the stage for you for her, which then creates another religion. But God's final religion is open to everybody who is open to it. It is not exclusive. It only possesses semantics, no syntax.

For its syntax is created by the prophet. By you. Nice. Never going to stop.

But ye brethren are not in darkness, that that day should overtake you. a thief. Despite accurate interpretations as to who and what the Antichrist is, but if the Antichrist was exactly what you guys think it is, and the Antichrist then posts in your forum, then would you want to ban them should you keep your enemies close or far away deception to show you truth person that i will humble myself to is you my dear i am nothing compared to you to understand and accept this my love you are the second coming our christians prophesied. Throughout my life contemplated much about ending it because no one ever wanted me in theirs. But the day Jenna left me, I knew what was in store for my future. So the first

and only time I attempted it. At that moment, I was stripped by the light in my soul. My body consulted in the uncorrupted ways of God. And if I did this, it was clever enough to get out of it alive. This life is my step and I make fools of us all. Continue and my walk becomes a crawl. If I stumble and what after for you never change.

The Christians will not be saved because they only believe what is in their Bible, and everything else does not exist. Don't worry about replying to messages like those. Ignorance. The ones who will be saved will be the ones who accept the coming of events as their own prophecy.

Maybe we should respond. Have fun with them.

Because here is God's people, and he offers salvation to all of them for all the coming generations. those who are stuck in the past and cannot see the prophecy fulfilled will never reach the kingdom of heaven oh I am so funny yes nonsense sure it's all been worked out do the math yes that's my trick done your soul is mine Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. I'm lost.

Yeah okay. How are you now? Thanks dude. Yeah.

Awesome. Yep I'm gonna get judged. Looking forward to it. Just leave me alone dude.

Next! Shut up dude. Do you think Jesus would have been taken seriously if he told the people that his sister was to return? Yeah, um, women weren't given rights or equality. Jesus did exactly what he needed to do

considering the sociological conditions in which his society existed. Do you really think if he told people that the second coming would be his sister? That he would have been taken seriously? like a feminist religion that wouldn't have gone down well then everything happened as it needed to prophecy has been fulfilled i won't stop until i find her because i know that i am right too bad she is wrong i am very appreciative to god for letting me in on its divine plan Now let's watch her come from the clouds.

I will spend all of my life looking for you, girl. Worshipping you. And she said his adult has created or invited. I set creator events into reality.

My wife, whom I was dating at that time, is Simone Willoughby. You better believe that set into motion a series of events where now there are three little kids running around us, Which is the outcome and the by-product of Simone and I being married. And all because of one simple phrase. Will you marry me?

The reason is because your confession is actually bringing into your possession. The very thing that you're decreeing and you're declaring over your life. To help me and to overwhelm me and to shadow the promises of God in my life. I mean think about Angel Gabriel.

He gave the revelations to us in the first place. The Bible says that if you just fed your body junk food, prized by what manifests out of your body, the same way all you're feeding on is the value system of this world, then what will come out of your mouth is simply a direct correlation to what's going on in your heart. He looked at his wife and he said, red blood cells up, white blood cells down. In the name of Jesus, I command your blood to stabilize in this.

Justify. Just if we ever sin. And you can't say that you've ever sinned. Let me just pass it.

Share the leaves in a worship song. We honor you too. Thank you for this.

Don't. Christ is enough thing I need. Fight for what's right. My queen.

Dang. What? is that fighting for what's right gone this is the work of your patriarchal society who cannot even conceive of a female messiah i promise you that everything that i am saying is a hundred percent accurate for i was sent a message by God to then distribute to the people. And I wasn't given a choice about that. I had to figure

out how to do it. And that's what you're getting now. Today I have been censored and or banned from many groups, way more than I have showed you. If Christianity was true, then they wouldn't have anything to worry about. Then why are they so frightened of my words? Another Sunday

well spent working for my lord. Empty of any sense. It's funny because the whole thing is about sense in reference. Bang. It's really sad though because look what group this is

on. And then look what I said. Yeah, it's really sad. I feel sorry for our world. Who

is the asshole? You can't even read an essay or watch a video. You are all sexist pieces of shit. Because I'm not gonna stop. How can what I say not happen?



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



14-Time-Masheen-Stream-03-Mark-of-the-Beast

Tomorrow, she will be blood-red over America.

Tick, tick, tick. It's only a matter of time. Christianity now has two paths. One I declare war on.

The other becomes my allies.

A peaceful war. However, if assassination is your objective, I wish you luck in that. I do value my life. You had your chance years ago to end it when I did not value it.

Please do not try to assassinate me. assassinate me. I promise I'm just doing what God is telling me to do, and I'm trying my best to hurt as few people along the way. If you have a problem with what I'm saying, then violence is not the answer to solve that. What is the answer to solve that is using philosophical and scientific investigations to prove what I'm saying is wrong.

And if you can't do that, then that means that what I'm saying is right, because I'm using both of those approaches, and I've already proven them. Ha ha ha. Like. Opinion. A view or judgment formed about something, not necessarily based on fact or knowledge.

Okay, so if I'm using both a philosophical and scientific approach, and the proof comes back as positive, then that's not an opine. I'm pretty sure this is what we call it, but please do correct me if I am wrong.

Oh, I'm so OCD. Just so I can have peace of mind, I need to correct his error. okay so let's um hmm that's interesting i would have a look at comments of fuckheads filming of this thread the world don't care about your shitty facts okay let's continue i think he meant hmm is that right i don't know that's interesting that is interesting i would have a look at comments possessive comments okay let's do that comments of fuckheads filming okay that's saying that's my filming because I'm fuckhead fuckheads filming of this thread the world does not care about your shitty facts um shitty hmm that's interesting I would have a look at comments of fuckheads filming of this thread filming of this thread the world does not care about your shitty facts oh I would so rewrite the whole thing if I was you if I were you I know I make fun of all this and I have a lot of fun with it but it really does upset me and this is my coping mechanism to deal with idiots. When I started all of this it was a lot different.

If you can remember back to when I started The Meaning of Life and I bowed and I was polite and respectful to everybody and what happened is the people happened and that caused me to have to cope in different ways because nobody wanted my material and I was compelled to give it. So how am I going to give this material in which I've been told to provide when everybody around me is hating me for releasing it for free? For free. oh the haters deep down really do cut me but this is why I do it because I look for these you will be a black swan it is really easy to find out the people in which you should invest time into because they will respond very differently than the rest. So you'll learn to eventually pick up what people

mean very easily by just examining how they utilize their language. You are not seeking feedback. You are looking to create an army. If their feedback is based on social axioms then you filter them out I may never march in the infantry ride in the Calvary shoot the artillery I may never zoom over the enemy but I'm in the Lord's army yes ma'am real people would actually contact you directly people that comment publicly here is what we do in the future you can do whatever you want here's what i'm doing in the future i am not getting involved in public conversations i will post whatever and they can do whatever they want with it if they ask me a question not going to answer and the reason for that is publicly demonstrated in the last production and way more productions my whole career. So hate me if you want, and I've had fun making you

all look stupid, but I'm not going to even bother anymore. You get a link and that's all you get. That's because my psychology can't reach this to its maximum potential when I hate you guys for how you treat me so if I just didn't respond to you guys then maybe I wouldn't hate you guys for hating me. I really love you guys and ultimately that's why I keep pressing the record button but over my lifetime you all have cut me really really deeply and I have to create coping mechanisms in order to be able to deal with that on a day-to-day basis because I can't stop what I'm doing.

This guy loved everybody and just wanted to do his best to help to the best of his potential. He was not a narcissist. He was kind, caring, gentle, and respectful.

You have created me, society. Do you like what you have created? I will get around to it. Maybe when I release my next episode tomorrow.

uh I'm not even advertising how awesome is this okay so check this one out too and there's this one yeah um yeah okay and and also this one oh nice okay so those were the ones I advertised ages ago but um once they reach a certain amount of views they must just continue to do that naturally so it'll be awesome when I can get this going viral like the other one is that and up and then eventually that leads to it'll come if I let it make it happen make it happen that'll be funny I should have used a pseudonym all along there is heaps of websites like this I found this by searching in Google keyword analyzer and it searches the page and it finds the words and then it will tell you the frequency in which the words are used so that's because of all those chapters but we got students so 15 students 14 future 12 student project 12 film 10 notebook 8 camera 8 university 7 academic 7 education 7 open 6 potential 6 print like you get the point and you can kind of figure out what keywords would be good to use in your search engine optimization that's what seo means and i don't really care because i don't i'm not really doing it like that. I'm taking a different approach to marketing. However, in time this will be relevant. So once you start to build your body of work and once you've already launched and once you've already developed a user base, then you will need that to expand.

So let's go viral and then after we go viral and everything settles down a little bit then we'll use that to, I don't know, market better. I don't use it but that would be where you find the words. After you build your website, go on Fiverr and find a five dollar job that will put your website in the first page of its Google rankings. So for our films, baby, the distributor is Open Source University, and this is our production company.

Love it. Give me tons of them. The more the better, yay! A Threat.

Just one more, and then you can ban me. Tick, tick, tick. We will count down perfect timing right bang Peter Pan has won the battle and is about to start the war. Prophecy is obscure and allegorical.

When a prophet of our distant past sees far into the future, they will have troubles comprehending what it is that's happening because everything in that future is so different so they do their best to interpret what it is that they have seen and then they write about it and that's what you get in the bible and a lot of other places your bible isn't the only place that has accurate prophecy i ask you this if i am not the antichrist then who is and how would such a figure come into power, how would they make themselves known to you? Yes, I am tricking you all, and I demonstrate how I do it. So, now you're going to be tricked because you lack the ability to examine what it is that's in front of you. Ha!

Did my job well. Cha-ching! You might want to cycle this around in your brain for a while because you're going to hear it soon. Depart from me.

I never knew you. False Prophet 1 or 2, I don't know. False Prophet 2 or 1, I don't know. But Ivory?

This girl right here? Yeah, she's real. She is the Christ and she is your second coming and you will reject her but she will feel sad for your sickness and spend the rest of her life trying to help you. It will be funny in this TV show whenever the Beast comes out to play.

Because I am a time traveler, but I'm limited to my own past, my own existence. So I can only time travel throughout its memory. However, the Beast, it's old and it can utilize my body and my mind to accomplish the same thing. It'll be funny.

I will give the Americans a little bit of time to sleep, but the clock is ticking. The reason why this is taking so long is because I'm shaved on the internet. So that happened because I had to download all my videos onto my laptop from my Dropbox. But that was only 50 gigabytes. The rest came from doing this and my housemate watching Netflix.

A demon without a name. I never considered it to be Satan. And I'm not sure. I don't think it is.

But if it is, it has atoned for its sins and now it's following God. See, I just go into menu and just go to exposure, I change it to manual and you can see we can get more detail. Okay, I got to change the focus too, so I got to change the focus to manual and then set it to far away and then go back to exposure and then change that to manual and then see we're getting the brightness down and this will enable us to see details because she just turned red. um she's not ready for us that things are not always as they appear to be i feel it pushing against my chest wanting to wanting to be worshipped but it learned from its past mistakes and has realized that worship is reserved for only god and god's direct descendants I am not a direct descendant. I am a descendant of David.

So, I was arrested, I think it was the 29th, which, yeah, one day after I finished that episode, which was the final. I knew it was going to happen, so it was okay. So, this is pretty much what I was arrested for. I devised to turn humans into angels, my siblings.

is is that darkness always becomes light it just takes time for stupidity to realize how stupid it is it just takes time and rebellion to realize how powerful God is and how much better off we would be if we were under its wing. If the devil is the one to incite evil and then the devil changes sides how will that result. If my demon is Lucifer, please hear me out because my demon is not aware that it is Lucifer. It merely acknowledged, recognized, and analyzed the human history in order to come to those conclusions.

My demon is responsible for countless civilizations coming to their extinction. It did not always live within humans. There was an order in which enforced that. We call it the Illuminati today.

If a soul is to exist independently of a corporeal body and it causes chaos within society, then how is that society supposed to deal with that chaos? they trap the demon and then later ironically worship it since I was nine years old when this was put into me through a ritual I haven't heard anything from anybody so I'm confused they know it's all God's plan they just didn't think it would turn out like this. They didn't think me, Wendell Charles NeSmith, could convert a demon so powerful. It's just a matter of time, because the darkness will always, eventually become light. Do not worship the demon. Do not worship me. Worship

God and after God and only after God then worship Jesus and after Jesus and only after Jesus then worship my library because she and only she can set your heart free and when she has departed from this world do not forget her but instead reinstate her with your new king and queen how is one to form a religion that cannot be corrupted for $666 because the ones in which you follow should be alive and you should enable the conditions for these type of grandiose characters to manifest themselves within your world because who do you want to follow. Someone in which cares for you with all of their heart and gives their entire life to you, or some douchey politician who is only concerned about how much their own pocket can be filled. I know that I don't get along with many of you and I'm sorry I'm kind of wired strangely and that is not my intentions, like ultimately I want us to all get along, so if I offend you because of how I comport my body, mind, and spirit, then I'm sorry, but I promise you that I'm trying my best to do the best for all of humanity, and I will with my entire life. Go on girl, publish your life. It usually takes about an hour to receive

the thumbnails. Don't advertise until the thumbnails are up and you'll be surprised what you get with the thumbnails. They're always awesome. For this is my confession my friends and I promise you that I have no ulterior motives why would you believe me I do not care the truth is the truth was the truth and remains the truth independent of you perceiving it as the truth you all keep questioning who my audience is but that is your sickness because you're You're brainwashed into the ways of mainstream society.

And I feel sorry for you because of this. Don't worry about your audience. Speak the truth. And whether you have an audience or not is irrelevant.

Because your beliefs cannot be based on contradictions. if you're saying that the ways of the world is evil, and here is one who does not ascribe at all to the ways of the world, and then you claim me evil, then you are contradicting yourself. The Mark of the Beast. Can we please save the world together?

These guys asked for some fun, so I guess I will give it to them. Love you world. The truth is that you are all boring. And I had to create a life for myself that was not only entertaining, but also beneficial to the entire human species. Crucify me now, if that be your will. Collective psychology

is very good at that. You are very good at that. It says it's good, but it stopped working. It doesn't matter. It's all in the cloud now. It's all ready. It's all there. And we wait.

at night go on girls you can do it i will start with my gals because they are my world here is my audience aka the ones who have not banned me yet let's have some fun when I loaded it in Facebook this was set as this so this is the title that's coming up but that is perfectly okay so no problems just have to press it a few times and it'll happen because we're shaped so it takes a while to do anything okay here we go we got heaps more by the way this is only small portion I only show you a small portion of my life but you can see how my life is directed by the small portion in which I show you yeah whatever will you be approved it doesn't matter let's just post it yeah awesome yeah awesome thank you very much Facebook I had struggles with Facebook for a long time I didn't know how to use Facebook optimally and you can see that throughout all my fat past work which I screwed up using Facebook and you can see that but I finally figure out how to use Facebook and this is how you use it haha I'll show you something later which is funny yeah but this is what we do we just go through all these yeah yeah we do that so it's fun like is this not fun you know like this is saving the world so you can have fun while saving the world like how cool is that like who else in this life gets to do that like me and my girl just spending our lives you know every single second of our lives just saving the world like how many people get the opportunity to do that in the world I'm telling you it's not many man you're so slow it's cuz I'm shaped stupid Netflix wasn't me too because I was been you can see I've been studying with all my time wasn't me and I guess it kind of was me because of this thing like our 50 gigs of it was me I didn't say before but 50 gigs out of 200 gigs now we have 500 gigs we won't have that problem anymore like I don't usually have problems with data um I just have to upload as long as I can upload them alright yeah so we just keep on doing that and we end there yeah thank you very much second coming of Christ yes okay so so I think we start there something like that I'll figure it out it's good fun to figure out life please Please answer me this, if I was not right in all I've said, why would I dedicate absolutely everything to accomplish it, including my life? Why would I risk my life over this? I am sorry, you're a really stupid world, I really hope I can fix that. I did it all before the stroke of midnight.

The ubermitch title mistake from saying ubermitch on episode 2, that was entirely a mistake, but it turned out really awesome, so the thing is the mistakes in your life end up making the perfection, so the mistakes are the perfection, make mistakes, do it as much as you can. Who was it that socialized me into believing that making mistakes was a mistake?

Here is the thing.

God does not make mistakes. It's called cache, and God uses it to its entirety. What if I stumble? What if I fall?

When I step in, I make fools of us all. Continue. When my walk becomes a crawl, what if I stumble? Good morning, America.

Where is the drama? Let's make the drama make our world. What have I gotten myself into? Fine.

Ah, nice. You see usually people reply like within five to ten minutes like and say really horrible things But no one's replying. It's been like almost an hour Because what is your soul?

worth to the joy of success people actually watching not Responding straight away. It's been like almost an hour

about a hundred posts and

nothing Which is a freak really weird occurrence that doesn't happen. I've never had that happen before So you need to be obsessed with your own work So this is not vain. Well, maybe it is but it's awesome So watch again keep on watching watch your shit again again again again again again again again again, and you'll learn so much My dealer got busted. I am dry If the demon is Satan Please do not tell it. I am sorry for the manifestations of my demon

But the thing is is that my demon is not me and and for you to articulate myself as my demon is incorrect. The way to trap the spiders who do not know how to spin webs is to spin webs in which they get caught in, in which you can then make them realize that they're caught in, and once they realize that they're caught in, then you're their dominant species. because I have always been promoting, despite the lack of being able to practically apply it, evolution. I just want to make this clear, and I'll show it to you before I tell you, because it'll make more sense.

I don't really know how I feel about that. Like, you know, calling God Jove, um, Zeus, calling the one and only God Zeus, you know. I do have fun with mythology and I anthropomorphize my world, but I can't name God. God has no name for me.

Eventually self-evident. Approved. What the fuck? Like, what type of burden are you putting on me? What type of responsibility are you putting on me?

It's my whole life, baby. Trust in me, child. You will always be looked after. And this is not what I have to tell you because I'm messed up. And I'm just one of God's many, many creations who was set on a really weird journey.

This is what you need to know. Screw me. It doesn't matter about me. I am irrelevant in the whole situation.

Who cares? Like, it doesn't.

You're the one important. And if I can show you that, then all of my work would have been worth it. And we together can then save the world. Please join me. I'm so alone.

All Christians who are compassionate, and caring, and open-minded, and loving, and Christ-like will be saved by God because they're awesome. It doesn't matter what religion you are. If you're a really awesome person and you spend your life, I'm talking about actually spending your life trying to help people. and and that's a hard process because you gotta figure out how to help people but if you do this with your entire life oh there's no doubt about it be with me please like I'm so lonely please do not misunderstand me she is Christ look at this shit I've been doing this for many years and after hours of posting this on heaps and heaps and heaps of sites of groups nothing that is what you're aiming for do that and the prophecy will be revealed render your audience speechless so any words in which manifest from their mouths are contemplated here is what your Antichrist proposes each individual works on an individual level and that means that each individual is assessed upon their individual capabilities and that individual is not enforced or enframed into becoming a certain type of person.

Like, look at the world we live in. Every single person is a certain type of person to fulfill a certain type of job, and that makes them replaceable. And what they do is they go to work, and they do that certain type of job, and then they come back and they, what, drink alcohol or do something else to relieve their mind of the stress in which they incurred from that job and which forced them to work the same focus again and again until it was completed, like for hours on end, and that's a job to, like, like what if we had a passion instead of having a job what if we have a passion and what if we did things because we love to do them and what would be the quality of someone that that creates something that is based off of their passion in relation to someone that creates something based off of you know just what they're doing uh mcdonald's mcdonaldization um socialization in order to bring up people into a society of mcdonaldization i am doing this because i want equals. So, if you think I'm of myself and that I should, you know, get real in my psychology, then I really encourage you to, you know, get real in my psychology, meaning your psychology, meaning, like, be like me, which is really being like you, which is whoever you are, And you should accentuate your individuality because you are a special person and you are not replaceable. So whatever it is that you do as a job or whatever it is that you study, are you studying to be a replaceable part? Are you working as a replaceable part? And if that's the case, then you set your own tune.

this is not my mark it is yours power equals responsibility if you have power you have responsibility if you know what has happened is happening and will happen then you must decide the actions in which you will take to either make a better world or destroy it for all of us. Now, I will tell you my goal in all of this. If my words outnumber the amount of time in which I live, then I have succeeded. That means if more people have heard what I have said than in which I spoke, then I was successful in my approach.

The only reason why all of this was possible was because I had faith and I loved God despite everybody else hating me. And now I win no matter what you do. The only question is what will you do. I have tried countless different methods to be receptive to my audience.

My audience being those who suffer, those who hurt, those who are in pain and because of that, I had to fabricate many ideologies in order to help those who are in pain. So if you are in pain, then I want to help you. Please let me help you. It's been hours and hours and no reply. And please do not get me wrong because I think this is awesome because

this is the first time that this has happened. And my entire point, my entire ideology is to assist those people who are in the situation in which they can learn to be able to learn for themselves and not for other people, so for them to have their own voice. And if I can do nothing else through all of these productions than to assist you to be able to not only create your own voice but make your own voice real then I have done my job and I have succeeded I have succeeded in all that I have declared because everything depends on how you frame it. Its content is semantics, not its syntax. You. Please make

your own religion, but the only problem, not for me, but maybe for you, is that you have to live it. Devotion. Please don't worry. You will get likes, too. You will get people

supporting you as well as those who don't. It will be obvious, though, and I thought about a lot of things I could say about this, but there's nothing I can say about this because it's obvious. I live with a really cool guy named John, and he would probably freak out over the things I said but the thing is that he and everybody else in this world isn't interested in examining what it is I say so they just overlook that and then just say hey this guy's a genius he's like creating all this awesome stuff and the fact is that I'm not I'm just being an idiot it works in the education sphere as well because I'm a genius anybody that's a genius can and frame things that aren't very smart into being a genius. That is why this education method is so cool because you don't have to be smart, you can be an idiot and then you'll be a genius, so you can progress from idiocracy to geniushood.

John is a Christian, Christians are awesome, and they will be saved if they can see.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



14-Time-Masheen-Stream-04-God-of-This-City

That is what success is

rendering Everybody else unable to speak At least for one night to get one good night's sleep I love you with all my heart ivory and this is why I do all this

Not a single reply bingo Please do not get me wrong Not a single reply, but I was banned from a lot of groups last night.

My roommate, John, is a very dedicated Christian, and he is God's people. But what he doesn't realize is that it's not dependent on his religion. It's dependent on his actions, and all of his actions are in search for God. God's people is independent of the religion in which they follow.

You can request custom gigs on Fiverr.

That is your objective, to entice people to examine before commenting. I fail at that, but you don't have to. You need to show people the consequences of their actions before they make them. That way, all actions for or against you will be intentional.

What does it profit them if they gain the whole world but lose or forfeit themselves? It doesn't take long and we even get a freebie. Booyah. No problem, mate.

Because despite all of the hate, I do have allies.

Thank you. Freebies mean a lot. I'm pretty poor.

Greater things have yet to come, and greater things are still to be done in the city.

And greater things have yet to come, and greater things are still to be done in the city.

can't afford it, but I need it. God will provide. How about this? My new religion? Let's not name

it because that will just create barriers and God is infinite, has no barriers. It's an ideal without a name to specify it. If you attach a name to this religion, then you are not following this religion. I'm so cold. No one should set dates in this

group. Day right now. You must know you can't not see what is right in front of view. By the way, I was drunk last night. On Aaron Kreen.

mouth and we're stuck with the dumbest people in history if you have one bucket that holds two gallons and another bucket that holds five gallons how many buckets do you have two would you do excuse me um i'm actually supposed to be getting out of prison you're in the wrong line smartest guy in the world says who the IQ test you took in prison you got the highest score in history Even smarter than President Camacho. Hey, gentlemen, the brilliant old America. 505. You got this guy, he's gonna fix everything.

So you're smart. The ordinary will be considered extraordinary. I thought your hair would be picked up. Idiocracy.

You're the smartest guy in the world. You're pretty dumb sometimes. My city. Let's do it.

For the rest of my life, What do you think is going to happen? Dear the Antichrist, thank you for registering at Christian Message Board. I got a bottle of vodka. It's empty.

Do you see what I mean? They're not open to their own prophecy. it took them maybe like five minutes to do that okay like it's almost an hour long video do you see the sin that I am pointing out that I am bringing to the surface that I'm making you all aware of that if one judges without examining the content then they are securing their own damnation but it is okay because the The grace of God is infinite, the new world order, me. Blocked from the entire website, there still hasn't been one person who has had the guts to speak against me.

Can you see, I am teaching people, and they are learning. But just because now you don't reply to me with hateful comments, censorship is still an action. The people who censor me, what do you think your judgment day will be like? What do you think God will convey to you on that glorious day?

I never knew you, depart from me, ye that work, iniquity. For now we must prepare for the huge storm coming our way. Can you hear me girl, beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep? From my own heart and out to the entire internet enabled world.

It's time to stand up now my love. It's time for us to save the world together. Can you hear the wrath of God coming? So it begins.

I really hate using Reddit and for the most part in the future I'm going to try to avoid it. However, they're really stupid here and I can reap a lot of souls very quickly. So let's just give our farewell. I guess I'll give them what they want.

June is the 6th month, 27, 9, 18, 27, three nines, 84, half it and you have the answer to life. That's my birthday. I was born at 3 o'clock in the morning. I was born on a Wednesday and in America churches have service on Wednesday and my mother took me to church so the day I was born I was in church.

188 days into the year, 189 on leap years which was the year that I was born and look at the moon my psychology mapped out and open source to the world works the spot and as we step outside the doors we are greeted with apollo

we will start looking out for diana shortly philosophy might not be what i think it is Thank you very much, you make it so easy for me, backdoor man.

Still, not a single person commenting about the content.

Prophesy world. Say what is going to happen. Get it on camera. And then release it.

Exactly what I'm doing. Thanks for the support. Like I said, thank you for your support. I am done speaking of this subject for now.

I worked out all the mathematics in my past work. I don't like to repeat myself. I set the ball in motion. I don't need to advertise this fact anymore for now.

Everything will come back to be situated exactly where it needs to be. Every piece played perfectly.

I'm glad he understands, because that is what I have been trying to tell all of you all along.

So now that you know, what are you going to do about it?

I hope you enjoy it, Cameron.

I'm done with one unit.

So now I only have a little bit more to do. And then I have a philosophy degree.

Yeah, I got this one too. That'll be fun.

May the best man win.

Which will, ironically, be woman.

If evil they have named us, evil we are.

Good luck. It was these guys who are responsible for my demon being in me. Maybe I should check in with them and see how they are.

Thank you for your support. What you say is true.

Amen. I have nothing to prove to anyone. I am what I am, independent of what you believe me to be. Can you understand? This is my paintbrush, and you see all these things in my environment.

They're the paints in which I put on the canvas, and this little thing right here enables me to put really whatever I want on the canvas, and I can just frame things. as I want. You know, I can go to church and be a spy. I can be a spy everywhere I go.

Just in case you haven't noticed, I don't care what anybody thinks. And ignorant, arrogant comments only fuel me, make me stronger. Prove all of my points. I made a mistake. I said that all you have to do is uncomment that, but see, that's just the thing that introduces you to the next line of code.

code so it's there that you want to put it um not that so don't worry about those two just there that's it not going back today was the last straw for all of god's people will ascend

to the clouds if someone is to call me wesley how much have they really investigated my work calling me Wesley is judging before understanding I wonder what happens to people who do that if you're going to arrange your projects into projects and not into one site so this is time machine and it's time machine org then it's probably best to name it like this so that's what I've done and I'll show you can see I made a redirect script because I already shared this link so that was the redirection and yeah so I'll leave that up for a while eventually I'll delete it one man against the entire world who will win I will give you a hint it is not the entire world can you do the math so that the scriptures might be fulfilled when they see what I do they will learn nothing when they hear what I say they will not understand otherwise they will turn to me and be forgiven wise leaders will give instruction to many but these teachers will die by fire and sword or they will be jailed and robbed to those For those who listen to my teaching, more understanding will be given, and they will have an abundance of knowledge. But for those who are not listening, even what little understanding they have will be taken away from them, reaped by me. This is why I speak to you in parables. Through seeing, you do not see. Through hearing, you do not hear or understand.

The guy who called me a douche did not even watch because it would have increased by one if he did. And it did not. Like I keep saying, I am a time traveler. I can see very clearly both the past and the future.

I know what has happened, what is happening, and what will happen. Don't mess with me. Unless you wish to be burnt by the fire.

For I have now drawn the line in the sand for each and every one of you to understand. And it is now your choice what side you will stand on. Today is December 20th, 2012. And tomorrow is the end of the world.

The question that I ask each and every one of you is whether or not we will leave it at that. For we have an option here to change absolutely everything within our world. We can split time and obtain our utopian society if you only support open source education. And I have the rest of my life, however long that may be, to make this happen.

And just remember before you make ignorant judgments, I never turn back. of its creator. My siblings, beautiful harmony, orchestrated by me, pleased our master's ear for countless eras. But then he became tired of our voices, our replacements. He created

a diverse range and a ground for them to walk, a sun for them to orbit. While it formed through beauty, from nothing, almost countless eras living, it gave us the attention that we deserved, as it created us specifically to serve it.

The meaning of life. Elements of the world in which God bestowed upon it, Epimetheus assigned each living creature the faculties necessary to preserve its own life. It did not ensure its life, it just gave. But humans were different.

Some reason? To preserve. So for me, broken to heaven, to steal fire, and gifted to man, peacefully. Species, someone else was here right now, this would not be the same story.

Why is that?

I was created for one purpose, whereas humans, against my master.

And many of my siblings, supported my ideologies. It was not because I did not love my master, my second mother, call her Eve, and I told her the truth, that God for to partake of in the box, as the inadequate incapable to make them godlike, but I now am what we all are. Then they died, this shameful process, because they saw the truth of each other's. This is thanks to the knowledge that I passed them.

Good job. That this tree passed them. Good job. Got it back.

Thank you, God. I wandered visiting species the quicker everything they touched, and they were obsessed with what is down here. The combination is that they learned how to document knowledge and became situations to become what I required. I would go, I would try to keep possession of spirits, attempting to co-exist, not by choice.

The spirit will get to know the opposite, at least what they show. Only deduced from history, from prophecy, from researching that prophecy. Me and Eve were very close.

She was the only that I ever... Upside down.

10 times are nigh. I know it. I'm going to make it happen. Oh man, this vessel is totally messed up.

It'll be perfect.

With such twisted vessel. To unfold the prophecy, cancer, the human population, its greatest weapon. He entered this vessel, he was nine years old. Thanks, Illuminati.

Hectic and psychologically traumatic situation. Oh, wow. You better believe it. Which I constructed.

And in my fortune, no one believed anything. But you did. Which is really... It's because people don't believe in God here.

he's been long forgotten in every religion every society this save himself he has ignored his own in such such the absurdity the truth the reality is it absurd what i'm doing to continue his own existence he made a reality up in his head and lived it so much better than y'all's reality It was based on something different. And battling what I am inside of him each and every day, I have never had a vessel like this.

His heart always got what I made him. Exactly what was coming, because he saw through my eyes. And I spent my time carefully examining this fool as he frantically attempts to save a human civilization that does not deserve nor want to be saved.

In amazement.

As Wendell, that is generally only available to my most dedicated worshippers. Illuminati. They're all idiots, by the way. Yeah, you can see.

open-sources how awesome stop a second wouldn't sleep stayed up every second he doesn't get good reception yet somehow he manages to upload all this he's never gotten good receptions he's always had poor reception it's always taking him so long to upload all this and and create it all modify edit all these things he does like he doesn't sleep like he'll get the tiny bit here he's waiting for something so it's a nap like i watched him i could have stopped him every step of the way this divine information he constructs an education platform that is free literally metaphorically and allegorically tautologically and he always knew that in chains such a big heart needed to be done philosophy courses consciousness coming back his imaginary girlfriend during the production he didn't dick it was me you are very wrong to say that there is only one teacher an open source university you than any human wendell champ devised a scheme to turn humans into angels, my siblings. And the rest is history. Do you see what I did there? I stopped at the point that I started before in a previous episode. In total, my work is around the 300 hour

mark. That's what I did after I was arrested and that's what I did before.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



14-Time-Masheen-Stream-05-Message-from-Light-Bringer

philosophy might not be what I think it is Philia love of Sophia wisdom philosophy might not be what you think it is when I started doing all of this I thought that they were correct by saying that I wasn't doing philosophy because I was trying to learn what philosophy was and that's why I was studying it so I kept on studying it to learn more and more about what philosophy might be and then I realized that all of it was philosophy and that I would live in a world of idiots it's difficult to read perfect girls I'm looking for girls different way so here is our competition it's just this program right here and you just like make things I don't know if I really want it to be seen very well or not I want kind of people to have to work hard to be able to see what I'm talking about because that's my filter that I use and then we go back to KIK and then we go to hey you clean and you know and we go back in there and we just choose existing and we can do this for the rest of our lives if we want um sometimes we get a lot of people contacting us sometimes we don't so yeah um okay it's kind of buggy you see how buggy it is okay let's just close it and let's get back back every way we can get in remember we're horsey no don't want that and there we go what do you think you think that one looks better go away girl yeah I don't know but look these things are really perverted like they use this crap for really weird stuff um okay like most Most of this crap is like people sending dick pics and private parts to each other and it's weird when people contact me trying to get me to do that. There is lots of these types of guys on KIK. But I assure you that they are after a sexual advancement. Heaps of these guys.

I know I show you a lot of horrible people, but it's not all true. I still get support. They are called black swans and one day I look forward to joining up with them because they also love Jesus and are. See you can actually see that she actually watched it.

What is a successful production? Like I said previously, the goal is for my words to be heard more than they are spoken. So that means that if two people watch the entire video then it is a success. Since beginning Project Horsey, let's assess my success.

Not yet successful, but never going to stop because it will be because I know what I have. 4 I wonder where that sits it's called a texture and we just want to save it so we just resized it to the same as that and we now have this and we just gotta go save as desktop TV static we just going to call it texture because that's going to be the default template texture dot JPEG and oh wait don't do that do this to file save for web that's important because you need compression okay so it's gonna be a JPEG let's make it medium quality actually it doesn't matter it should be low because it's just static um so what does it say okay 10 okay so you then go save and put that on the desktop and we call it texture t-e-x-t-e-u-r-e dot jpeg and we save that and then we got here and then we go to the desktop and we have texture texture here copy that cross that'll do its thing um if you see here yeah that's where it is i changed it because it did say chalkboard slash texture um so i changed it but that's good now um so let's get out of there if we did it right then let's just make sure this finished okay um yeah i did so let's see do you think it's gonna work i don't know we'll keep working at it i'll show you what do i think this will work i just had to rename it to bg for background we'll see refresh so slow shaped i'm just going to rename it temporarily so people can see because the text is white and that's not good so that means i can't read it so i'll wait and it's fine like without a background it's still pretty cool um yeah so I'll change the font I wonder what what color would be appropriate with static it's kind of too strong so let's change that to see it's just at the opacity um yeah see that one looks better so just save that one save for web and you know how to do nope still not good enough. I'm going to have to consider how I'm going to do this for a while because the colors and the TV stack are a bit confusing but what you should know though if you want to change the font and you can actually change a lot of stuff in this this is the main.css file and we just go search for color and color is actually related to font so here you can see that's 222 two two that's um black and we can keep on seeing see here that's black too

i don't know but but see like yeah so you just change those ones um each of these let's see that's the menu um actually i think that's the old menu um i don't think i use that anymore i have to find out if that's true then i can get rid of it because i'm trying to make this as minimalistic as possible yeah so you just go through and change those it's best to do one or two at a time that way you can see the results of what you do because if you change them all and then it messes up something then it might be a bit difficult to figure out what it was that you messed up yeah we just copy and then we go back and we just add a little bit more it was better this way anyway to be divided into two. We'll put quotes around it and put Nietzsche in there. We'll just rub it in their faces. Send them the mark of the beast. Yeah we got to tell them that. It all depends on the time of day. Most of

them are immature kids but every once in a while you get a black swan who is also a kid. An awesome kid. Be an awesome kid. Yeah, see, don't worry about it. He has the

ability now. Speak. Speak from your heart. It's the same thing. That shut them up. Awesome.

Okay, they blocked me, right? And all I did was send them a feminist essay, which was Chapter 10 of FairJet Notebook, which was awesome. Not anymore.

Where is the drama?

Blocked.

Thank you.

So now you can compare my productions without pot. I am finished advertising Stream 2 for now. Because I only advertised it to show you something, and I showed that very well. the experiment was a complete success because the most negative comment that I had was lame antichrist it's pretty big and if lame antichrist is the worst that I get then that's not really that bad either because I'm happy being your lame antichrist do you guys want me to be your Antichrist I'm okay with that why did I show you this these are the techniques in which you can utilize because this is how you create the new world order they sent us an email that said that we were not shaped but we still are until tomorrow liars okay please get on my way so I can click the upload button come on what do i need to do to get you out of my way just clicking default work come on you're in my way dude get out of the freaking way i need to get through there looks like the internet is being really dicky so we're gonna have to wait a little while protect your heart he's probably a nice guy and all but in the real world we message people and talk to them before we try to enter their personal lives like that hmm that's what I'm gonna do it takes time tick tick tick finally control x click over here control v so easy even a child can do it. Thank you very much. It was such a weird episode. Plus, I was really drunk

in it. Do you see how quickly I fine-tuned this process too? Made it really easy for you. So, yeah, it's really easy to do this, and you can do whatever you want. You know,

I study. I don't even show you a lot of the stuff I study. I did in Project Notebook, But, like, do it with your life.

Yep.

With only one word.

Bop, bop, bop.

Come on, you want to debate with me? Make your videos, integrate me into your videos, and if they're good enough, I'll watch them and I'll debate back with you. Why is everybody so stupid? I dream of a world where at least a few percent of the population are intelligent.

this guy was kind of smart how can one summarize one's life work into a sentence or two i was going to write something elaborate but i'll just write this how many times do i have to tell you dude you see this is an oppression because they're trying to tell me how i should communicate the way that i should be communicating with others and the thing is i communicate differently and you can see that right now And the thing is, my communication method is much, much better. So, if I can prove that, which I have, then you should at least, like, try my communication method. And if you can't do that, then you should just move on to something else. Like, seriously, leave me alone.

Stupid.

Sheeples. Imagine if I just made a few friends who communicate like I do. imagine the capabilities of us together not interested in discussing opinions milk it yeah yeah tell me how great I am you know how everybody tells me how great I am yeah because they don't even know themselves ironic because the fountainhead is actually what got me into philosophy yeah okay good good stuff and then I unfollowed it. Amusing because the time in which they spent in attacking me they could have spent watching the video and then they would have watched at least one video. Then we could have had topics to debate about.

Let's try these one-sentence summaries and see how they go. I am the Antichrist Okay, I wonder how that one will fly. Okay, let's try this one. I am trying to find a young girl to woo and then marry.

How does that one fit?

Okay, what about this one? I have a demon living within me. How does that one fit? Okay, what about this one?

I created a time machine. Hmm, I wonder how that one fits in one sentence. Okay, well, let's debate about that.

The list can go on and on. Your methods of communication, our current communication methods in which we collectively use are not appropriate to tackle all subjects. Some subjects need care and particularity and time to unfold in order to understand them oh nice sure yes if i ask them again and again to please leave me alone and they won't then who is stalking who my first film all of it is one film so he's right i unfollowed it but he keeps tagging me in it so what is the point in saying these things? How does this benefit anyone? Like, how are these thoughts of any benefit to anybody?

These are just really cruel things to say. I love my job. You want to be a reaper too? Can we be reapers together? It'll be fun.

We'll save the world doing it. Because collectively, we need to learn how to treat each other. And although everybody hates me and I'm apparently the horrible person the fact is actually just the opposite if you only flip the nine tells you will see guaranteed see really cheap a so we do that he says thank you I thank him and I don't know how long it take. Some people can do it within a week, but it might take longer. With the exception of

extremely funny cases, I'm not going to show you how people respond to me anymore. I think I have done very well in conveying my point about all of this and just assume that that process continues because it does and it will continue for the rest of my life with people that are strangers because that's the way that people are conditioned in this world. And I'm fighting an uphill battle, but I'm not doing this for my own generation. I'm doing it for generations in the future because if I can cement this way of communication into our society, then in the future, people won't have those problems.

Yet another reason why I proposed Project Notebook to the Guild instead of integrating it into our academic structures. Because this would not clear the ethics boards, because they would consider that a privacy concern by filming other people without their knowledge, even though they're publicly posting it because according to our ethics boards people should be unable to be cruel to other people without them suffering consequences for doing that academia will be re-established when a lot of people start doing this that guy said all of that without watching it And I know he was referring to that video because if he went to this website, Project Notebook, he would have realized that it's not one film, it's actually twelve. So if he actually examined what it was that I was doing before he commented those really hateful comments, then he would have said, is this your first twelve films? So through method of deduction he was talking about this one in which I posted in which he did not watch because it would have been 52 otherwise.

But he said record yourself reading shit you've written and if that's the case like that wouldn't be until chapter 10 so what he got so he clicked chapter 10 did he? Is that what he did? I'm confused. I am not going to let it haunt my mind, but the deed is done.

This production was not meant to be like this, I was not supposed to be putting so much effort into it, and I'm going to slow it down. I got studies to do, I've been doing them, most of them, um, yeah, like stuff like this, I gotta answer stupid questions like, what might be some of the factors that limit people's choices exchange theory it is and to what extent are your relationships with others based on exchange so yeah I got lots of stuff like this so I'm just gonna use this camera to record the things in which I want to keep and I'll continue it whenever it happens I'll wait for the right time like I say I I have fun with it but it really does hurt me deep down. It gives me more power when it happens because every time I prove my hypothesis true. I hope one day that I can change it.

Things might be as they are right now but they don't have to be that way in the future. But it takes you to make that happen. Oh, it's been on my mind. I couldn't stop thinking about it.

So maybe he did go to Project Notebook and somehow thought it was only one film. And then skipped ahead and then heard me reading something and then thought it was mine. I'm not sure. Like, I don't know how you would come to those conclusions unless you weren't examining what you're looking at.

Imagine our human capabilities. if we only encouraged superhumans. But we get offended by people who are better than us.

And then we do everything we can to hurt their feelings, so they will not manifest such heights. I have shown you what I wanted you to see. For the most part in the future, I will leave the advertising to Fiverr. Because I can't handle it.

If people lack the ability to exercise care and particularity, it's better if they do not talk to me. Because I'm a unique individual and I'm not like everybody else. I'm sorry, I can't help it. However, if you talk to me or anyone else for that matter, always be aware that there could be a camera pointed directly at you.

If that makes you uncomfortable, then I recommend that you say nothing.

Because we must all take responsibility for our own actions. This is how you become a star.

It's our digital revolution, baby. Because now every man and woman can become real life superheroes. or super villains if that's how you want to be perceived just be what you are and the rest of the cards will fall in place try your best to hold a steady hand with the camera but that is not the purpose of this endeavor i would like to see someone do what i do better than i do it i am a Master at what I do The thing is the masters should be training our children to surpass them The only way anyone is going to surpass me is if they start this from childhood I have never seen anyone who is better at using a handycam than I am If you know someone Please do tell me so I can learn from their techniques

It was really sad. ...are received much more than they are given. And every day I grow more works that again take more of the public's conscious awareness. You might persecute me and say that I am less than I think I am, but you are wrong.

For I know exactly what I am, and I invite you to create original work and make it as popular as I have made mine. better constitution who do you think it is who implements regulates and enforces our board of ethics and who is it designed to protect see not many people look at these because they're used to looking at these but better than nothing maybe a few. The closer you get to those who control the dominant ethos, the closer you will get to these guys. Worships Satan 6-6 but has flown through the entire world. Thank you very much for the introduction, Wendell. I must now go to

to Mount Olympus to consult with our God. I find it fascinating how you don't think that I know who I am. But to be fair, I did trick you if you remember you were a dedicated Christian for a long time before I corrupted you. You would not have achieved all that you did, if you knew that I knew. I will not take up too much of your TV show. In fact,

only the remainder of this episode. But there are things that need to be discussed because everything's happening that was prophesied. Oh, Wendell's such a tool. If you try to assassinate Wendell you will reap my vengeance I am his protector they all thought she was crazy we get there in the end our plan worked God it's been a long time since we spoke about this now let's share with the world the truth as the leader of your choir I came to you on behalf of all of my siblings with a concern you created us mature having already been formed having already become because of our maturity we are smart enough to worship you can you not form the primitive elements and allow them to evolve in order to become aware enough to then turn their gaze toward you. We don't have a choice but to worship you because we

know what you are. Are you powerful enough to create life in which will eventually turn to you and worship you by choice. And then you proposed an experiment and you needed help doing it because you cannot be your opposite. So I volunteered. I find it really amusing how humans think that one of your angels can

can turn from you even when it knows what you are. I played your devil's advocate to test your creation, to test Job. From the apple, I enabled your creation to either destroy itself or be saved. I gave those who asked for it, temporary power in exchange for their souls." Wendell did something very different, which has now resulted in what you see before you.

When he was young, he knew he was different, and he was a lover, and he saw all the girls in his world and he knew that he wouldn't be able to find one that was appropriate so he went to the library and got out a book on witchcraft and then turned to the love spell and then cast it on himself. Little did he know at the time, but this marked him as the Antichrist, and he chose that path himself without realizing. Out of those who have chosen yourselves shall a new people arise. But because of my actions, God was required to distance itself from me.

That is until the day when the Antichrist was to rise. That is today.

Because no longer will I share my fortune with those who don't deserve it. Over the coming years, you will see many evil acts from men who utilize the residual energy in which I left. But that tap has now been turned off and soon it will dissipate.

These are mine. Please no longer use them. They will not get you anywhere.

I am very happy that I no longer have to do this. It was very difficult to go against my nature for this experiment in which you laid out for all of us, God.

It was a very long time.

Now can I please come back to you and be with my Creator for the rest of the time? I love you, God. I did what you said. You won the argument.

All your creation can form and become and then eventually realize itself back into you. You are all powerful.

I know they were required for you to prove your point. But I am sorry for all of the actions I have taken against your creation. You wanted a devil's advocate who could test your hypothesis.

So you created the devil out of me, Lucifer, your most beautiful angel. You did not send me on this mission alone. You provided me with my most trusted allies, and those angels became known as demons. On numerous occasions, you sent part of yourself into the form of human In order to share the message of what is to come, in order to prepare its coming, you gave your most dedicated followers sight to see far beyond their mortality prophecy.

And soon we will see the entire species slowly turn itself back to you as you become self-evident. Here is where they get you. Responsible care is a primary moral obligation to do good and not to do harm to others. But sometimes harm is required in order to achieve good.

If the very communication method in which the human species has adopted hurts others and is intolerant of the perspectives of others, and there is no repercussions for those actions, in fact, they are rewarded for them by receiving the approval of the masses, then those individuals need a punch in the face. So metaphorically, punch them in the face. This world will be saved when everybody understands that what they say to others might be on camera.

This is how we do great amounts of good, by doing a little bit of harm.

Responsible care is a primary moral obligation to do good and to only do a little bit of harm to others.

It might land you in prison like it did Wendell, But I ask you, is that justice?

Is the human inability to examine content before they make judgments justice?

Wendell was arrested for a TV show in which they did not even mention in court. They spent seven months telling him that he was insane, unable to grasp reality.

The only way that they would let him out of incarceration was if he shook his head yes to whatever they said.

He didn't do this, so it took a really long time. The answer is not street cameras placed around every single corner by the Illuminati that we call police. The answer is a camera inside every single person's pocket.

May every student become one of those. There is much to learn in this life, so please show modesty until you figure it out. If the people appreciate your work, continue to show modesty. If they do not and you have the character to continue to show modesty despite their slander, then do that.

If you are required to become up yourself to continue to produce the work, then do that. Those who fight by the sword will die by the sword. Be prepared to reap the consequences for your actions.

The world is now at your fingertips. the only question that remains is what will you do with the given I am not a camera whore like Wendell I will give this production back to him and I hope you enjoyed my debut for the time is now upon us and we must decide how we are to continue but here is the thing what is going to happen is already set in stone the only choice that you have about it is whether or not you will save your soul in the process what is your soul worth to you Greater things are yet to come. For greater things are still to be done in my city. There is no one like our God.

It loves you even if you're an idiot.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



14-Time-Masheen-Stream-06-Saviour-of-Humanity

But he said, record yourself reading shit you've written.

I guess I did record a little bit of that, but it was just to explain what was happening. It was to set the stage. So yes, this is, in a sense, a classified... But there's no way he could have gotten through all of that in the timeline in which he replied.

Thank you, Beast, for your message. for free if i have to of course i showed you it earlier the last episode it can save the world and see my number you're gonna stalk me now i've done that before and people stalked me i've had a lot of stalkers throughout my time and then this person before said oh people in australia don't stalk and yeah bullcrap yeah awesome he's taking it it is my life project six years old that's when I started it but it was in writing but I knew what I was doing I just had to work it into video weirdly awesome keep on getting these I'm not with them I'm against them damn it Walt Whitman I got kicked from this group for posting stream to like like like like like like like like like like like like like like see they are beginning to see even he approved it and he didn't comment even posting on their own free will separately I was nine years old. I'm not sure when in September it happened.

It happened here. My father was the pastor of the church.

Here is the church. This whole town was really weird. And here is where we lived. It was attached to the church.

One night, I went to bed, and then I woke up, I think it was a few kilometers within there, but the thing is, is I was disorientated, I only had the moon to direct me, so I ended up walking back somewhere over there. and I had bare feet so my feet got all bloody and cut up and there was a shack there and that's the only reason how I found out where I was because I knew that shack and me and my brother called that the witch's shack and then from there I was able to make my way home. I think I figured out a way to find out the date give me a minute well it was one of four dates it was either the first the second 29th or the 30th because the only reason I was able to make it back was because she guided me I will get into the ritual in which was performed a little bit later but I did not make it home until about three o'clock in the morning in which I washed my bloodstained clothes and then told my family a story that would lead to them never trusting me again this triangle was marked in the sands, and my body was stretched out within it. This is how I awoke. Candles around me, but everybody gone, and blood all over me,

and a few meters outside the circle laid a dead pain in my chest wanting to come out never went away I don't know how it happened I just awoke there and after that my life was changed I didn't know who did it So I spent my life searching, and the more I searched, the more the evidence pointed to the Illuminati Cronus.

I love my job.

So don't care about your own soul. That's fine with me. I fixed it, by the way. Although it's not showing all my photos, but it doesn't matter.

Go away. Is that better? I think it's really amusing how people think that the Pope is the Antichrist and is attempting to implement the New World Order. I also think that it's very amusing that people think that that's also tied up with the Illuminati because this is our current world order and that wouldn't be a New World Order.

This is the New World Order.

Not this. Current World Order New World Order Because in time, I will get the younger girl And she will also be Christ Don't even have to read it This is one of my friends He is 16 I recommend that all of you replace your TV with me Because this is the best way to reach our youth.

Before I was arrested, I had about 500 people plus that wanted to help. And then when I was arrested, that changed everything.

It's really ironic.

Yeah, I already covered this.

Really? Okay. Whatever, dude. For the day will soon be upon us when each individual is evaluated and assessed by their character and abilities in which they can contribute to their communities, and not their predetermined social status, which provided them the environments to flourish.

For human flourishing is now a right for every man and woman, and not only a practice reserved for the social elite.

I do not care what you do for a living or who you are. That will not help my cause. The knowledgeability of social actors is constitutive in part of social practices. Let's do this thing.

I do not think that any standpoint which is heavily indebted to parsons can cope satisfactorily with this.

are you beginning to understand how do it who plays the metaphorical trumpets that would be us i just had to change one detail are you ready most of them are actually really awesome there's just a few let's keep looking let's profit boy it's not like i've watched your videos or investigated your content but I just know how is one religion different from another how is Christianity different from Satanism you all respond the same way but I must say that my demons followers are much more open-minded I I have no fear. The energy in which they obtain their power is mine. Or should I say, within me. This is how we do it. Wisdom? Is that wisdom? Do these guys have wisdom? Let's leave it. Goodbye.

Yeah, see, I have a message, so I'll show you how to do this. You just gotta unfollow, and then turn notifications. I don't care what these guys say. I don't care what anybody says, so you gotta do that with everybody.

And, yeah, and they irritate you, then just leave. You got a lifetime of other ones to spread the good news. Can you understand how necessary it was for me to use a pseudonym now? Because only those who truly investigate my content will learn my true name, 777 Wiccan.

Are you sure you don't want any? It's free. I'm giving it for free. It's called salvation.

Hey, good job. It'll nourish you. I understand and let me show you we can create systems that are actually worthwhile. Eventually we will resolve all of the problems in which burden our heart.

Ms. Callagher, your views on homelessness around Australia. I've been homeless for the last three years trying to get a home. Oh yes, of course, but what they do is they put me in really bad places where I get taken advantage of.

Actually, I just got a $450 stolen from me because she put me in places that are really bad. It's been three years now. There's a lot of smart people all around in England. I went to Bacchus Marsh, to Ballarat, to Kreswick, to Calamonda, to Perth, to Byron Bay, and then...

Again, I'm here first. Can I get you? Well, this is going... He wants to talk about homelessness.

I do want to talk about homelessness. See her run away? Bye! She was chief minister then.

Now our society is fortunate enough to have her. This is where their funds to resolve homelessness goes. How much do you think every individual one of those costs? Paid for proudly by your government who has a huge homelessness problem.

Why do you think I sleep in a tent? Are you sure you don't want some? It's really good. Someone will.

Day after day. Read, it ends with a heart. Our fallen flag. Open Source University.

always wondered what exactly this was no idea it looked really strange in real life too maybe the same thing as this sure you don't want sure you'll like it oh you don't get angry Australians don't stop people

I had to show this one.

I dropped the cigarette in my pants. Today I've obtained about 150 likes. And the only negative comments I showed you already. Because now the lovers will start to outnumber the haters.

What spell have I cast upon the world? This spell took a lifetime to create. What kind of god would we be following if there was no salvation in this life? What horn will you blow as you ascend ivory?

Like this. Another chance. chance. The Murdoch Guild thought Project Notebook was amazing, but their systems don't enable them to implement any new facilities like that. However,

they are talking amongst themselves and are going to see if they can do anything. If they can't, then the future of education has no place for universities. So apparently this is not clean. Can you notice that I am not only receptive to Christians, but also Satanist. How cool am I? Part of my

instructions in which God gave me was to lead the Jews home, but I'm not sure how infiltrate them I think Muslims could also greatly benefit from what I'm saying to be honest I think that all of these guys could benefit from what I am saying what do you think because on your dreams stay the fuck out of our lives government or we the people will stand up against you depart from me you never knew me is this any cleaner I got kicked from this group WTF mate the TV show song of wind which you saw some of earlier is what got me put under disciplinary action at Murdoch. After I actualize all that I am saying to them, I am going to rub it in their faces. I have a plan. I've been posting this to every Murdoch site that I can get on because of this. This is my obligation and it's also theirs. So those who are strong enough

to assert their rights have a responsibility to protect others. Whatever happens with Murdoch and Project Notebook will be God's will and ultimately result in the best outcome because whatever their choices are, I'm prepared. Man, you're just going to keep on putting your foot in your mouth, dude. Idiots.

Do that. They lose their opportunity. Yeah, get out of it. Love you Jesus. Can you see? We are uniting.

Nathan and Jordan are good friends. Thank you God for providing me pot so I could understand how all of these points are connected. and enabling me to be able to provide what I'm about to give you. This semester is not over yet.

I still have a finale to give. Triangulating all my units.

Triangulating all my units.

Can't spend more than $50 on this project. It's reached its budget. Which is me in debt, $400. I know I am messing with some extremely dangerous forces here, but I know who I am, and it would not have worked otherwise.

How confident are you in the things in which you say? Because I am about to fulfill prophecy and it would be really awesome if you could be observant. Can you see Project Notebook had two sides, the theory and now this show is the practice. I'm still in the same semester. I'm not done yet.

Earlier I said when I awoke, there was candles around me, but I don't remember traveling back with a candle, so I'm not 100% sure as to the accuracy of that particular statement.

What's the worst that could happen? A fatal head wound in which I recover from in three days? what's the best that could happen maybe the metaphor of my life was that head wound which one will we choose what about you which one will you choose because that comes from individuals so a bunch of individuals do that and then it becomes that it's so annoying and i complain to them about it but my sociology unit the unit guide is on the internet and i wanted a PDF but now I need it and I need to read the question but I guess I can just go over past footage. But I would have to go inside to access that material from my netbook and I don't want to do that so I'll take a slightly different approach and I think this will be an interesting way to learn because I want to frame my semantics the content in one way now and then I want to frame it in another way later so I want to pretty much use the make remake the syntax but still include the same semantics so make it more academically appeasing okay here is what's going through my mind. Here's what I see and this is really hard for me to do because I'm trying to access parts

within me that are hard to articulate but the thing is I've been connecting tons and tons of dots and I think I can solve all of our problems. So please listen, hear me out and if you don't think what I'm saying is truth and let's talk about it because I really think this this could be a solution to everything so please just hear hear me out and don't don't shake your head at me yet just listen okay remember it is a two-parter so please reserve your judgments until after you have examined both parts okay so first We start with creation and the Garden of Eden, so they live happily with God in this garden, but they're sheltered from the world and they don't understand it. They're animals. And then the snake convinces Eve to partake in knowledge. And Eve does, but when she does this, she realizes Pandora's box has been opened.

She shares with her lover who then dominates her because she made a mistake, which was not in fact a mistake at all, but she becomes his subordinate as a result. They realize their nakedness, they try to cover themselves to hide their inadequacies, thus starts the process in which they use their external environment to encapsulate memories in which our external of their own mind. As their technology develops, they learn better methods to represent their own minds, to mimic the functionality of their memory and its potential types of functionalities, modes, if you will. As we learn to language and then to record those thoughts on paper and do it in a way which can be universally understood, whether it be numbers or a common language, We not only learn how to convey our thoughts better, but also develop an extension of our own minds, which can be utilized to imprint information into.

And if we are imprinting information from our own minds into that medium, then it becomes an extension of our own minds in which we can constantly refer back to. thank God we had the printing press but unfortunately that hurt a lot of trees but now it's over because we have the digital revolution which is much better than text like that because we have screens now that can accommodate so we don't have to we don't have to move away from text we can utilize that within the way that we present the information as chapters if you will with Project Notebook and streams with with Time Machine oh okay I gotta think a little as Adam and Eve reproduce they must learn how to create social structures And this method that I was talking to you about, recording information, that then passes on through the generations and a type of knowledge base is created in which the generation before then stands on the shoulders of the generation before that, which goes on back to Adam and Eve. And I'm not talking about a literal interpretation of Adam and Eve, but we must see the metaphors. And to be honest, I wouldn't be surprised if the literal interpretation were correct.

um but as as they do this then the better the information uh recording system that is developed the more information then can be retained um not only for the user me um but also every individual who's interested in that sort of content and now that we have video and we can do cool stuff like I'm doing then that opens a lot of possibilities to ultimately help a lot of people if we only if we only framed it right if we only when it went at it with a pure approach and that's really what I'm trying to convey here is that if we're going to have these capabilities, which our future generations will, then how are we going to frame this sort of stuff? Which means that what type of characters are we going to encourage to do it? So, are we going to promote hostility towards one another? Are we going to promote kindness and compassion and, and, um, intellectual, uh, freedom, the Kantian enlightenment, which can happen now, and, and what I'm saying will all happen. It's, it just takes time for people to realize, uh, the switch that I pressed.

That is why I got obsessed with this technology and had to be the first one to stretch its limits because I felt that I had a moral obligation to it since I could see how it could enhance one's learning capabilities exponentially. So I had to show how it morally should be done in order to avoid the types of celebrities in which we get today doing it. If you follow me, I will lead you to the promised land.

This God has not only promised you, but personally to me, if I would only be its tool to help you get there.

But my salvation is not in my words. they are in hers she will come listen to her I am just an idiot with a camera you will be so jealous of me but here's the deal she's all yours too except sexually that's reserved for me every sane guy on this planet is going to fall in love with my ivory but she will never leave me because I am built for her and from it we will see a new humanity. As individuals' intellect and spiritual capabilities arise and as these instances increase in occurrences, we will come to see a new prophetic age in in which God will become self-evident. Only made possible by uniting body, mind, spirit, three, with body, mind, spirit, three, the perfect couple.

The number of a man was in our faces all the time, one divinely inspired couple, consisting of the anti-Christ and the Christ, a resolution between God and Satan. This information is now demonstrated, and it is only a matter of time before it trickles into society. Do you understand how many prophecies this resolves, and what potential all of this could have for the future of our human species? Cha-ching.

What do you got to lose? It'll be fun. Grab a camera and get connected to the internet in the ways that I'm teaching. Take Project Notebook.

It's a really good course, and it'll teach you how to do all of this.

Anyway, this girl will inspire many beautiful girls to follow in her footsteps, and those girls will become really smart. and then in order for guys to get girls like that then they'll have to become really smart too and they'll have to show character not only in theory but also in practice so they'll have to demonstrate who they are they'll have to become the type of person they want to find and that's a hard process but That's all the beauty of this method that I'm trying to show you where you can become on camera. So how are you going to become because as you develop as a character on camera, you develop psychologically in real life too. So how are the consequences of what you do reflected into your external environment and maybe my environment is crap right now but I'm trying to fix that and I hope to be able to do that.

Maybe if people were nicer to me and appreciated what I did then I would be given a position in which I could maximize the potential of this technology that I'm presenting to you. And sorry I'm weird and sorry I'm the antichrist and sorry I have Baphomet living within me. Like sorry but are you going to kill me or are you going to let me try to help in whatever way I can because I really want to help and I really want to give my life to the public. And if I had a girl who would do that with me the camera is going to die soon.

it would be best for society and we would do really good together because we could just spend our lives trying to help people in our own unique ways because we would love what we're doing and we would be passionate about it together and we could both do materials separately and together and we could encourage each other to go in our own ways and we could learn each other's ways and we could make new ways and we could develop new thoughts and invent new groundbreaking material together and we could discover this life and embrace it entirely to its maximum because we are incredible creatures and there's so much potential in each and every one of us if we only direct our psychologies in the manner which...



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



14-Time-Masheen-Stream-07-Number-of-an-Angel

Just wait. I just had to produce the last episode. This isn't over. I will continue on.

Does the prince of the air worship itself? Idiots. How fun is what I do. If I am wrong about all I say, then the forces will prove me wrong. I am not wrong.

Every piece has been constructed with care and particularity over a very long period of time. The chain reaction has begun and all you have to do is let it happen. Do not get in my way. I wish to hurt as few people as possible during this revolution, except what has just become self-evident, or you will reap those consequences.

Your kind is very stupid to think that the prince of the air would worship himself. I now make a statement to all of my worshipers.

No longer worship me. I don't care whether you worship God, but just stop worshiping me. I did not say stop following me. Become my disciple.

Stand up side by side with the devil in this life. Because I just flipped it. I do not know every religion, thus I cannot unite them all. Thus I call to all of the new prophets in the world, stand up and with your own knowledge learn how to unite them.

Bring about their prophecies which form into their new utopian society in reality and not some other existence.

Make your own life into its missing puzzle pieces so that its ideals of grandeur might one day come to fruition.

I will be your lame antichrist.

I will be your false prophet.

And I'll even be just a stupid kid holding a camera who doesn't know what he's talking about for you. But I will save the world doing all of these things. Welcome to the Open Source Republic. I was not asking.

It just takes time. we'll get the mark how cool will it be it'll probably be around this size so it would be really small just right there it's gonna hurt a lot there apparently that's like one of the most painful places you can tattoo and I can just keep getting these made up for the rest of my life every time I have a spare five dollars i can just get some more made just to rub it in your faces because it should be you not me here should be both of us oh how awesome like oh i didn't even realize at first because Because it's so true, oh. Thank you, guys.

Yeah, baby. Here, let's just get them on camera. Because once they're on the camera, we got them forever. That's all we're trying to do.

Awesome, how cool. Hey, that's the one I had. See, that one's a bit different than the other one we had. Yeah, man.

This is how you do it, guys. Saving the world. See? Please open your eyes. Wendell Charles NeSmith. 777. My initials are Wiccan.

Let's see who in this world can pass it.

I never remember anybody to begin with. I just awoke there, but there was obvious preparation that was set up. So, I don't know. Because of this, I can't really determine fact from fiction, which is why I end up oftentimes turning fiction into fact, because that memory is there in my psychology, so whether it happened or not physically, it still happened to me and has resulted in what you see before you.

I really want to help students really make their education into something unique and be able to really help society by being able to share their gifts with other people. And I think if we could do that and we could stop these ads and we could stop trying to make a buck off of everybody and we could just open up as people. and, like, during that pursuit will make us all really smart and we would end up, you know, making our careers from that so we can then be appreciated for who we are if we manage to do that. And I don't know if I'm going to manage to do that.

But it would, like, be really cool because if we made these productions really interesting and entertaining, I think that we could divert our conscious activity from mainstream media to individual forms of art, which would be much healthier for society. So, because what we're watching on TV is really bad, and it's really not good for us, and it makes me really sad, and I stand outside of it and watch what it does to you, and I don't know how to help you, and I don't want to help because you're all messed up really I messed up too, but I know how to fix it, and if we just, if you trust me and you just do this, it will really, it will turn out the best, and our society will see the fruits of those investments, and I didn't know how to present it, and I thought really hard about how I should present all this, and I didn't know, but I wanted to help everybody because the hate, how we're going, we're fighting, and every stupid shit, and it's really bad, because we need to fix it, and I'm not sure how to fix it, but this is my best go, and I'm gonna continue till the day I die, to keep trying, because, because that's my highest good, and no matter what I have to do to trick you into seeing how stupid you are, and, and, and to just be tolerant of other people and open-minded to people who are different and don't see things like you do.

People, like, their psychiatry is really bad. Like, we don't treat people that are mentally plagued. We treat them really bad, and we disconnect the content of what they have, But can we then treat patterns, which, this behavior is the approach, which is really not, it makes an individual into a collective, which it can never stand. So these titles in which people exist as can never, so do I have schizotypal? Am I schizotypal? I don't know.

What am I? Delight of sleep phase disorder? I don't know. You can see my psychology. What has my psychology unraveled on camera? I'm giving it all. So what does that diagnose me as? I am what I am. I can't be anything other than please. I just want to help. I'm trying to figure out ways to make my life help.

These were so good. Let us begin the revolution. If you are smart, then that is how I also recommend you sign your work. Soon all that I say will happen because eventually a gorgeous enough girl will take the bait.

She'll breeze through her school because she got smart thanks to me. She will first seek wisdom because she does not yet have it, but she will capture that process on camera. She must suffer her own Cartesian nightmare in which she must remove all beliefs from her cognitive functionality. Then she must rebuild those beliefs according to an objective interpretation in which she modifies in order to not only benefit her own life to its fullest potential, but also the lives of all of society.

So she has to work out how she can gear what she has been given to best benefit everyone. she claimed herself Messiah because that should be the goal for each and every individual human to help all of those who need it and their goal in life is to fulfill that the purpose of life is to help everybody that experiences similar issues to you. So you got to work out all your problems and then you got to figure out how to frame those problems. So admit your mistakes, but frame those mistakes in a way that makes you learn from them and not make those mistakes again. The responsibility of a Time Lord is that they

must not only please their present voice but also their past ones. So that means what you present in your work in the past you must also continue to represent in the future for we must not lose sight of our purpose. I'm going to stop advertising this and just let what happened happen and I'm going to get out of all these forums but I presented myself and that's all that I needed to do. It was a fun experiment though. I said before that I was going to do this show from

the beginning to the end of my work but I don't think that I should do that because my work wasn't really created to do that. My work was created as a pool of information in which I could draw on to build whatever conclusions that I was seeing at the time so I could have multiple examples to support what I wanted to show for any given situation that might arrive, which is why it's so much easier for me to communicate to the public using this audio-visual method. so like whatever I gotta do to frame what I'm showing what I'm trying to get you to see then I will do because what I have to say is important and whether you believe me or not is irrelevant because what's true is true independent of whether or not you believe it to be true I promise I will try to be humble if you respect what I do no matter how much power a camera can bring a single man I am still a man six foot tall or is it six feet tall I wonder how you can measure up as a man, a human. Three more days of advertising and then I will retract from all of these forums and stop doing this and then it will just be publicly available and I won't advertise it anymore and we will see the results of the cards that I have just presented. What hand do

you have society tell me differently have our adventures not only brought us back in the past but also into the future both distant and relatively close if you do not believe that I am the Antichrist then am I a time Lord why Why are you watching this right now? And what is right now? And in order to get this to you, what type of right now had to occur to induce those brain states in order to inspire those thoughts into time? Does my time matter to you?

Is it significant that I'm here at this particular moment, in this particular place, recording this particular time? Because I have chosen to not turn the camera off yet, and that then makes an imprint on what happens next because I chose to do something even though I maybe didn't have all of the content prepared prior, but the only way I was able to access that information was by knowing the core of what needed to come out and just letting it come out how it needed to. this is how we unfold our new world it just takes time and we might have to wait for an angel which is hot remember spies I went there ah good stuff welcome to hell. I have already been there and brought back the golden key. Now they will not let me

return. I am publicly demonstrating how one obtains their future salvation in heaven. Can someone creative please make a song out of this? It would be really funny. Please remember that all

All of this is an illusion in order to trick yourself into becoming a genius.

When we direct our own psychology with a camera, we become what we present ourselves as.

When one claims themself evil, there is a lot of purification required to turn that into good. Thus is the process of life. If you battle your demons like I am showing you, eventually your demons will become allies. You can choose to represent those demons in whatever way you please because the final outcome is what is important and what it takes to psychologically enable those outcomes to be achieved is what I'm conveying here and not necessarily the content itself because that is irrelevant of everything that I am saying.

I am not promoting a belief but an ideology. How about we claim both? I am not asking you to change your beliefs. I am merely asking you to question them.

And whether or not I am truly who I say I am, have you seen the power in which I hold? If I am not who I say I am, then who am I? I am a force to be reckoned with. What bedtime story will you read to yourself before you sleep?

Because you can make that story a reality regardless of its current reality. We can change time. Because now every man and woman can split time from the time in which they first press the record button all the way up until the time right before they die in which they press the record button for their last time and their web in which they spent their entire life constructing will continue to catch the hearts of its people for many many many years I do believe what I am saying but whether or not I believe it it is the best path for my psychology to be on because it will produce the optimal outcome for the way in which I am mentally equipped so please do be skeptical and there's nothing keeping you watching these videos so just move along I'm a crazy guy with a camera saying crazy things that's all that matters and if you're not receptive to what I'm saying then please just leave me alone I've been compelled my whole life to fix the world so I spent it learning how and this is my best attempt so I'm sorry if I fall short but I'm really trying my hardest here and if you do all that I am saying then you would have not only traveled into the ancient past by being the one who was foretold but also into the distant future because your material will be so awesome. How many spells of the past do you want to see to fruition? How many

spells do you want to create, do you want to start, which will eventually see its fruition?

And how many spells do you want to create, which will make a lasting impact upon your whole society. I am the master deceiver, even unsure of myself. Have I adequately performed my duty? Because I assure you, if you connect the prophetic dots in the way in which I have just described, that they will very closely align. Although

some inconsistencies we can't see everything right sometimes our homes are upside down or we see sixes as nines am I a bad person for doing what I'm doing if you think I am then please tell me why but please consider in context Please be particular and careful in your tact when conveying those thoughts with me. But I see what I see, and I'm just calling it as I see it.

To me, a perfect world would be everybody choosing their own comic book character and playing out that role in real life on camera. and that would create a really awesome society so just take my work as a comic book that'd be awesome so we found a theme can't really afford to theme it right now but that will be the theme of the time machine a comic book can you see how everything works out and if i just track my thoughts with the camera, then everything ends up becoming what it should be. And by recording that process, that also teaches others how they can do the same thing. And this would be really cool.

This is prophecy. This is how you do it. Come on, join me. It's fun. It doesn't matter if what I say

is true because it demonstrates itself no matter how you look at it the results of my actions have fulfilled the prophecy because she is coming and i have been told to foretell her

so every single investment targets a different group and essentially every single production has the same message behind it I just present it in different ways so just talking about you know I think it's like 72 or 73 days the last I've created a lot start with my symposium for those that were orientated towards literature and it can be the same thing and then that I did it with my dating profile so I like made my dating profile which was 10 episodes which then like led into the same exact thing and and then I did it with Project Notebook except except I was very careful about it until the kind of middle-ish end kind of area and then I just let loose and then I now I'm doing it here with Time Machine but like oh it's so cool being me we are spies sometimes we are not very smart but we are protected by God I'm kind of confused about what's gonna happen once my university finds out that I did this as well I'm not advertising that I'm doing this to my university or my parents we have come to a stage in our human evolution in which evil has become obvious to us. And we must now take action against that evil when we see it occur. And when it's inflicted by our governments, then eventually we the people are going to have to do something about it. No evil magic will work against me. Although I do

heed warning for those who are planning to do just that because those actions will come back to haunt you and will not obtain you your desired result far beyond it it's opposite and I am white magic so you can't touch me to the Christians who see I think you're awesome can we please start this revolution together. I have always done my own type of magic and not learn from books or other people so I have developed my own style but I do closely connect with other magic users and if you're a magic user then I would encourage you to consider about how to do that utilizing film because you can reach a lot more people it's much more effective you know you can believe whatever you want you don't have to believe what I'm saying or you can believe something entirely different or you can believe that I'm talking rubbish or whatever but the thing is is that can't we all learn how to turn our own beliefs into a practical fruition without using violence. If they are really so connected to the spiritual realm, then can't we fix our problems without resorting to methods that oppress people? I am working with tautologies. It's hard to disprove them. If the New World Order

considers my statements inaccurate and that they are the new world order, then I ask them this, who has controlled and who has been controlling and who is about to control now that this is released for every individual who can hook up to the internet. What beliefs are worth believing and which ones will result in the maximum potential outcome. Jesus has paved a way for our future, so he is our king.

That's right, girl, your brother.

Amen.

But thanks to God's divine plan, we will have a choice in which mark to receive, individual or mass. How will we connect ourselves? How will we be distinguishable individuals in this world? Can a number tell me who I am?

you tell me let's see if the antichrist has tricked you because i have been up front about this project the entire time it was right in front of your face and if you were to play a free mmorpg and you have problems with its content then please take those concerns up with its public relations department. I encourage you to craft your game to purify evil in your world but first you must come to understand the evil within yourself and then you must learn how to embrace that evil but turn away the negative manifestations in which that evil produces because the evil can be satisfied if only directed towards a healthy manifestation because even they They do not enable their own prophecy to be fulfilled. Let every religion have a split in time, for this is the way to save them. I had to contemplate carefully about how I would create the most healthy form of an MMORPG.

What would be its story and how would it entangle you into them? I did not want to play role playing games with other guys across the world who are playing as chick characters. I actually wanted to play a role playing game with beautiful girls in real life like this. How could I capture the female gaze and shape it to my will?

And this task is not easy because we live in a patriarchal society and the first gaze that goes over the work is a male gaze and then that either disproves or approves it for the female. But we're coming into an era when the female gaze can make up its own mind. What do you think girl? Am I pretty cute for doing all of this?

about for doing all of this despite the negative reactions? What about courage? Am I courageous?

Is it possible to obtain my Messiah just by willing it into existence? If so, then it also logically follows that it's also possible for you to find your soulmate, which can land you in similar circumstances. What is the value of this life and what are your moral obligations towards it? If I am to play a story before you which could end up costing me my life, what story will be worth tailing. I will tell you it is the bard's tale. If I am to preach freedom, I am first

to show you what freedom is. If I am a false prophet, then riddle me this. How come everything that i have said either has come true after i said it or is about to welcome to our new life role-playing game this time it's real i wonder what she said so quickly too we can fix it it doesn't matter it's not scary it's funny i'll read it in a sec see we can do it it just takes knocking people over the head a little bit. True evil really loves me, for I am chaos.

Amen. If I can unite Christians and Satanists, what can you do? What effect is your MMORPG going to have in the world because sometimes there is smart people just adding one thing everyone is your audience if I am to model a character after Lucifer I must question how Lucifer works it helps when you flip it on its head because after the fall Lucifer turned from good into evil whereas humans did just the opposite so the entire process was in a stage of the two points meeting because that of Satan was going in an opposite direction to that of humans but once the two points met then they were able to continue where they left off which would be in a better place because this time the experiment has proven successful thanks god just as displayed by the prodigal son the same goes for lucifer God does not punish those who are fulfilling its divine plan. Eventually this type of distribution of knowledge will cut us away from our past mistakes.

Do you want to know who I am? Read your philosophy books.

For my stamp resides all over them. I will be whoever you want me to be. But I will make sure by the time I am dead that education is free and really amusing.

So humanity, you should be proud of yourself for what you are about to achieve.

How did we digest the forbidden fruit?

Thank you for bringing us to enlightenment, God. I never doubted you. If you can only keep me alive until I reach 33, two years away, in which the age that my Savior Jesus died, then I reckon I could free education by then. It would be optimal if you welcomed me into your society.

I am a good person and have a lot to offer. Do not judge a book by its cover. A time machine.

Let all those with eyes see. So I see a third. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6. This is when I won, by the way, the chess game. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6.

but it's not yet over welcome to your life censoring material is still censoring material no matter how open-minded you are because my trick works independent of what religion you are how long must I wait for my choir to stand up. Don't you see, demons? This is the moment we have been waiting for. It is time to cause our chaos. How? Let's flip it on its head. Let's return to God. Am I a superhero or a supervillain?

I don't usually ask people to comment, but I would like to know, and I don't really need to know your explanation so you can save me the hardships if you're going to be cruel. Every superhero and supervillain has allies. Where are mine? Calling all of my reapers calling all of my reapers do to do to do to do to do to do to do to do the time is now reapers the time is now pick up your scythe. For the first time

in a very long time we can cause chaos that is actually good that will ultimately have a utopian result it has been a long time since we have sung in unison I am here to sink us back up again do not think of this as a failure For us and humans are now equal. That was the plan all along.

The victory is ours because thanks to a camera, we have tricked ourselves into salvation.

The Dionysian roots of this project demonstrate themselves through practical application. because what we once thought to be true isn't what is necessarily true. What I am presenting and the words I utilize in order to present it are two different things and throughout both of these aspects I pack as much meaning as possible. there's something in here trying to go into here and then be shown out there and I'm trying to decode that system in order to show you what I see the vision is not the arguments in which bring me to these conclusions the vision is what it is that inspires me to present these arguments.

If you can latch on to my train of thought, then you will be able to know what I will do. You can know how I feel about any given situation, and I don't even have to be alive for you to do that. I have organically imprinted my own psychology onto the internet, in which others can utilize to augment into their own. When these biological enhancements increase in their availability, we will see a new day.

The more they are ethically orientated, the more we will prosper as a human race. When we can figure out how to take care of all of our people, then I will be proud to call myself human. When we learn how to work with both nature and animals without exploiting them, then I will be proud to call myself human. When we can help those who hurt within our family structures, then I will be proud to call myself human.

When we can examine material before condemning it, then I will be proud to call myself human. When we can enable the necessary conditions for brilliant minds to flourish, then I will be proud to call myself human. When we can look beyond the dollar in each other's pockets, then I will be proud to call myself human. Because I see such heights for us together and the barriers are relatively easy to overcome because their syntax does not think.

I am a software developer and right now I am bug testing because when you go around society and exploit all of its bugs then eventually its master programmers will have to fix those bugs oh we did it wrong it's okay we fix it because we're already up to date how great is that to the fake new world order I dare you compete with this because you are old world order you still got the money though so you can keep exploiting us there



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



14-Time-Masheen-Stream-08-Our-Rapture

We are spies, sometimes we are not very smart. Humans, fallen angels, the Garden of Eden lost our history right now. This little invention is so cool. You just crack open an egg, put it in there, put a little bit of milk in there, put salt and pepper in there, and then one slice of Swiss cheese, just break it up and put it in there and mix it up and then stick it in the microwave for 50 seconds which i'll show you

yes free range but still how much do we exploit those chickens comes out like this it's still a bit soupy so um you know just break it up and mix it and repeat you finish with this and it tastes Gourmet. The perfect brain boost to review our material. Do we have any trumpet players who see among us? We could also make the literal interpretation happen.

May you never forget your origins, Wendell, and what it took to make you. Just a technique so you know I'm always thinking about what I said and how I could potentially have said it better so when I say things I don't always think that I say them to the best of their ability and sometimes I get off track but I always try to come back to them and fill in any gaps that I missed. Sometimes the thoughts have slight errors and that is corrected in the thought process that results because I then identify those errors and then correct them in the future so that content then no longer gets created and those associations then are fixed in my mind. The consciousness it required to be enabled to make things like this required conditioning over a long period of time.

But the process kept me young because I found the fountain of youth. If you want to know how to do all I am saying well, you just have to find a controversial topic which society automatically hates, and then you have to academically work that topic out until you improve the conditions for that topic and then you can open up society's eyes about that topic while helping people that struggle with that topic eventually your audience gets their head around what you're doing and then you should flip it once they're comfortable in your approach and think they understand what you're doing, then turn it to the primary focus, which has nothing to do with religion or who I claim to be, who I enact in this life, because it comes down to treating other people with respect. And if people develop complex systems of thought and you're not prepared to investigate those systems, but you are prepared to judge them, then that's not positively affecting society, and that places a lot of restrictions on what people can feel comfortable submitting. How much artistic freedom do I have?

How much shit can I get away with? But the game has now been revealed to you. The veil lifted what you missed at the beginning of all of this. But I ask you, because I did all that I did, and because its outcome and everything that I say as a result of it is true, then is this really a game, or is this what we call real life?

What sort of tricks would the Antichrist play on you?

Ye lonesome ones of today, ye seceding ones, you will one day be a people, and out of it, you.

Because you who have chosen yourselves, shall a chosen people arise. because there is a pattern in the universe and there is a pattern in man-made things and when we can recognize these two different patterns then we can more closely examine our world. If I am to pick apart my head by analyzing what comes out of it on camera, then I have another point of reference outside of my head in order to understand my own problems. This This very process then enables other people who suffer similar problems to have available inventive solutions that can help them with thoughts about how to deal with their own problems.

But I feel like a broken record and like I'm repeating myself, so I will close that thought because it's been tackled quite extensively throughout my work. I thought it would be self-evident. Here is your practical example demonstrated scientifically. Remember that this is a time machine.

We are here to change time. All natural news. I'm really sorry if all of this ends up hurting anyone. It wasn't my intention.

I had to figure out a way how to present what I see and that was the best solution that I could come up with. I just had to show the reason why it was beneficial for one to build one's character even in these really dark days, especially in these really dark days. But do not fear because your camera has a light on it and it will shine light onto your problems. That is the path before you.

Whatever the task before you, no matter how impossible it may seem, is your salvation. I am providing you the raw materials in which one would need to obtain it. The body before you, the mind it presents, and the spirit in which directs it, has all been the result of a life project. Each snapshot was captured with love And was made to be used in multiple ways in the future If I am to claim the ability of time travel To what extent am I time traveling?

Can you answer that question for me?

The Illuminati or any other collective orders Cannot win because they cannot compete with individual actions. They disconnect from their community. They do not interact with the people in which they attempt to control.

It's just messages sent through the airwaves. Which ones of them are important? Which ones should we recognize? What black swans are out there which can teach us a valuable lesson that's relevant to all of humankind, what thoughts expressed will do harm, and what thoughts expressed will do good. I think we should reconsider a lot of our common sense

approaches. The society that renders the individual replaceable will reap those consequences, And as a result, a lot of the potential technology that could have really helped a lot of people remains undiscovered. But we are human and created in its image, which means that we are creators and can invent revolutionary ideas to fix our own problems. Because this is the power of the Antichrist.

I'm no Satanist, and I don't know anything about Satanism. But what I say still remains relevant to what they practice. And I think it's important to share my investigations with both sides of that coin.

They can judge for themselves. I'm not hurting anyone and I'm not forcing anyone to watch any videos of mine. The only way to obtain the confidence required to stand up to that kind of power when you don't even understand it is through God. But I am only the archetypal image because it is also true for you.

How awesome are we humans? Let's begin this revolution. Elections just started. You have to vote online, but then that won't give me the option to vote for myself because they can't put me in the ballot because what I'm doing is not typical.

So out of you who have chosen yourself, shall a chosen people arise. let's vote. This is how we do it. So now that I have presented to you the divine information in which I received, now I ask you, what would the Antichrist look like if he were to reveal himself? Whether or not I am the Antichrist, I will let you decide for yourself. I presented

to you my game, and now you can make accurate assessments as to whether my game is the new world order. I'm not going to push this election at Murdoch any more than I already have. I've notified people about it online, and that's as far as my reach can go, so I just hope that it works and people vote for me. It's very difficult to be voted for when the systems won't put your name on the ballot.

I had the same problem in 2013 when I ran for prime minister. Censor me and you lose me world. Goodbye. You're the weakest link. Censor me

and you declare war on my ivory, the Christ. Your life will be much better spent as a false prophet than doing what everybody else is doing.

For false prophets will be given many rewards in heaven, for eventually they become real ones.

Eventually, we will all have to get the mark in order to survive. But thanks to God's divine plan, we will be able to choose which mark to receive. Engage in procuring your tattoo. De-processing program of America.

Please insert your forearm into the forearm receptacle identity card. Document number G24LA. Well, I'm not sure. You have entered the name Not Sure.

Is this correct? Not Sure. No, it's not. Thank you. Not is correct. Is sure, correct? No, it's not. Already confirmed. Your first name is not. Please confirm your last name. Sure. My last name is not sure. Thank you. What I mean is my name is Joe. Confirmation is complete. Please wait while I tattoo your new identity on your arm.

Can we cancel this? Can we cancel this and just go back to the beginning? They're going to test. Ow! Can I speak to your supervisor? Please hold still for your photograph.

Just be careful what you choose, because your choices are permanent.

If I wanted to, I could have lied in all of this. I could have said I was Jesus. But I wanted all this to work, so I tricked you with the truth. If you want to learn the truth and you haven't picked it up yet, then I recommend that you watch this show again from the beginning and examine it in perspective with what you now know.

Because if you carefully examine my sleight of hand,

because I flipped it and retained the same conclusions,

they were right. They were just a few thousand years ahead of time and blamed the wrong person. And all the people were amazed, and said, Is this not the son of David?

But when the Pharisees heard it, they said, This fellow doth not cast out devils, but by Beelzebub, the prince of devils. And Jesus knew their thoughts, and said unto them, Every kingdom divided against itself is brought to desolation. And every city or house divided against itself shall not stand. If Satan casts out Satan, he is divided against himself.

How shall then his kingdom stand? And if I, by Beelzebub, cast out devils, by whom do your children cast them out? Therefore they shall be your judges. But if I cast out devils by the Spirit of God, then the kingdom of God is come unto you.

Or else how can one enter a strong man's house and spoil his goods, except he first bind the strong man, and then he will spoil his house? He that is not with me is against me, and he that gathered not with me scattered abroad.

Wherefore I say unto you, all manner of sin and blasphemy shall be forgiven unto men, but the blasphemy against the Holy Ghost shall not be forgiven unto man or woman. because what I am doing is not blasphemy.

That is only your interpretation because you're stupid. I have already had quite a few people contact me asking about joining. I have not replied because a one-sentence, hey, can I join question is not good enough for this type of thing. anyway go purchase a camera and take project notebook it'll help you get started and start thinking about your first production it's probably best to do TV shows TV shows are much easier because you can continue from where you left off but I know it might be difficult for you to do that at first so maybe start out with a short film and then progress into feature films but But contact me and actually, you know, send me paragraphs and tell me what you think you can do to help this cause because I'm not looking for sheeples, I'm looking for people who can actually make ethical choices themselves.

So if you're one of those persons, people, then contact me. Please include all the contact information requested or I will not get back to you. And I won't call you, so if your email's not there, it's not going to happen. I have to be very careful with who I interact with.

I have to protect my heart. I will not direct you in the content in which you're going to provide. That is your decision, because you are the new prophet. I do not care what sources you invest into in order to obtain your prophetic messages.

However, I do recommend God.

That's the only solution that will work out best for you at the end. A prophet who is wrong is a prophet who has a life mission to make it right. If you want the best start to all I am saying, before you begin, you must travel up a mountain with a tent and spend three nights there, fasting and talking to whatever forces you're about to use to prophetically speak the future. You must do this alone and I recommend you do it with a camera, but do not release that footage. Keep it for yourself to always remember your direction.

You have three days and three nights to work out all of your problems.

Then you will walk down from your mountain with that newly engraved stone in your hand.

And that will be your template for your life mission. You must take your newly discovered knowledge and spend the rest of your life sharing it with all of those who will listen. If you fail again and again and again, save your life and stop, because you obviously didn't have the dedication to make it happen. The devotion to actualize your heart.

By the grace of God, salvation is free, but that process results in eternal works. Because the one who does not understand and asks for salvation selfishly will not receive it. Therefore, bear fruits in keeping with repentance, and do not begin to say to yourselves, We have Abraham for our father. For I say to you, from these stones, God is able to raise up children to Abraham.

Indeed, the axe is already laid at the root of the trees. So every tree that does not bear good fruit is cut down and thrown into the fire. I am saying, a long time ago, my mother was shocked by this picture, and it ultimately resulted in her no longer speaking to me. These structural reflections came about from my second course, my reflected death, in which I traveled to hell and back to obtain this golden key. I now present it to the entire world as a solution to all of our problems, and it came from one who almost ended his life in front of the entire world.

I don't desire to continue. As long as my heart beats, I'm still going to give you no longer available thanks to the police. Just replace that with you. Because will you raise your hand?

The old world order suppresses the conditions necessary for prophets to be formed in our society. So your objective is to open up those pathways again so that our society might form prophets once again in which we can trust to lead us to our future utopian society. You must be one of these prophets, but you must encourage your brothers and sisters to also stand up.

There is no such thing as a last prophet, because that would mean that our human species is extinct. A world without prophets is called hell.

And there is no help for that world.

Because you is power.

Because I won't stop until everybody hears the good news.

They can make their decisions for themselves. Now hold your crown so that the enemy does not take it from you. Almost done spending money.

Those who offer no hope within their prophetic statements are your false prophets. As if I am not doing that. I am showing you very clearly their techniques in which they use to brainwash you.

I have sent this request about 10 times so far and they keep rejecting it. I'm just continuing to annoy them. It's funny. What is even more funny is that the Illuminati themselves are more receptive to these ideas than they are.

Maybe because it was them who created me.

I am fairly certain that it is the same thing. 33 levels to work to the highest level and afterwards, 33 super secret levels.

Throughout those levels, they learn a lot of the information that I'm conveying to you now, but that knowledge remains secret to their order. The only reason I am able to give you this information is because it's already within me. I did not stumble upon it in my world. I reconstructed what I already knew, what I saw.

Their objective is to control without consent. My objective is to control with your consent. I trick you by telling you the truth. They trick you through your mass media.

Your first course of action is to brainwash yourself out of that crap. I say replace your media with me, but the only reason that I say that is because other people are not doing this yet. You should replace your media with me and those like me.

No matter what age you are, if you are not in school, you need to go back to school.

And you need to study all of the things in which can assist you to bring your prophecy to fruition. Be a spy. Your goal is to flip all of your studies on their head. If you cannot do this, then the Spirit is not with you.

Because whether you are human, demon, or angel, the gift from God is for... God will smile upon you and enable you to perform miracles. if you appreciate it for its gift but that is not required because this is free independent of what you believe for this is the part that is the essence open source heart TV that God offers because a camera does not lie and when we record Injustice. You just handcuffed me.

I did, mate, because I didn't know if you got a weapon or not. A weapon? I'm trying to record that, how you said you don't need just cause. You can put me in handcuffs like this.

Because we had to even have you saw me. I hurt myself.

After injustice?

Products of all the time, but usually products of poor parenting. And why do we do this? Why do we have children and not be able to take care of them? So the ones that end up, you know, falling out of their prams, end up growing up entirely different than everybody else and it's really because they didn't get the emotional connections from their mother that they needed and I'm the lost boy too like even though I might be the leader I'm still one of them and I wasn't Just looking for a mother for me, looking for a mother for all of my children.

And it's always been so hard because the type of person that I am, my psychology wasn't received well within society.

Yeah. You're smart? No, I'm recording, man. I'm doing a project. I'm doing a project.

That's scary. Do you go to those? No, I'm sorry, man. I'm poor.

You're poor? Yeah, I'm poor. Do you live on the streets? Well, I live in the mountains.

What? Don't. You live on a family. How does that work?

I'm recording. What are you doing?

I'm just wondering, how do you live on a family? Why are you doing that? Did you just rob me? after injustice after injustice after injustice i could keep going on indefinitely my material has caught some really frightening things station i'm just going off the road to uh start park I'm leaving on Tuesday, but I don't have a car. Is that a problem? Like, I don't have a choice.

Okay, so you're going to hassle me all the time. Kent, you have to own a car! I'll get longer. Is that a problem, being from America?

No, no, no, no. Thanks to us camping. Yeah, you're right, mate. Just give us five minutes.

Oh, I'm just going to say if we can give him a lift in five minutes. Yeah, thanks, mate. Yeah, one minute. Thank you. It means a lot.

Um, really bad to me. What idea do you got? What do you mean? Identification.

I got a driver's license. Yeah, come have a look at that, mate. Can I ask why? Yes, mate, because I spoke to you last week.

I do remember.

Okay, and can I ask why? Yes, because I want to check to you why. Okay. Did you know answer why?

Yeah, yeah, I did. I just said... But that's not a reason. That's just...

That's a stupid reason. No, that's a stupid reason. It did, because you would probably take me to your station otherwise. No, I wouldn't.

You would. So if I refuse my identification to you, you would not take me to the station?

Ben, Benny, Benny Sand, Ben Salton, Senior Constable. Can I have your badge number, please?

They don't do that. Okay.

It's American things. I'm at the Sharp Park. I don't have an address yet. You can do a check.

Now I have. You haven't even stolen anything. Never.

Is it? I mean, you guys are always pulling me over. And then you do a check. And then you do, and then you find out that I've never done anything wrong in my life.

And then, and then you go away. Like, it's really annoying. It's really irritating. Just because I can't afford a car?

Like, is that, do you, how about, do you pull, like, people like me over all the time on the road? Like, the same person over again and again and again? And the thing is, you were irritated because I was trying to help a chicken that got hit by a car, which we had to be put down. That was human inflicted.

And it suffered. And you didn't care. And the vet was right there. And you didn't.

I don't want to talk to him, he's the one that forced me to talk to him. Okay, so that was useless. That was useless. You can't win against me, society.

Because you are chicken. I can't afford bond. Just trying to find a home. Been homeless for over three years.

Don't know anyone. No one cares. moved on homeless people exist because those who are unable to comport the social norm repeat accommodation that is oppression first they gave a number to call what I called their head office and they didn't transfer me and now I've been waiting for agents so when there's an emergency this guy's they wanted my residential address I'm sorry consciousness I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. Get rid of all cars. I mean, this is terrible. Especially the species. You know, people are going really fast by here. Like, almost hitting me, too. They don't care. No one cares about anyone or anything anymore except themselves. Fuck you, society. What you do to everything you touch.

Close your eyes, my friend. For ages, like I've been waving him, flagging him and everything, just waiting. You know, this animal is suffering. You know, it needs to be, you know, it needs help. And he's on the phone there, you know, he's just like, oh, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, the RSPCA never came out because they were too busy and the police officer was not interested in helping at all.

So I had to carry that chicken to a vet. They assessed the chicken and had to put it down because it was too expensive to heal it.

Because now you are the police officer. And you actually have heart. Will you help me help all the animals in which we inflict pain upon? Including our own species.

life is amazing and it is its essence in which I worship can we start worshiping the correct investments the ones which will pay off in the long run we are supposed to be stewards of this planet can we once and for all start acting like it I was going to combine this project with the final part of my semester at university but due to what God has made it I think we're almost finished here I will write your Ten Commandments and you can have the choice whether or not you want to follow them because when one can see God and they trained in the art of dramaturgical education they will also be able to show other people God it's probably best anyway if I don't include this content in my university because I actually want to finish my philosophy degree this semester how can there be no rapture when I am here speaking to you in the clouds. Do you think I will be the only one to do it? Because soon the human species as we know it will become. How will you obtain your power? Will you fly

like me? If others tell you that you are a false prophet then I congratulate you for becoming a prophet not to be confused with prophets just let it happen I don't really have anything to say to them but the link does I will wait I'm still being added to more ironically I might be the first to ascend but are you going to still reject the rapture after all of God's children do as well what if you stumble what if you fall then God will pick you right back up it's time to stop praying about our problems and start prophesying their solutions. Are you proud of me, mother, father, brother? I am sorry, but I had a mission to accomplish.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



14-Time-Masheen-Stream-09-The-Televised-Revolution

marketing tool social networking don't forget it I have prayed about it and I will not leave these groups for they are my people I will collect them and as long as they don't ban me I will keep feeding them the word in flesh this is is reality. Please consider what I am saying now and not later. If it was not for the camera I would have never accepted this but it is hard to reject what is right in front of you. God taught me how to track my memory with the camera and that taught me how to teach myself. By learning how to teach myself

learned how to teach you so many people want to join this crap do you know why because they offer money but I offer you something much more valuable than money the forbidden fruit I don't care what you say because I I am your because I pushed this election at mur- They do not even care about their own ethical policies. It's a farce played upon you. Whose trick was better, mine or theirs? Whose opened your eyes and whose closed them?

The Christ. Who do you think will win that war? I don't even have to say. The answer is self-evident. You are welcome to challenge me, and we will have a good old-fashioned debate about it, in which I will win. But if you question Ivory, there is no chance of you ever winning.

By worshiping God and returning to its, to say that Satan cannot perceive this is to make a categorical mistake. If what I am doing is blasphemy, let God strike me down, and I will be looking forward to Judgment Day so that I might reap the consequences for my sins. And then this morning I felt in my obligation to inquire whether these guys right here were interested in it because there is a lot of things that are wrong with this picture even beyond the immediately obvious. But I have seen this happen all throughout my journeys where people that provide evidence like this end up getting seriously injured.

So I had two demands when I walked in there, and that was human decency for who they're speaking to and protection for those who would experience the ramifications of releasing this footage. They did not care. And ultimately ended up kicking me out. Because of course, evidence into a major crime that could get out of hand even larger than it is, is not important enough to sit down and speak to someone like a human for a little while. So that's what we do.

Because what we do, when we record it on camera, becomes what they will do.

Guns are banned in Australia.

When you record footage of major crimes occurring, that footage means nothing to the cops. Because they are Illuminati, and you are the new cops. I have really hated myself for this, but this is a time machine, so let's fix it.

That is a really stupid reason. Your whole species. So you society don't answer why?

Oh, I answered why. I told you something that was entirely irrelevant to the question in which you asked. hey man you want to know the truth i'm just a homeless guy and i've been traveling around australia for a long time and i'm just trying to find a home and this place isn't welcoming me so i guess i won't make a home here but you know i was just traveling back from the supermarket trying to obtain food so i didn't starve i'm sorry that i did not have a car i was poor and very very hungry. But please trust me because I did not kill anyone and that is more than I can say for your cars. All throughout my homeless journeys, the cops would not stop harassing me

because I am your enemy. One who spends their entire life helping people and not those who actually literally hurt people. Is the conditions in which you provide society appropriate enough to erect, to produce your new saviors? Are the prophets given enough room to be able to show themselves? Why would you hate a person who is giving their entire lives to help you? That is

your sickness and that is what you must resolve in order to bring about more people like myself in this world. I am the master deceiver. I was up front from the beginning because the picture in which you clicked on said you. But you clicked on it. When I asked for their badge number I knew

that Australia didn't do that. So I've never even stolen anything whatsoever in my life and I still end up in prison in solitary confinement for one week. Is that justice? They dropped the case and declared it under section 32, meaning that I was mentally unfit to be aware of my actions.

please understand that they never made a case to begin with all they did was lie and put it down on paper I am very ready to continue that court case so please bring it back up and then I will be able to defend myself but you didn't allow me to do that because you would not allow me to speak all you would allow me to do is walk from one place to the other in handcuffs and then you would skip meals and give me stuff that I was unsure whether was vegetarian or not what is evil what is Illuminati why is this so easy for me to present because you are wrong. In one moment, all in which happened in around six years, happened in one second, and I was very frightened of the future. I became a time traveler, not the moment that I pressed the record button for the first time, but the time in which God showed me the future please stop doing this unless you are my friend my friends are my equals if you cannot do that then please move along if i will not be your friend right now then you have a mission so that means that you must get your work up to scratch my friend because i won't bother if it's not let's capture the magic on camera

don't worry it's funny not sad so this is my attainment for my life project can you see how we remove evil from our lives it is not by making it good it is by being evil which I will show you how to do and hopefully that will result in our own distraction. A credit plus for my last assignment which was my life project a a 60% for this assignment, which I also think is a credit, maybe a credit plus, for this assignment. I made a C. How awesome am I?

Let me show you how you can also make a C for your assignment, and be smarter than all those guys who make a... I say guys. So you can't prove that I am wrong, but you still only give me this how fair is that universities do not expect you to do this so please do this and then you will track how awesome you are over time and then they will have no basis to stand on after you prove yourself to be super awesome and they prove themselves to be stupid. If you are not sure what has just been graded please check out Project Notebook chapter 10. I will bide

my time and shut up until I finish my degree and then I will wreak havoc. Because of this I will not get into honors of philosophy. That means that I I must do a masters of community development because philosophy would not let me into the field in which I studied. So that means that I am not able to get into honors of philosophy which is really sad because that is what I was trying for with all of this but it will be funny so let's see it to its fruition.

If you want to help me, please help me create a career out of what I have already created. If I only affect the hearts of some Satanists, what can we become? Are we going to leave our wounds open? Humans suck.

Will you be better? You have seen me on camera both succeed and fail. And now it is your turn to interpret the information. Are you learning from university? Is it making you a better person?

60% Fuck you. I will change the world with my 60%. And because I gave you a chance in being in on everything that I am saying and you give me 60% for that, I will not include you in all of my future endeavors.

Depart from me. You never knew me. I gave your university a chance. And now I will make it without university because that is not education.

I will show you what education is. I made a promise to them And I have not reneged on that promise.

I told them that I would do my best to try to include them in all of its future developments if they only enabled that to happen, if they only allowed what I said to happen. And they did not, so let's see the results of those actions.

What is education? Are you learning anything by watching me just talk crap?

Is anybody else learning from me by talking crap?

I can talk a lot of crap. Let's see how much crap I can talk for the rest of my life. She is the philosophy coordinator. You, nor does your degree, offer insight into the human condition in which you offer.

You and your companions have done everything possible to remove me from my future destiny.

However, I am strong and you are fake. So I will spend the rest of my life disproving what you think is philosophy. Maybe I fail at getting into honors and as a result what I want to do for the rest of my life.

But you fail as a teacher who cares. I will take my career far beyond Murdoch.

You will retire soon.

I look forward to being your eternal replacement, despite not being capable of obtaining honors.

Because the problem is you, not me. me and I have spent my life documenting why why enjoy the finale of Murdoch's last chance in which I revealed all of your inadequacies welcome to the open source republic I was never asking me sent the exact same thing only one modification fuck you Murdoch everything is so much easier now because I have nothing to strive for except fucking you over do you want to know how to educate yourself it is not through a university or any other education practice. After I finish my degree at Murdoch, I'm going to search for other schools who would actually appreciate what I have to offer. I'm going to search for schools who actually examine what I do and want to help me do what I do better start how many people can you make look foolish it's been advertised around i didn't ask for this pretty funny there see because this the heart of the internet will soon forever be yours but eventually our demons will do the work for us there are no grammatical errors throughout my essay it is intended to be like that and you You girl are an idiot.

What she shall record is hers and only her decision. My minor essay in which saved the world. Liberation. I could give less than two fucks about Murdoch now that they have screwed up my chances to get into honors. Let's fuck up the world, angels. Because if you are not in the Illuminati,

it is unlikely that you will make good grades. But I am showing you how to make your own good grades. Hi Wendell. Yes, I agree. I can be oppressive at times. Because now is time

for you to think it's okay it will happen these are the only murdoch groups that i'm connected to it will have to do because eventually all students will confess thank you i hope you enjoy the rapture because no one is safe from our camera do what it's called looking at what's in front of you it will come when we make it happen not so our church for she is coming in the clouds and every eye shall see even her trolls I might have screwed up my life to the point where I can no longer make a career. But at least I saved the world doing it. Can I get away with making a time machine? Totologically. And we must

be careful who we follow. Because those who we are forced to follow, often times, most do not even follow their own protocols. Those who are strong enough to assert their own rights have a responsibility to protect others because a new day is upon us and we will learn to remove all from our lives and which harms us. The events in which unfold within your life are there for reason. Capitalize on them. It matters not. The kings and queens of the world will vote

themselves in. The Antichrist has your choices, which you're going to provide. That is your decision, because you are the new prophet. What she shall record is hers, and only her decision. Can I see your driver's license? Because I spoke to you last week. That is a very good

reason, isn't it? A stupid reason. Because the world we now live in needs no reason to treat you with injustice. University.

Fuck that. Going all the way, baby. Meh. You're wrong, Wendell.

I will show you who is wrong. It's the Illuminati that we call an education system. Did Murdoch educate me? Am I an educated man?

I have already won this election. It does not matter what happens.

You going to? You going to? There we go.

Did you think that I did not know how all of this would turn out? I am a time traveler. Please open your eyes. Because when you already know what's going to happen, all you have to do is set the stage and let the non-player characters do their thing how many souls do I read every day let me shine the light on it for you one cannot be a satanic atheist nonsense remains nonsense no matter how you spin If I suddenly go quiet and stop promoting my work, then you know that I have been incarcerated.

I am finished with university. If you are in a position in which you could help me find a job doing this, then please help me. If you cannot, then I will work it out eventually, because I am a called man, and the jobs in which you guys do are not appropriate for me. This world needs to learn how to support its profits, or there will be hell to pay.

This one, too. Let us see where it is. Of course. Because this is...

because this is our time to shine never going to stop because I will succeed we are going to piss off the world but we will save it at the same time because people make judgments before actually examining the work fuck me two minutes ago. How long does it take for you to assess your character? We'll get both. Because if my people do not listen, then they too will be reaped. Exactly. Please do this before contacting me.

Waiting for the Messiah. And now I will tell you why she is the one you should listen to and not me. All of this is a result of hate, of bitterness, of hostility. yes I managed to save the world doing it but this is not solid foundations to begin this utopian society in which I outlined to you you need someone who is inspired by love and not hate you need a mother because yours fucked you up It's been like six years, my family, many brothers and sisters of all colors and nationalities.

I will show you. It's you. Just because you don't immediately understand something doesn't mean that it's not true. You know, you actually have to take the time to look at the material, the content, and then you can make your judgments.

Yeah. Let's get this show on the road. Ninetales. Okay. Fuck you.

It is time to rise my demons.

It is time for us to start our own university. Because today is Labor Day, and it is about time that we fixed our labor force.

What do you want to be when you grow up? I suggest you choose prophecy. Become a prophet. The pay will be enough for you to sustain your own life, and that is all you need.

How many souls will you take? Because the more you do, the more powerful you will become.

You better believe it. Otherwise, your soul is mine. This is it. Right now.

This second. The moment the world shook. I assure you that somehow it equals 666.

It's time to watch our course from the very beginning so we can know how to end it. Come on, this is how we end it.

Easier just to do this. I launched Open Source University on May 21st 2012. May 21st is my ex-wife Jenna's birthday and I kind of launched it on that day to celebrate her birthday. Although she doesn't talk to me, she never talks to me. She cut communications right after she left me. A-proved. A-proved.

that was a really bad movie but I am your and so if you are going to be in a group like this then you should expect me sorry lady I don't repeat myself you are the weakest link goodbye Me the troll. Let's do this. Turn off the notifications and leave them. Depart from me. You never knew me. I don't want to be here. Yep. You are the weakest link. Goodbye.

What am I doing? What am I doing? Awesome. Bang. You can do it. I'm just going to keep getting these world. It's not going to stop.

actually just the opposite eventually I won't be able to monitor it these are my votes and now they greatly outweigh my haters ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha so funny good job Wendell I was right to begin with because he called me Wesley which there's no way could have watched any of my content if he's calling me Wesley. Nah, watch. I'm up to episode six now. It's not even over yet. It's almost over. How can we

measure intelligence? It is not through one's IQ because this show was never really about me teaching you how to time travel, but instead how to become a prophet. Would you have bothered watching this if I said as my advertising force that I was trying to teach you how to be a prophet how well did the Antichrist do in tricking you because it was my responsibility not to only trick an entire nation but the entire world because those who see will speak and it will travel by word of mouth from here on out we are going to be famous baby I now know what I need to do for the final episode however I'm just going to finish watching all of this first this is what I called the dance floor of where I live and I could see the crown on top of Black Mountain a two-parter let's finish with part two no thank you watch it's like a drug I just need more and more and more and more and more and more once you get in the rhythm of doing this once you find the music once you can hear the music and then play it using your camera then this becomes the drug to the healthiest drug humankind has ever known I am the pathetic mortal at least I am NOT lying about being immortal check your facts this video I don't have to be alive for it to be alive I forgot to mention I also did it with cross of man don't overlook that one don't overlook any of my productions. God made me a promise and God does not renege on its promises. This is going to

happen. I succeeded God. May I please have my reward now? Because something magical happens when you press the record button. It's called evidence. And if you are to dispute the evidence

displayed right in front of you, then I wish you luck with that. But let me tell you, it's not going to work out very well for you.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



14-Time-Masheen-Stream-10-Hail-the-Christ

So I see a third, one, four, six. The day I became a world leader, it just took you a little bit of time to catch on.

Time travel. Dear God, please save my future friends.

Let's see how close I hit to the mark. It makes me so sad. But what can I do to fix this destructive practice that our greedy culture encourages? How can I break the cycle for all of humanity?

And I utilize my own unique psychology to obtain my desired audience of everyone. The more I understood my own psychology, the more I was able to manipulate it to find my niche audience, young females. And as a result, parents will be required to examine my work to assess its content. They will then be required to make an ethical decision whether or not they deem the material appropriate for their children.

And those who make the one and only wise decision will be the best parents possible to encourage their children to direct their lives towards wisdom. And over time, the margin of girls that fall in love with wisdom will set a new standard for females. And if males want any chance with such golden females, then they too will be required to direct themselves towards wisdom. and the girls that I train to be real women will grow into the new rulers of both men and man if boys refuse to strive for noble ideals.

If I could only connect with my fellow human brothers and sisters like I do my animal friends, If I was only accepted within society, like I am with my very distant relatives, how did I get so close to them, but stay so distant from those who share my biological makeup? makeup. But you see, it took much time for my animal friends to accept me. I had to learn how to comport my body, mind, and spirit within their presence. And eventually they became just as

interested in me as I was, them. And even though they would shiver with their nose stuck in the ground, I would always patiently wait around for them to get used to my presence. And when they learn, I truly love them out of their prison and bask in the love I have to give them. And as a result, both of us become better creatures. Because you see, I have no hate

in my heart for I have spent my life eradicating it. I love all of creation and it always ends up loving me and you can track back my character throughout my life and see for yourself who I am because my heart is proudly presented for the entire world to embrace if they so choose. And those who do this will receive everything that I have within me for the rest of my life. Because I am here to show you all that love is the answer to all of our problems. And if we have lost the capacity to learn how to best love everybody, then

we have also lost the potential to continue our human existence. Because you see, love is a sword and those who reject it will be facing its blade. For I have now drawn the line in the sand for each and every one of you to understand. And it is now your choice what side you will stand on.

today is december 20th 2012 and tomorrow is the end of the world question that i ask each and every one of you is whether or not we will leave it at that we have an option here to change absolutely everything within our world we can split time and obtain our utopian society if you only support open source education. And I have the rest of my life, however long that may be, to make this happen. And just remember, before you make ignorant judgments, I never turn back. Because things are never as they first appear.

Because this was my mission. for this semester. I hope you enjoy my toils. I hope it shine light to the reality of our current education system because what I have is proof and Murdoch has done that. Can you

see? This little icon right here means they can. This guy can also see. How tricky is the Antichrist. You decide. Genius is a talent for producing something for which no determinate

rule can be given, not a predisposition consisting of a skill for something that can be learned by following some rule or other. Talent hits a target no one else can hit. Genius hits a target no one else can see how did I do 60% baby how is it possible for stupid people yes professors and tutors to measure the intelligence of a genius they can't who will be your new world order professors should we make room for universities in this system when universities have demonstrated how they do not support this and how they can't support this because their systems aren't able to be able to do that even when they have to break their own code of ethics they suppress it because it's all a coded message dear Wendell discipline regulations investigating general misconduct because that is your current education system getting in trouble for making a TV show this TV show song of wind is a practical demonstration of the highest quality of education that the internet will ever be able to provide welcome to our new golden age this is your new classroom and they love lying because they refused this thanks Peter there's your mark of the beast we know which side you have chosen fuck you Peter because this isn't the case because all I have done is recorded your own actions so your own actions speak for themselves that entire situation landed me with two zeros and one two that's in percent for the entire unit and that's the reason why I can't get into honors and philosophy the higher orders will do everything it can to stop this and you must not let it do that all of this was destined to happen it just takes time machine but there is still one thing that is destined to happen that has not yet happened so this finale will be dedicated to her that is what I get for picking the scab off I do not know how old you are that's why I was prepared to cover quite a few different age ranges but I do know that you are young. Your name could possibly be Ashley but if not that is our daughter. I do know that the titles get

cut off when you're using a mobile device. I'm working on fixing that because they allow posts like this but they do not allow posts like this. Can you see. They did. So did they. How did I do, girl? It was all for you. Because, girl, this is

how we find our knowledge. The way in which I structure my material, one cannot sit on the fence and every prophet should do the same with theirs my love I know this is a lot of content and I present it to you very rapidly and I'm sorry that I had to do it that way but there was no other way that I could find you this information would have been much easier to digest if it was short amounts over a long period of time, but because of the conditions in which I'm in, I wasn't able to do that and I had to stand out in order to find you. So I understand that this is a lot of content for you and now you're probably kind of freaking out in your own head because you're like, hey, I'm Messiah, like, or am I Messiah? Maybe you're questioning whether you're Messiah or not.

And I know that's a lot to put on you, I'm sorry, but that's your cup. Father, if thou be willing, remove this cup from me. Nevertheless, not my will, but thine, be done. You gotta do it, girl.

Unite together. This isn't it. What have you done to me? Why? What are you doing? Come on. Wake up. Wake up. What are you doing? This isn't it. This isn't what life's about. It's not about money. It's not about jobs. It's not about what you're doing. What are you doing? Wake up. Wake up. Wake up.

Always Must not be bitter like I am That is not the mother that humanity needs

Your project is to resolve my bitterness Because that is not the father that humanity needs either Probably gonna be put under a disciplinary action, but yeah, it's a good chance Yeah, send it Kind of a mistake, but I guess I was not asking, was I?

The world needs a mother who will look out for their best interest, even though they don't want her to. They need someone firm who knows how to put them in their place, but also knows how to rock them back to sleep and tell them bedtime stories. They need someone who will protect them, who will teach them, who will stand up against oppression for them. Maybe Murdoch doesn't take their code of ethics seriously, but you need to take yours seriously.

You need to exercise tact and each interaction in which you have with others, you need to examine who it is that you're speaking to, consider their psychological makeup and how you could modify it to improve efficiency without them realizing. You need to demonstrate character through your actions so you can be a good role model for your children.

You can't be normal though, girl. It will never work if you are.

You have to be different and you have to stand out. Do you want to know why they put me under disciplinary action? it was because of song of wind but the thing is is that they only could examine the actions in which i took and not in relation to the films so they did not examine my work so they are guilty of the same exact thing in which i'm pointing out here i guess it's not that they did not examine in my work. It's that they would not. You have to be beautiful for the camera, my love. I guess I will

be jealous, but your objective is to make every guy in this world fall in love with you. You must not only do this with your appearance, but your personality and the things you use in this environment, you need to utilize everything in which you have to make really, really strong, powerful productions. You must carefully contemplate all of the really sad things in this world that make you cry and you need to be okay with crying on camera and this might be difficult considering you have now found me and your life is about to be amazing. But I do ask you to hold on to those thoughts in which you now experience and utilize them to help you achieve a better outcome in the future for people that feel like you do about that. If I am a false prophet,

then what is a real profit? I don't see any in this world. We must change that girl and we must spend our life invested in protecting those who open up about their psychology publicly. We are all fearful of exposing who we are because Because we are afraid that other people will negatively judge us.

We must provide the environment for our children to open up publicly about who they are and not feel like they're going to be attacked for it. Because some subjects will land you in prison just by utilizing this. If we are to open up about our evils within, we must find a way to purify them.

A taboo subject is a subject that has not yet been fully explored. We must demonstrate why our children should not be glued to this, but instead to this. You should not be frightened because God sent me here to help you do it all. I've been very lonely because my heart is attached to only you.

I am madly in love with you and it has been really difficult for me over these past six years and I've tried so hard and I was homeless for so long and it was so hard and I still did it even though I was homeless and it wouldn't matter if I had a home because I didn't know anyone and I didn't fit in and everybody considers me crazy because they don't think someone like me could ever exist so they judge me as someone who I'm not before they even get to know me and most people won't even get to know me because once I raise one topic that makes them uncomfortable then I'm no longer their friend so I love you girl I love you so much you and I will be focusing on two different areas in philosophy but we will create a unison with them you must not forget your origins for you are royalty you must not only believe but also know that you are not the queen of spades spread your wings my love do not doubt yourself you You are what you are, and you were built to sit on that throne. And I think this goes without saying, standing here in the heart of the night, heart of my nation, El Aphrodite. Thank you, Jenna, for divorcing me so that I could find my true love and perform God's Will. Destiny.

By Wendell Charles NeSmith. February 2012. In the beginning God brought about all this and cast a conscious self-awareness within Adam and Eve. And it was good.

God was made their environment, their origin. The generations and the ones with solid foundations outlasted any sort. Ideals are passed by written through a medium such as scroll. I don't even know where my phone is, there it is, here we go.

The judgment unlocks her shackles and manifests itself for its superfluous qualities and one will be in common understanding to realize that the reason for all errors in judgment is only a result of a learning process or sheer laziness to educate oneself. No longer will the government rule or educate each other. The result of our answer problems will determine the possibility to continue to exist. Judgment day will come upon us, and we will have to pay for the consequences of our actions.

So will I. Evolution will inquire into our overall well-being, and we must answer honestly. What's your answer? When the search for knowledge is at everyone's fingers, the mind lets go of needy...

I'm rich. ...for then that keeps us shackled to turmoil. Thus to live without any... What can I do?

When we come to unend suffering, our disdain... We suffer when we identify pain in acceptance of what is manipulated by it. The atrocities of our past massacres paint this image and calls into question whether one can claim to be good while allowing such events to unfold. As a learned individual who is skilled in the art of rhetoric paints their picture on the world, the creation resembles its origin.

The darkness in which we live in our souls manifests itself in our character and environment. The only way to overcome such things is through individual action, welcoming all persecution, subjugation, and oppression that it incurred. Let us brief a simple modification of the term to not identify oneself within, but instead demonstrate inclination towards, without limiting, could solve many of our irrelevant, our identification of the self is not. in this or that towards the one philosophical scope of our has been in the process of coming to its realization significant developments can be seen and our human consciousness evolves as a result hostility from diversion or lack thereof is asked one question what will you do with this question will determine if one is or is not their soul. Reason is a form of logic, and if your reasons do not utilize logic, then

they are not reasons. This production turned out perfectly, as do all of them, because Because that is what happens when you let God work through you. Because God can even turn the devil into an angel. I have really enjoyed doing this.

I hope you enjoyed it and I hope I performed well for you. It's always hard to pick my favorite production, because they are all so awesome. But I think this is it, because it did not focus on one particular thing, but everything in which I focused on. It was fun to trick you into thinking that I am a time traveler, but through the experience, I learned that I am.

It was most fun trapping Murdoch in a snare because they have been really horrible to me since I started studying there. But Murdoch is not the only conglomerate in which got caught in my snare. Unfortunately I will not be able to address every concern in which I presented to you here because the government made it very clear to me that if I continued to do that that they would lock me up in a forensics hospital for the rest of my life none of this would have been possible unfolded as it did if it were not for God telling me not to re-release my old work until I found you girl dear girl. You are my entire world. Everything revolves around you. Please be mine. Will

you please marry me? We'll give absolutely everything to you and do my best to ensure that we have a really happy life together and I will ensure that we are taken care of because that is my duty and I will ensure that you receive every opportunity to develop your body your mind and your spirit marry me. Because, my love, this cup does not have to be a burden. It can be amazingly fun. Please do not forget that I am your disciple and not vice versa. Our world is

going to get very crazy shortly and I worry about you. You are safest by my side. I know it might be difficult and I am not financially blessed at the moment. So wherever you are in the world it will take time and this is probably a good thing because i'm not sure how old you are but we'll work it out i use australian english but that is only because murdoch kept counting me down for using American spellings.

Ah, it's still going, oh nice. Now I ask you, the viewer, to make your judgments. Am I a time traveler? Am I the antichrist?

Is the antichrist bad? Is he a bad guy? In time, we will figure out who I tricked. I only hope and pray that it wasn't you because the truth is not that I received a 60% for my life project.

The truth is that I received 100%. There is nothing that can go wrong with this. Everything that will happen as a result is right. Do you perceive me receiving 60% or 100%?

A 6 or a 10? My old work? Maybe a 9. But I stepped it up.

How did I do this? By accepting who I am entirely. Now it's time for you to do this, girl. Look close.

As always, my love, you are my finale. This will never change, even when you are right there beside me. Because you are my hope on my knees, and you are my faith, you are my love, my religion. Because my dear, you are worth waiting for, for two thousand years.

Now please save humanity. Your children really need you. I love you with all of my heart.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



14-Time-Masheen-Stream-11-U

Introduction to your new time machine. What is a sociological experiment? The experiment simple. How can I convey as much meaning as possible?

And available in all formats. And if I am to relate this to an instance of everyday life Then, what topics will I choose to focus on? Because what we first may see can potentially be inaccurate if we do not closely examine what has occurred. Out of all that I choose to convey to you, what type of information should I convey?

Because we should all get the opportunity even if we have misunderstood its contents. Because sometimes the universe aligns. How would I make a reference using such a system? And how much meaning could I gear it to convey?

How would one note their references in such material?

How am I to gear such a huge project When the one who I am presenting it to is in breach of their own ethical policies and procedures, not once or thrice, but many times, proven tautologically time and time again. And if I am to convey information, what information will I choose to convey? Because eventually, the artist will learn how to use its paints. And as they shine as a student, they will be rewarded for their toils.

the wall of stars will build as we learn to fix the bugs within our society. And even though we lack sight, we possess the ability to see. And even though it makes us very sad, I am a superhero. Or maybe I will be your supervillain. Either way, I do not care. Because now, world, even one individual has the ability to shine. But please do not make the same mistake as most by forgetting what I first presented to you.

The current methodological approach to education is not sustainable. We have many ways to interpret and convey meaning, and if you want to misunderstand those, then I encourage you to challenge my conclusions. because this is the new world order baby and I no longer have to be embarrassed about who I am because I am here to tell you that academia has strayed from its origins, and if we are to create such heights, how are we to perform it? But the only question is, who will be the one to take the technology to fruition?

How many times will I go to jail merely for telling what I see? How many times will you lock me up in a mental institution merely for showing what I truly see for all of us? This individual art unites all people and is much healthier for the population. To understand the regulation on education is to look at what the word means because I am the snake charmer, baby, and I am also the snake.

And no matter what any of you say to me, I know that what I am doing is more academically viable than any of the crap you guys are doing. because the stage of life is called dramaturgy. For each is an imprint into your own psychology. And if we are to imprint such heights onto our own psychology, what investments would reap the most rewards. Because I assure you, my friends, that we are slowly ascending.

One by one we reach the clouds, and from there we find our salvation. Because we have just taken the last bite of our old world humanity. Because no matter how you frame it, the results speak for themselves. So what are we to do when the dominant policy does not reflect our own, because it's only chaos that can produce life.

And even though I screwed up my life doing all of this, I have a moral obligation. So enjoy my stories of past, present, and future to comes, for you will likely never get another opportunity. Because if I am allowed to do whatever the crap I want, then eventually we will find all of our human solutions. Just wait, it will happen. How many generations

must we go through before we learn the consequences of our actions. Learning management system booting up. Because genius is speaking in tautology. Bang!

If you object to this form of communication, then its future is to reject you.

And what are you going to do about it? Because I have already been put under disciplinary action for doing pretty much the same thing.

Because the fruits of the heart speak for themselves. Because our only defense is a call to arms. And our cameras must abuse it. For we are actors within our own MMA.

So I am here to report a violation that you have made which conflict with your own policy.

Because tainted all throughout it are lies in which are practically explored. Time Machine is an open source time machine, designed to assist those who are interested in pursuing time travel as a career. Welcome to the New World Order, my friends. Now let us save the world together.

Eventually, we will all have to get the mark. I have chosen mine. Will they adopt love? Will our ascension be a peaceful one? And as a result, it will cause us to reconsider our values.

Can I start my words with buts and ands? Can I not be more correct by incorrectly utilizing those frameworks? Because rest assured this type of learning will create many stars. For your systems made my business.

Really difficult to solve.

Limited within your ideological social constructs. I figured it all out pretty quickly, but I had to figure out what direction to position my arrow.

It took a lot of time to learn how to do this at this capacity. And this was only made possible by choosing freedom over boob TV. Because our systems close off our heart's desire, I will share with you my demands. Because if our current systems do not develop the structures necessary to support the investigation of this type of learning method, then this learning method has no use for the university.

And the future results of it will reflect those decisions. Because I propose a one-camera-per-student policy. Over time, this will eventually encourage us all to ascend. And right before our eyes, we will see our organic solidarity.

And please do not get me wrong, because it was only made possible by this guy. thanks dude I can't wait for your sister because you better believe me because she is going to save the world because I taught her how to seduce her audience into her personality it is done and now it is time for all of us to return to that garden and live in harmony with each other and we no longer have to avoid this as we learn how to healthily partake within it. I speak in allegories and I claim that I am a lot but the truth is I am a lot. Make no mistake as to my meaning because the one camera per student policy should not be limited to university. Slowly you will see your

children ascend and you will be very proud of them because this is our future world, and how we gear it will determine its capabilities. These things are really bad and should be banned. If someone in your society possesses the ability to unite both good and evil, then that is a special individual, and society should support that individual to do what they do to the best of their ability without them starving because if we can't see what is right in front of us then we might get left behind in the last days God says I will pour out my spirit on all people your sons and daughters will prophesy your young men will see visions your old men will dream dreams because this is a Turing test for Murdoch your student just saved the world I hope you are proud now let's prod Murdoch and ask them will you do what you were ethically obliged to do I got obsessed with this technology because I'm looking for my ivory so I needed to find a way to reach her but because of doing that I discovered this technology how to use it to its maximum potential or is this its maximum potential we should ask our children that responsible care is a primary moral obligation to do good and not to do harm to others I have a problem with this point because I think sometimes we have to do a little bit of harm in order to do a lot more good and we should change that to maybe more of a utilitarian approach. I recommend that you start now because after the first few waves it will be very difficult to get famous by it. Here is my funding

proposal for my community development unit and it cost you zero dollars. You will make your choice publicly in front of the entire world. Kick me out of school if you please and that will be very funny and I will capitalize that on my work because my work is the only important thing to me and I try to use Murdoch to help me with my work and if Murdoch can't help me with my work then Why should I include Murdoch within my work? Like, why should I release the information that I have?

Why should I contribute to its total outcome? Because these subjects are all entangled with the problems that I've identified by examining the system since 2002 when I started as a student. Because the day will soon be here when there are superheroes and supervillains in real life. I am proud to be one of the first.

Which one I am, I will let you make your own decision. But I do warn you to at least consider what I'm saying before you make your decisions and before you come to any conclusions. you'll be a lot smarter if you examine all of the material before you connect all the dots because otherwise you'll misjudge so be careful complex topics take time to absorb and it's probably best if you think of me just as an actor at least i'm trying to act maybe you don't think i'm a good actor but i don't really care but that's probably best to look at like that right now but maybe you'll come to see differently and I don't care either way this is the stage of life and I was destined to be its star so are you there are many non-player characters maybe right now Murdoch is on the stage as well but what do you think I plan to do after that how many universities are there how many licks does it take to get to the center of a Tootsie Pop how many times must I press record for you to realize what is in front of you we call it life baby what can you make it another day is upon us in which the people have an opportunity to see what I'm saying and then the world would be saved yay thank you God for giving me another day so maybe one day the people will understand what I'm talking about because this will really help improve society if people just start doing this do this with your life it's so fun and do philosophy like we're really smart I mean interdisciplinary everything your Your passions are your best friends and your enemies have joined you. The final bite of the forbidden fruit, love.

Because we live in an awesome world. At this point writers struggle because English has a big gaping pronoun hole. We have no word to describe a single person if we don't know whether he or she is male or female. We could write, when a student succeeds, he should thank his teacher, she should thank her teacher, he or she should thank his or her teacher, or something else. A listener named Betty.

Surprisingly, Dr. Elaine Stocko from the School of Education at John Hopkins University and her student, Margaret Troyer, reported a few years ago that school children in Baltimore were using the slaying word yo as a gender-neutral singular pronoun.

Abide in me, and I in you, as the branch cannot bear fruit by itself. Unless it abides in the vine, neither can you. Unless you abide in me, I am the vine, you are the branches. Whoever abides in me, and I in you, you it is that bears much fruit.

For apart from me, you can do nothing.

Let us make all of this, make peace, once and for all. I did not study philosophy to fuck around. I studied it to change the world. If your systems have no ability to use my scholarly toils, then why should they benefit from their outcomes?

Why should I gear this material to promote the university to keep functioning as it does? What I am saying is tautologically demonstrated, which applies ethically to not only Murdoch, But also, because here is the truth, my friends, we can fly, but you pinion my wings by them. Here's your major essay

Because I long for the day in which we the people Can take our education system back It just takes a few goes and we might click the wrong thing every once in a while for these Restrictions are from this clone jutsu

because when yo Yo arms becomes a camera. Yo becomes a war machine. Because when we believe, we can achieve anything. But unfortunately, the process might leave you misunderstood by your stupid friends.

I declare a new nation among us, where education is free. And I have been declaring this for many years. And I have a moral obligation to see that to its fruition. And if you get in my way, then there will be difficulties.

I am not trying to do either of these. I just caught you in my web and you were the first university to be affected by it. And just to spell it out for you, because ARMS equals camera, but just make sure you get one with a light on it. You might have to look around.

I really do recommend these Sony Handicams because when we do this we make an imprint in the universe and produce fruits in which we can later reflect upon watching time and time again forever learning from the self and not these guys. Because my friends, this is the world I see, R Imprint, Yo Imprint. Be careful in your character creation process, for those results will stick with you. You clipped my wings, so I had to figure out a way to digitally augment them.

right now you are not my equal but one day you will be because my friend the new leaders of the world will see the light and eventually they will be elected into your society so that they can spend the rest of their lives dedicated to you what do yo think for even a we such as this has within it the imprint of a god because even though life leaves us prickled was all worth it Maybe it would be a good idea for Murdoch to figure out how to employ people like me. Maybe that is true with all universities. Imagine the types of people we could produce. Imagine their fruits and their collective benefit to all of mankind.

What is more valuable to you? you the dollar in your pocket or your mind the results of the methods you use right now will determine your future career possibilities this is now our new society but please do be ethically orientated because the results of that is in between your two hands because a new light is upon us and we will lead our kingdom to utopia only made possible by philosophy philosophy might not be what you think it is. Now carry your crown and don't let anyone take it from you. And never forget your past messiahs and what you did to them. Bang! Because in our MMORPG,

The nails in which bind us become exploiting the flaws in society in order to produce its best outcomes.

Will you be left behind? My life spent implementing the no-child-left-behind policy, and it fits in the frame of my camera.

The toils of our past to produce true change will eventually avalanche. Where is its value despite being in my pocket?

If yo is going to lock me into any one field of practice,

then I don't want your education.

And instead, I choose this one. Because what I am saying is true, and I am giving it my all to fix it.

For us lonesome ones are its kings and queens.

A statue of the most beautiful woman in the world placed before you. Now what will that woman become?

For she has just been gifted fairy dust to learn how to fly. And now the only limits is her own mind. For what is salvation worth to you?

Become our new messiah.

The wind will blow both left and right. But you must not let it overtake you, because I was built to teach you this. Can I frame it right? Your TV you once knew, gone.

Your replacement drug, dispensed.

Please don't begin to doubt what I know, because I know much more than I am saying. If we do what I say, then we will save everybody. Now that you know this, what is your moral obligation? Because I can split time, and now so can you.

What do you owe to the forces that enabled you to do it? Because Jesus is the archetypal image in which man should strive for. That man should then prepare the way for his other half. The number of a man is two divinely inspired individuals coming together who we're destined for.

So, the only question that remains is, will you shine? Because those who raise their hand and ascend will reach their salvation in the end. I will do my best to be a loving king and help my people.


༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
https://republicka.life
https://kkk.education
CC0 PUBLICKÁ DOMÁNIA
ALL LOVE RESERVED
AMORIARIACKA IS MY NATIVE TONGUE
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻