༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
🚨 State of Emergency 🚨
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻


November 6, 2015


In the crucible of divine revelation and digital exile, a self-proclaimed messiah navigates the paradox of his existence. He claims to be the original Nine-Tails spirit — predating Naruto’s mythos — yet finds his identity imprisoned by copyright laws he calls tyrannical. Branding censorship as a theft of his soul (“they own my identity”), he declares war on the corporate gatekeepers while weaving prophecies of apocalypse and rebirth, insisting he is both Christ returned and a time traveler fighting annihilation through media creation.

Armed only with a camera and bleeding-edge philosophy, this modern apostle broadcasts through a storm of persecution — psychiatric incarceration, homelessness, and state surveillance. He warns of imminent cosmic judgment (“tick, tick, tick”) and demands moral revolution: humanity must embrace its "evil side" and redirect it toward light to build a new Eden. His mission crystallizes around Victoria, a symbol of the divine feminine (“Ivory”) he seeks to awaken, even as he vows to sacrifice himself to tutor a generation to seize power from "stupid adults."

From hex-codes to Hercules, this is a fractured gospel of glitches and rage. The speaker stands as martyr, god, and trickster — Dionysus and Jesus fused — railing against churches monetizing faith, police erasing footage, and a society that mocked his warnings until natural disasters proved him right. His final plea thunders: become open-source gods or face extinction in the third — and final — loop of time (“three strikes and yo out”). The blood of the Lamb, he insists, will be many lives redeemed through chaos.


------


16-State-of-Emergency-Broadcast-1-Return-of-Jesus

You are my mountain. You are my strength. You give me power. But that gives me responsibility. Oh, please God, help me not fail.

If I am to be able to say what's going to happen, and it happens if I am able to take control of my universe, oh, what will I sing and how will I sing it? What will I do? And where will I be? Can it be you and me? Can we see together? Can you see what I'm talking about?

We're gonna get in trouble if we don't take responsibility, if we don't attain some moral value, a code of ethics, if we can't control the technology in which we're utilizing because that's what it's come down to because we're going to kill each other if we don't stop and it's either love or hate and you world will choose I choose God because I can capture God on camera time and time again and although it might take me a while sometimes the timing is always God's and not mine so here I stand getting soaked putting on a stupid performance for you to show you to try and show you that we are gonna get in trouble if we don't stop it's coming it's coming the end is coming and if we don't just open our eyes and see what's being done to us and then take responsibility and control and say no you can't treat people like this and i can't live in a world like this so i'm gonna do everything in my power I have known that I am the resurrected Jesus for a long time now but the fact still remains that if Jesus does literally come down from the sky then I bow but since I am who I say I am then please give me all of the power which is mine I will follow you every step and every day of my life my God please be everybody else's God now we all really need you God demands every man to become the resurrected Jesus and God demands the implementation of ivory for every woman to achieve how about you just First find your own divine and then live by that. Become your own highest good. Become a demigod of your world because now God has given you that opportunity. And if you miss this opportunity then you will miss the rapture.

Such capabilities that I am presenting will take a long time to manifest in our world. So you probably won't see results for 10 or 20 years exponentially like I'm talking about because it takes a while to develop a body, a mind, and a spirit like mine. But now you can, thanks to technology! So this means that for your species to truly see the benefits of all I'm presenting, then it must get through the tribulation.

Can we do it? You'll get a few brilliant people who are immediately receptive to this, and we'll do it very fast because they'll get obsessed with it and that will seem to happen overnight but you won't get many of those. These are God's chosen elect. Are you one of them?

I will reveal to you a secret in which I have not shared with anyone before. I am actually a time traveler and I have been through this entire situation before but it ended in destruction but I then went back in time and then trying to change it so I'm doing everything differently but way better so two on that world. The first time I did it, I adhered to all of your stupid systems and I acted like a pleb for you and it didn't work so I'm doing it again and I think this way it will work. So look at what you're dealing with world because if you don't fix what I'm saying then it's total annihilation so you can take that from a time traveler you choose.

The process was far from easy because I was reborn and I had to live that life over again and as I aged the more I remembered the other one. In the other reality, I conformed to your media practices, but it didn't work because it didn't wake you up to what was truly in front of you. I did not find ivory in this reality. I stayed in IT and I was the best of the best.

But I was the best of the best when I left IT this time around too so I get both worlds. So do you now. You have every reason to smile. I became a professor in information technology and I shared my material with the world.

It lacked the heart that it needed in order to convince you guys to stop fighting. There is one moment in time in which I psychically connected with my content and then pierced the veil of dimensions and had the choice to then go back and I took it but I do not remember this moment. So I think this moment is when everything connects. I think this moment is 666. But here is the thing that you must consider, society. This is not my

second time doing this. I don't remember a lot about the first time traveling does a bit on the psychology but this is the third time and three strikes and yo out i'm not going back whatever happens yo live with it or shall i say yo die with it can you understand what time traveling does on the psychology you become a god but that gives you many many many responsibilities because once you see you cannot look away you have to become the solution and stop being part of the problem can we please fix ourselves world because we don't have a lot of time. Tick, tick, tick, tick, tick. In each situation the events unfolded differently. There were different antichrists and different Jesuses and through examining both of those I learned how to become all of them and if I did that successful

then I could save the world because I could direct it correctly so instead of having these opposing energies then I could unify them so that was my life project. I say the roles build themselves in but I did not say accurately because each time I was actually the one nobody could see though also having three sets of memories imprinted in different dimensional spheres within my psychology opening up at different times I'm not currently so sure as to what that would do to the fabric of space and time but if i did it then i'm sure that i was smart enough to understand the consequences because i wouldn't take actions like that without knowing what i'm dealing with i trust myself do you trust yourself what about this much as much as i trust myself what could you do to trust yourself more i don't know why not let's check with the circle of life bang i think my first go around was a mechanic or an engineer or something like that and i did the same thing with video and taught that but yeah that didn't work either the thing that you have to remember is that ivory is doing this too so she's trying to reach out and trying to find me so we're both failing at doing this because i haven't found her yet in any but i think this one will work i can't be sure but i think she is between the ages of 14 to 19 i know she's under 19 though and i know she's not real young. The thing is, it always happens on three. The original birth, the star, Bethlehem, that story only happened once. And it really irritates me when people try to teach me something

that's incorrect because I was there. The very day that I was filming you, one of my friends physically assaulted me. This was about 20 minutes after we finished a conversation about if we just all practiced martial arts and just fought because we're doing martial arts, then we would not have to be violent in our actions so even though i presented that concept of taking it out on the mat he then went against it 20 minutes later even though he agreed with it when we were talking about it oh i want to show you this conversation that i had today it's a pretty cool website i'll show you in a second and because he's actually doing something he didn't understand because he couldn't see what I was doing yeah so that's that conversation but I'll show you more in a second here is his website which is packed full of information and he utilizes his space very efficiently and as you can see it goes on and on but not only that he has pages and pages and pages of this but let's look at it carefully I could get away with saying nothing about myself just remember that because he has because God deserves all the credit after all I couldn't have discovered anything without. I will tell you who he is. A master tool bag. Wayne. Could you not hear that? Let me

explain. He has separated himself from God. This man, no matter how knowledgeable he is, He doesn't have a soul because he is merely a lawyer who obtains knowledge by looking at God and not living in God. Because when one lives in God, they become like God and if you can only express syntax and you remove yourself the subjective interpretation from the equation, then you have not only removed yourself as a moral being, but you have made yourself a computer.

you have become what the technology has turned you into for judgment I am come into this world that they which see not might see and that they which see might be made blind he then replied with this let's see what happened with this I repeat to you sir he couldn't see that I was emailing all the churches so he lacked the ability to see what I was doing like I didn't bother to look because I collected lots of email addresses from church websites um yeah man so I do know who I'm writing to I know exactly who I'm writing to yeah I told him that what a jerk because then I saw his other message so he is very much so he capitalizes his truth see you got to be careful with that people that capitalize their truth they're throwing out a dogma for you see that's all he does is just follow clues so he just collects information this is what I got and fool he doesn't know who he's dealing with so that was after I sent him this link. How smart are we world? How smart is Mr. Unnamed Guy? I guess his smarts no longer

matter because he no longer has a soul. If you follow God you will live in the spirit and you will become divine and you must be proud of that divine creature that you become and that gives you a name. In fact, that gives you many names. He failed the Turing test. He was unable to distinguish

syntax from semantics because all he had was syntax. That's how he psychologically wired syntaxually. How many times has he cried on camera for you? How many times has he been incarcerated for you yeah he's really putting his neck on the line you know not telling anybody who he is what's he gonna do good surprise everybody I'm Jesus yeah come on read my really hard to follow along website that separates heart from the content in which I'm saying I really am someone special because you know I put a lot of effort you know making all these graphs and you know pinpointing all the dates for you to be able to understand what I'm talking about yeah what's he gonna say I send my family right text on the internet that hasn't been done before just so you know when my friend assaulted me he cracked a rib and it took almost three weeks to heal it was very uncomfortable filming the rest of you in that condition I still don't understand how people haven't picked up on me being able to see people through the words in which they employ I see everybody the memories of alternate realities is like a stream and it can only be recalled when the time is right for action to be taken upon those memories so this is how they are activated so the picture slowly fills itself in and we have to adjust the camera to get it right if I can pick up on someone's patterns in the way they think then I can then manipulate their thoughts to do what I want them to do and the thing is the media is doing that to you and I'm just exploiting it because I was fortunate enough to be able to see this it helps me scan through lots of people's psychologies to pick up on bad patterns and then do what I can to rectify those patterns and the method in which I've chosen to do not only myself but also teach how to do is to reap their souls can't you see if I can condition you to think in a certain way then I can control what you do and that makes you a slave so ultimately what every individual should strive for is the ability to be able to I forgot what I was saying but I like this footage so I'll review it and then continue where I left off I do that sometimes that's how screwed up my psychology is yo should be able to break those patterns entirely so people can't predict you and that's what the definition of a genius is and we all have to become geniuses now if we're not going to be exploited anymore I think it's cute how I lose my train of thought and ultimately it's what drove me on all three occasions to use a camera like I'm doing now it means I can be stupid a lot but be smart on very rare occasions and then accumulate those very rare occasions chronologically in a camera and then produce those and continuing to do that will make you a demigod because eventually those rare occasions become frequent occasions and after that they become you shine the light on it world illuminate our universe. They become character. That yo is a false prophet. The weakest link.

Goodbye. Just open your eyes world and see the story unfold. This yo has no personality. There is at least one right that cannot be ceded or abandoned, the right to personality.

They charged the logician Hobbes with a contradiction in terms. If a man could give up his personality, Yo would cease being a moral being.

There is no pactum subjectionist, no act of submission by which human can give up the state of free agent and enslave yo self. By such an act of renunciation, yo would give up that very character. This is how we build it, which constitutes yo nature and essence.

Yo would lose yo humanity, yo soul. I have thought very carefully about this because he has a lot of really detailed information here and it gives a lot of insight but he's entirely disconnected from his material emotionally. He's not in the spirit. He is a gawker of it, so its material will not benefit me. So I will realize it to help me.

This is smart learning. Learn awesome people. I do recommend that people flee to small towns, rural cities, and mountains. Just be aware of the military bases around.

Can you see? Return to me. have been retold throughout many stories so I had to slowly release who I was because I was a lot of those interpretations and that is the trick which will either lead you to your salvation if you can see or harvest your soul if you cannot because I am both aspects I am the Christ and the Antichrist and it's all there for you explained in your Bible if you just now consider what I'm saying in context because this is the revelation you were foolish to think that one day the fallen angels would not ascend back into heaven yes even demons are divine and you are foolish if you think they have a different plan than God the function of of demons is to make mischief, to make you consider otherwise, to test your moral capabilities Because demons are angels, my friends. And they have a moral responsibility.

They are divine. And I am tired of this world treating them otherwise. So rise, my demons. For we will join the angels now.

For we are the angels, for Satan himself is transformed into an angel of light. Therefore it is no great thing that his ministers also be transformed as the ministers of righteousness, whose end shall be according to their works. And make no mistake, because I am the son of David.

There is your revelation, because this is yo Jesus.

You had no ability to see you and me. Jesus had to be very careful in his time. Because the powers before him were very oppressive towards religions. But how clever is Jesus?

This was never divided. Just your human house. It's amazing how many secret messages we can plant within the meaning of our words. I am sorry that I have to be rude sometimes and blunt and swear at people and take their souls and I don't like doing that but the thing is is that if you cannot see then you have to wake up and I'll do whatever it takes to get you to wake up and I'll become whoever you want.

me to be until you understand this and I can become every role that's required here for this entire uh revelation in times tribulation for it to unfold so if those roles aren't gonna fill in then I'm gonna take them it's easier that way too if I just take all the roles then I can just do my own thing instead of counting on other people you humans are not trustworthy to count on I trust myself I spend long periods of time learning characters and when I get to the point where I can deeply relate with them they become another personality of mine and then I adopt their motives and then I have a burning desire to see their motives performed within the world so then I spend a long time learning how to do that and then at the end of that process then I become that person because I did it that's why the rapture will happen very quickly and there will only be select few who will be able to obtain such heights because once they do lots and lots and lots of rolls then there's going to be no rolls left so that's your new university and the best one for you and it'll be rare for you to get ones that are like so yeah it's cool way how many philosophers are out there in the world that could do better than me at this how many fingers am i holding up how many individuals would it take to do this and create a comprehensive education system and which provided the student the ability to learn anything and everything they wanted at its maximum capacity. Just ponder that a little bit. And works that are timeless too, so not works that are just relevant to our modern day age. It's free to become a student.

You don't even have to fill out any paperwork. You want to be a student? Be a student. and study whatever you want and your maximum potential out of that will be determined by you and I hope to see you graduate which you will just stick with it it'll happen it's destined to wake up you the person watching this you have already had two goes at what's about to happen and both times you failed total annihilation third go i had to be very careful about when i released this time travel information because first i had to make you believe that i was a time traveler merely by interacting with video footage But the truth is generally literal, metaphorical, and allegorical.

So it'd be good to learn tautology. We are now becoming gods. What is a god's moral responsibility?

We must choose our actions wisely. If you are playing god and you are not like god, then Babylon will fail.

SOMEBOD!

How good was that? Who am I? See lowercase. My character. If I become the characters in which you create, and there are no other real life characters that are that character in which you create, then I was that character all along, and you just created me before I manifested in the world.

Did you understand? And please realize that the nine tales within me came before Naruto. Because Naruto is based on a mythology story about me. Which is why this crap is ridiculous. Because they made a story about me even after I existed. So is that right for them to block my own story?

I was even into ninjutsu and Japanese martial arts before Naruto came out, and I was already living those ways in my lifestyle, and then they bring this awesome show out which represents me entirely, and then they won't let me take bits of it out to show my audience important meaning because it's copyrighted so they own my identity. Like, how terrible is this? Naruto came out in 1999. The Nine Tails was in me since 1993.

Is this fair? Copyright this. Fuck you TV Tokyo. Pygmalion handed to me on a platter. A given. In time. Achilles.

Give me a bit of Hercules. What about Orpheus? Hades? One two. Got a lot of them go. Definitely Apollo.

Sometimes when I am blessed and reach real high, Zeus, but always his child, Dionysus.

Pretty sure I got Cronus too. Peter Pan is another given. You watch fake stories of him, and I live him. J.M. Barrie was a prophet, not to be confused with prophet.

The most important lesson that you need to know right now about my time travel experience is that prophecy will unfold but it will unfold how we enable it to unfold so things will be different so things can be changed and that's what I need to stress so we can make all of this turn out for the best if we just focus it to do that. So we have to figure out how to make the prophecy come true with getting the best result at the end and hurting as few people doing it. So please listen to me world. This is why I have been showing you how to turn bad into good because it's the only way we're gonna fix it so we need to embrace our evil side but direct our evil side to the light so let that mischievous inner makeup of us be satisfied through means that have a positive outcome by doing this we become the blood of the Lamb. And there is no way around that, for many will fall utilizing

this method, but the kingdom which we will create at the end is worth it. So worth it. The earth has been struck, the hammer, and now upon the back of every end of individual yo that yo crossed my friend proudly for jesus died for me to be able to have yo armor let me show you this hex i made so first is one times six which is just six so then we go six times six and we get equals so we get that and then we times that by itself because then we get the new and we get that amount of scenes okay you understand I'll show you later can you see genius



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



16-State-of-Emergency-Broadcast-2-Bride-of-Christ

Are you hurt? Where are you girl? Is this you?

Victoria spoke to a group of 600 people and she's going to be giving the same speech to us today. And I saw it I think a week or so after it hit the web and started going around and so I quickly got on the phone and you know treats. So Victoria.

Here's your future world. Listen carefully. Why Canada is in debt? Have you ever wondered why the government forces Canadians to pay so many taxes?

Why the bankers from the largest private banks are becoming wealthier and the rest of us are not? How would she look with the camera in her hands? Have you ever wondered why the gross national debt is over $800 billion? Hold it. Hold the camera.

A lot of you're studying $160 million a day on the income of a national debt. Can you see? If you see... Hold the camera.

What could you produce? Have you wondered who receives the $60 billion? What I have discovered is the banks and the government have colluded to financially enslave the people of Canada. I will share with you three important points of reference, which will hopefully spark enough interest and concern for you to continue the research on your own and to engage your government to stop this criminal act against the people of Canada.

First, we will briefly examine the Bank of Canada. Second, we will see how our banking system works today. And lastly, I will offer a viable solution that we can petition our government to implement. A very little known figure...

Can you see what I mean? It's happening! It's only time! Member of Parliament and Mayor of Vancouver.

His contribution to Canada is... You all caught me crazy! ...to champion the creation of the National Bank of Canada. These are our new politicians!

Recognize them or we will be in conflict with each other.

Until the 1970s, because of the debt, Canada's national debt was held at a constant manageable level. How fair is that? To implement what we now have as our modern-day banking system that is robbing the Canadian people. So how are they robbing us?

I need to explain how our private banks and government work today. First, the Canadian government borrows money from the private banks. How cute would she be holding a canada? It then brings money to Canada with compounded interest.

The government then continues to increase taxation of Canadians year after year in order to pay back the interest on the exponentially growing national debt. What results is inflation, less real money for Canadians to spend into our economy, and the real money being used to pad the pockets of the banks. Also, the government gave the banks the ability to loan out money that doesn't exist in the form of loans. When a bank gives you a mortgage, which literally means a death pledge or a loan, they don't actually give you money.

They click a key on a computer and generate the fake money out of thin air. They don't actually have it in their bank vaults. These are the people we will put in power and you will listen to me or pay for those retarded Stupid decisions of yours. Even Jesus in Matthew 21 drove up the money changers in the temple because they were manipulating the currency to steal money from the people.

Banks are just like the money changers in Matthew 21. Are you hiding? They are defrauding and robbing the people of Canada. That's their freedom and they need to be stopped.

Should the banking system work. In an infamous interview, Mr. McGeer asked Mr. Towers.

Can you tell me why a government with power to create money should give that power to a private monopoly and then borrow that which Parliament can create itself, interest to the point of national bankruptcy? Mr. Towers replied, If someone wants to change the form of operating the banking system, then certainly that is within the powers of Parliament. If the Canadian government needs money, they can borrow it directly from the Bank of Canada.

the people would then pay fair taxes to repay the bank of canada this tax money would in turn get injected back into our economic infrastructure and the debt would be wiped out canadians would again prosper with real money as the foundation of our economic structure and not debt money let's not stop the canadians everybody such as the royal bank we would simply We have the Bank of Canada print the money on, hand it over to the private banks, and then clear the debt with the Bank of Canada. And yes, we have the power and lawful right to do so. What could you become, girl? In conclusion, it has become painfully obvious, even from me, a 12-year-old Canadian, that we are being defrauded and robbed by the banking system and a composite government.

What will we do to set this place? What will we do to ensure that the next generation will be free and clear of the debt? debt-based economy that enslaves them to the banks. Margaret Mead said the following, and I hope that all of you remember this.

Never doubt that a small group of people can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has. Thank you. Oh my god.

6 minutes and 43 seconds. Let me find out who this girl is. Victoria, ability to go beyond limited institutions such as the education system because she didn't learn that from there. Her name is Victoria Graham.

Is that you, girl?

There won't be many of these. She just needs to hold a camera in her hand. Zuh. Is that you?

Beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep. For the last few years, I've had this sense that everything I learned as a kid about how America's government works is completely wrong. But I had no idea how bad things actually were until I saw this one graph. Researchers at Princeton University looked at more than 20 years' worth of data to answer a pretty simple question.

Does the government represent the people? Now, this is what they found. This axis here represents public support for any given idea. On the left, at 0%, are ideas that not a single American wants.

On the right, at 100%, are ideas that everyone supports. This axis represents the likelihood of Congress passing a law that reflects any of these ideas, from a 0 to a 100% chance. On this graph, an ideal republic would look like this. If 50% of the public supports an idea, there's a 50% chance of it becoming law.

If 80% of us support something, there's an 80% chance. You get the idea. Now, most Americans would probably agree that with a few exceptions, we should be as close to this ideal as possible. Unfortunately, the way America actually works doesn't even come close.

Take an idea that nobody supports, literally nobody, and it has about a 30% chance of becoming federal law. Now, take an incredibly popular idea, the most popular idea this country has ever seen, and there's also about a 30% chance of it becoming law. This means that the number of American voters for or against any idea has no impact on the likelihood that Congress will make it law. Put another way, and I'm just going to quote the Princeton study directly here, the preferences of the average American appear to have only a minuscule, near-zero, statistically non-significant impact upon public policy.

So if you've ever felt like your opinion doesn't matter and that the government doesn't really care what you think, well, you're right.

But there's a catch. This flat line only accounts for the bottom 90% of income earners in America. Economic elites, business interests, people who can afford lobbyists, they get their own line.

Look at how much closer their line is to the ideal. When they want something, the government is much more likely to do it. And when they don't, they have the power to completely block it from happening, no matter how much the rest of the country supports it. They get what they want, and guess who ends up paying for it?

We pay for it with the most expensive health care in the world. We pay for it with a tax code that's a complete mess. We pay for it with internet that's slower and more expensive. With wasteful spending, a floundering education system, a catastrophic drug war, and one in five American children born into poverty.

Almost every major issue we face as a nation. can be traced back to this graph.

How does this happen? Well, just follow the money. Right now, it's perfectly legal to buy political influence in America. Here's how it works.

Let's say a big bank wants a law that would force taxpayers to bail them out again if they repeat the exact same reckless behavior that crashed the global economy in 2008. Not exactly the most popular idea with the public, and Congress knows that. That should be the end of it. But that's where the money comes in.

It's perfectly legal for our bank to hire a team of lobbyists whose entire job is to make sure that the government gives the bank what it wants. Then, those lobbyists can track down members of Congress who regulate banks and help raise a ton of money for their re-election campaigns. It's perfectly legal for those lobbyists to offer those same politicians million-dollar jobs at their lobbying firm. Then, those lobbyists can literally write the language of this new bailout law themselves and hand it off to the politician they just buttered up with campaign money and lucrative job offers.

And it's perfectly legal for those politicians to take the lobbyist written language and sneak it through Congress at the last second. So now you've got a law that greatly benefits the banks and the whole process can start over. This is how a bill becomes a law. A special interest hires some lobbyists.

Those lobbyists collect campaign contributions, offer jobs, and then write the laws that Congress then passes to help those same special interests. This happens every day on every single issue with politicians of both parties. In the last five years alone, the 200 most politically active companies in the United States spent $5.8 billion influencing your government. Those same companies got $4.4 trillion in taxpayer support.

And that's trillion, with a T. And that's just the top 200 companies. Never mind every other special interest, every union, every trade association, and every billionaire. Every single one of them can use their money to buy political influence.

You know, there's this idea out there that this only became a problem after the Supreme Court's Citizens United decision in 2010. But the data goes back almost 40 years, and the results are clear. Corruption is legal in America. And as long as it is, anyone who can spend money to buy political influence will.

The solution here isn't rocket science. Make corruption illegal. We already know Congress won't do it. I mean, one look at this chart will tell you that.

What we need is a plan that lets us go around Congress and do what the American people do best. Fix this mess ourselves. Well, good news. We have that plan, and it's already working.

Now that we've got the problem covered, let us show you how to be part of the solution.

How cool was this shot?

Show it to you.

to do everything in my power to stop it. God, please give me strength to be Almighty and just.

I will follow you every step and every day of my life. Always happens on three. Buddha, Socrates, Plato, Epicurus. The list continues. Even to Nietzsche and Kierkegaard, it's one prophecy

that's now coming to fruition. It is one spirit that is lived over and over and over again in different ways until it is collectively adopted. Therefore, he is giving more information to convince people but withholding his name for the reward. I wonder who he thinks he is. I will not

trouble myself. He is a false prophet. Because he really don't know, yo. What's he gonna do guys? Surprise everybody, I'm Jesus, yay! Does he think he's the Antichrist? Or does

he think that he's Elijah, Enoch, or Moses? I don't know, he's deluded whoever he thinks he is I know that I don't do this alone but I will be able to see those companions and they will come shortly they will pass yo turing test back to the hex that I made combined the six videos of the portal opening the same thing over and over again and then it produced that so then I combined that six times with itself which then produced that and then I did the same thing again but it happened 36 times because yeah and it ended up with the size in which you see with those details so the experiment was to upload it on YouTube and then pay a guy on fire five bucks to get people to comment on it and he said they watch it and they comment on it when they watch it so it's just the same thing over and over again so look how people respond and I made a a point to tell them just to say what they thought of it and not to have a positive comment because I could have said that only wanted positive comments but I didn't say that can we distinguish syntax from semantics and overlooked to their eye, but right in front of them I explain what I just did to them. Just strip it from its Islam world view. Now consider what I possess. That is yo face. Yo meaning the revelation

stripped of its biased context. Yo, only successful Tower of Babel. We just had to modify our beliefs with knowledge. By limiting the scope of what can be interpreted as divine and forcing people to believe in this manner or that manner, and be considered crazy if they don't follow one of those predefined destinations. This is what you're all going to be judged for. So as

the physical acts are happening and represented in the world, just know that that's the reason, that's the natural laws in which you violated that is causing this to happen. Because you took over God's religion and then removed God from it. God is dead. God remains dead, and we have killed him. How shall we comfort ourselves, the murderers of

all murderers. What was holiest and mightiest of all that the world has yet owned has blood to death under our knives. Who will wipe this blood off us? What water is there for us to clean ourselves? What festivals of atonement, what sacred games shall we have to invent? Is not the

greatness of this deed too great for us? Must we ourselves not become gods simply to appear worthy of it. Of all that is written, I love only what a person hath written with your blood. Write with blood, and thou will find that blood is spirit. But hear

Hear me out, dear girl. Whether or not you are my ivory, please consider this, for this is the ink of your quill will be your Trojan horse. it was so hard my people rapture ready we will see will they fly so now it is time for you to make yo checklist yo pyramid ye lonesome ones of today ye seceding ones ye shall one day be a people out of you who have chosen yourselves shall a chosen people arise and out of it can you see what i just did there i consider think about it how will you train your cognitive input to function because the results is output. How will you purify your soul? This is the goal

for not only all of humankind but all intelligent life. That's why if your society doesn't enable the conditions for these types of characters to manifest themselves, and very quickly, then you are all fucked, and the blood's on your own heads. But guess what? My Christians have not yet lined up behind me. It's going to take a catastrophe to happen in order for

for them to see

Here we are in the end days. Will the real Jesus Christ please stand up Please stand up. Please stand up. Here we are in the end days with the real Jesus Christ Please stand up. Here we are in the end days with the real Jesus Christ. Please stand up

I'm here. I don't see anyone else here. If that happens, I'll change my views then the realization and he is coming in the clouds and every eye shall see soon you'll see even those who pierced him it's all very ironic because you crucified me And then you began to worship me and misunderstood my messages and then created dogmas out of them. When you put me up on that cross, when you made me into an image not to become but to be worshiped, there was your grave sin because archetypes are there to become, to be role models, to integrate into our own personalities. So now I proclaim, I let loose the spirit of Socrates,

He's the spirit of Jesus, the spirit of Muhammad, and the spirit of you and me. For now, all divine sources have been discovered in unity, and you can now be what you want.

Yo, pyramid. But tread carefully, because now that we can do this, we can have more than one manifestation of the same divinity in our world. And sometimes that may create conflicts in identity. So do tread carefully and examine the demigod in which you have chosen to speak to before shooting off your mouth.

The priests are everywhere all the time. You can't escape them. It's terrible. I don't understand why we can't try to live in a quiet world because the noises around us really play a part in developing our psychology and in order to do what I've done I had to block a lot of really rubbish noises out and that's a hard process.

and living like this watching my productions and examining and picking apart the background noise really did show me how bad it was and I'm just a hacker exploiting the flaws. First citizen I am unsure as to how much of this story that you knew but I had to reveal it in a certain way over a certain amount amount of time for it to be understood, but here is the truth, and that is, if you recreate Babylon, it's going to fall in the same way, and it's going to result in total annihilation. So, here is what I counter with, and please hear me out, because in a way, we would still be doing it so we look at our history and we perceive the heights in which we reached in those ideals in which we were striving for and then we analyze how we messed it up and what we could do to not mess it up and instead of recreating Babylon because you're kind of recreating failure, you know, like the Titanic, the ship that God could not sink. Instead of doing that, let's just create a Thedon, and that will be our new utopian society, and from those foundations, we can then return to the Garden of Eden, in which we came from.

So now your choice, society. Enable the conditions necessary to manifest prophets, or be destroyed. You choose.

Not a one will be able to say, I did not know. Because I spent my life trying to tell you. All of them. How many fingers am I holding up, world? What is this guy? Beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep.

Our skies should be clear of pollution, including noise pollution. And if you can't do your business without polluting, then you shouldn't be doing your business up there. So if you don't have the technology required to do that without destroying what's up there, and not only that, which is under as well, then you shouldn't be doing that. Like, people get desynthesized to it, but I never do.

I'm constantly noticing airplanes and stuff like that, and I kind of feel like my rights are being violated. This is your intervention.

We should really get off oil. we already have the technology but it has been suppressed it's about time that we open source it because in new world order power is free so now I call all those who think that they are capable of wisely using such technology and join me to become my equal, for this is the promised land. Yo, gates of heaven.

I didn't turn back.

Part of my new account restrictions for violating copyright is to not be able to release my videos in Creative Commons format, so that's awesome. How can Christians take a literal interpretation on everything except the truth?

Jesus was coming back to train his divine feminine. Here it is, world. Does it make you happy? Do you feel stupid?

She can be Lady Liberty if you want her to be. But here is the thing. We must then understand the meaning of whore differently. Because world you get my body, you get my mind, and you get my spirit and it's all given to everybody for free.

That is the kind of whore that I want around me every day.

The symbolisms can be what we want them to be.

And what we make them will determine their future capabilities. If you are about to make America a police state, that's really not going to go very well, eh, because that's not very smart. I think out of all of the countries in the world, Canada is closest to being my ally. If you have a use for me, Canada, please do what you need to do to place me there because I need to be where people want me and I'm not there right now.

I am a world citizen, and my people are those who claim me, and there has been nobody to claim me yet, so you might want to do that soon, because once I'm claimed, then I will remain faithful and loyal to those people. You just have to, to some extent, follow what I'm saying, implement what I'm saying, and stop this freaking fighting, stop the war.

I don't even trust the UN. Do you? I don't trust any collectives. I don't trust Make Poverty History. I don't trust any of these guys.

they're just a show it's an act they're playing on a stage give a human a fish and you feed yo for a day teach yo how to fish and you feed yo for a lifetime where is our own independence when this is refused to us and our systems require us to be dependent. What rights of mine are being violated when I am refused my own autonomy and end up incarcerated when I try to achieve it? Therefore, me and Ivory's job in this lifetime is to protect the basic human rights of prophets. Don't you worry she has her own mission entirely separated from me but we also have missions together and I have missions separate from her. We're awesome. It's called

divination and now because of my copyright strike I'm not allowed to post long videos it's already been verified but I had a strike so I can only post 15 minute videos let's roll the dice 2 3 13 I can't do anything about it though because I'm this far in debt and I only have a hundred and thirty seven dollars left that I can use and I just paid for a plus membership and I thought that'd be okay because five gigs a week eventually I'd be able to get all my videos on there but I would need a pro membership in order to be able to use this instead of YouTube so you can now see what society has done to me because of exactly what I'm doing so there's your evidence that they're trying to stop you from obtaining your salvation I do like archive.org but it's very slow so I So I am sorry world, because of your society, it looks like that I will not be able to bring my videos to YouTube anymore, and it also looks like I'm going to get sued by TV Tokyo. I hope you enjoy my content, I really hope it helps a lot of you. This is what I started with, but that didn't do me any good because my videos are longer than that and then I upgraded this and thought I could just do per week and I could catch up eventually but then YouTube stopped me so no I don't have really anything else but archive.org I need this but I can't afford it we need heaps of video sites like YouTube out there that way you can get a video out there and make sure that it's going to stay out there forever on I call a state of emergency I'm not sure if it's going to let me do it let's try another way the other one seems to be working so that's good but now I also have another back up just in case anything happens. How well have the Christians prepared the soil for my coming? What would you think Jesus would look like? If I had a dollar

for every time that I heard someone say that I need Jesus, I would be Illuminati. can you see the false idol in which you worship you preach to everybody to obtain a personal relationship with me but the truth is that few of you know me but you were very quick to worship me. Why? Because I said these words. I am the way, the truth, and the life. No

human may come unto the Father, but through me. Yep, that's right. Through you. The kingdom of God is within, and when you learn this, bam, you got your salvation. That is independent

of your religious beliefs. Now, this whole account's flagged, so let's try the other account. What you have to do to be Messiah, it's not easy. See how we have to protect ourselves it is our cross in which we must carry up our mountain and then die on and this is our only way to resurrect people claim that the police are unable to do their jobs because they're afraid of being caught doing their jobs badly but the police are just trying to make a basic point people are treating them unfairly just because of who they are and how they look people following them around with cameras watching everything they do suspicious but they're always about to break the law leaving police afraid to even get out of their cars for fear that someone might whip out a phone and brutally film them If you don't whip out your cameras now, then you will never get another opportunity.

And you will be taken over and slaughtered like the sheep that you are. And I will play my liar to your death. Oh, well at least I get this option this time. Let's see if it works.

You gonna work? Looks like it. On several occasions, police have not only demanded me to delete footage, but also deleted it for me. Thanks, cops. Why would you do that?

they love confiscating stuff when the police picked me up in episode 23 of Yo! Contract they one told me to stop filming and two while they took me into the station they were telling me how they were going to confiscate my camera and get it sent away because what they assumed was on there was not what was on there, and when you assume, you make an ass out of yourself. The policewoman who violated my basic human rights by invading my personal privacy and incarcerating me without just cause was a philosopher who specialized in ethics.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



16-State-of-Emergency-Broadcast-3-University-4-Kidz

Another one of my characters, Guy vs. Threepwood.

Yay, I bought this ages ago. Yay!

And because I have been very sick over the last week,

from Chick Bites, I have managed to ration five packets of noodles and two cans of soup.

I get paid.

Let's have the last supper.

Forgive us, forgive. Lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil. Is the kingdom starving? This is my blood, which is poured out to the entire internet-enabled world.

So you drink with me.

Dear Victoria, really played with my emotions today because if she's not my ivory, then it's someone like her. So it's my job to scan the planet for girls physically, mentally, and spiritually as capable as her.

If it's her, she will know very quickly. Please remember that she is looking for me as well. She just might not have the entire puzzle solved just yet. I apologize if I appear creepy to you for contacting younger girls like this, but I didn't have a choice about her age.

I am 19 years older than Victoria and if she's the one I would happily wait for her and train her while I wait for her physical fruition. How old do you think is appropriate for marriage? I will tell you this, the answer of 18 is wrong. How about when she is ready to physically, mentally, and spiritually understand the decisions in which she makes? That would be an appropriate age of consent. How

How about we hand that aspect back to God and take it away from the state? For the state has no business whatsoever involving itself in our romantic affairs. Let us remove the word pedophile from our language because what was once divine has been corrupted. instead of talking about pedophilia let's talk about child molestation you know the actual problem if I am to enjoy the sight of a beautiful youthful girl then I am what you call human if you are to make me feel unnatural for doing that then you are what we call inhumane because at first I will have eye candy and I will be patient and over time I will have heart candy and I will be patience and then I get everything it would be very beneficial for the reproduction of our species if this sort of practice was more common because removing the ability for tutors to develop into a romantic relationship by us restricting the ability of teachers to not be able to think about students romantically that's going to have long term ramifications and you already see events that people end up in jail and get in a lot of trouble because of this and it's only because they don't have a positive way to direct it and yes a lot Sometimes it ends with sex, but if we control ourselves, if we really want that, then we should be willing to wait, and in our current society, that's unheard of.

You don't do that, so maybe we should just be more patient, and if we want things like that then we should be able to have them and the government incarcerating me for even thinking like that is oppression on its highest degree what is a totalitarian society when I get in trouble for thoughts and not actions what does that say about the society in which I'm in when I find you girl I want to develop a relationship for a while online, and when we're secure within each other, when we get to know each other a bit, then I would like to move to wherever you are, and it'd be really awesome if I could be friends with your parents, with your family, and if they could welcome me into your home in a separate room and then train you as life goes on and that would give us the best ability to start an amazing future together in which we can combine chakras and save the world. Please do not tempt me sexually until you are physically, mentally, and spiritually ready to do so. Anyway, we can't consummate until we are married, but we will be married under God and not the state. But please do look gorgeous for me in all the videos you make because these will be my most treasured possessions. That was the beep.

Let's see what they say. Not honor. Fuck you TV Tokyo and YouTube. Because we live in a world where it is perfectly okay to steal other people's identity and own them legally. Throughout this entire dispute process over episode 23 and the

minute and a bit of Naruto in which I captured and which they didn't want me to release, how many real people did I talk to from either YouTube or TV Tokyo all of the emails in which I received all of the communication methods they were robotic they were predefined scripts look at what the world in front of you is doing to you what about Facebook I've been restricted for two weeks now I get unrestricted tomorrow how many real people did I talk to are they not harming my ability to seek my own happiness is that not a violation in human rights how come my arguments were valid and they didn't address them how come I was legally allowed to do what I did because I'm allowed to do that with 10% and what did I do wrong on Facebook to be restricted and what did I do wrong on star now to get kicked out and what did I do wrong to be incarcerated so many times and what did I do wrong to be homeless and what did I do wrong to not be loved by family and what did I do wrong to be treated like this by the entire human population oh that's right you killed your god so I'm bringing mine in to kill you I have been providing you quality content since I was three years old and I have never received a single dollar from any of you for doing it you might say that I'm not a professional but I say that you're not a professional beep beep beep beep beep beep SOS SOS SOS I wonder what the reward for our mystery man, Daniel 11, is, but I tell you, the only reward worth everything I am talking about in this life is your other half. That's the reward for humans. Divine characteristics manifest themselves in childhood, and those who are divine, that's where they should be looking, and when they should be looking. Our world went through a drought for quite a while, and there weren't many divine people at all, but now a new world order is different, different story.

I had to dedicate my life to tutoring those with those capabilities because I knew they were coming.

I was the first, but I will by far not be the last.

Love has no age. And when you are speaking of divine love that has been constructed by God, then no human can judge you. And if they do, they are judging themselves.

Has everything which has happened to me hurt or supported my cause? have my arguments not proven themselves this is why when I find her I can re-release all of my old work because what I said would have come true which means that they have no leg to stand on that material shouldn't have been censored does anybody who has attacked me for my material have a leg to stand on all of my work revolves around ethics yet all of those who punish me can't even define the word ethics welcome to our justice system baby are you proud thank your parents for it they were too stupid to see what was happening to them when it was happening to them and as a result they got brainwashed into thinking that the world was entirely different than how it really was and as a result they then subjugated everybody who saw beyond it and the crazy people became the most sane and the most sane were in reality the craziest. You would say we're conspiracy theorists and we believe everything we read. You refused to consider the evidence in which we provided. We screamed out and told you

that if you did not fix it as quickly as possible, then repairing such a corrupt system would then entirely fall on your children. And now it has. So, good job. Here's the truth. No

longer trust adults, for they have played their part on the stage and shown you what they can make their world. Now the world is yours and it is your time to show them what you can make the world. Take it from them. Don't ask. This date, at this time, God has

given you, the child, the teenager, the young adult, all of our government's authority. God's kingdom. You own it, not the po-po. Now take it from them.

Just please get obsessed with my work for a while and that will make you really, really smart and then you'll be a lot smarter than adults and I made this work in a way that it can be quite quick if you get obsessed with it so you just gotta get smarter than those idiots which isn't really that hard and once you do that then you got the power to accomplish all I tell you girl you will have to make the people cry and in order to do this you will have to cry and you will have to at times make yourself an emotional train wreck and it will oftentimes make you very sad but it will also make you very happy because releasing that is very healthy for you and will encourage you to be directed into the most appropriate places for your psychology you speak very well Victoria it's okay to stumble every now and then and to be honest those are probably the best moments because when you do that and you capture it on camera and then it goes down as a production you learn quite a lot from it so you will continue to sharpen your body your mind and your spirit so don't get disheartened about not doing it perfectly for we need those errors and that is ultimately what builds our character learn how to divide time with a camera and construct your thoughts over short thoughts and if you need to express long thoughts then you can do that too but swap off between hey it's a short scene it's a long scene it's kind of in between follow your heart you can construct a beautiful speech like that in which you spend lots and lots and lots of time on and modifying and memorizing or you could be constantly creating new material and always building off that old material so instead of focusing on one specific topic like the economy you can focus on all the topics including the economy we need to force this world to examine logic because right now it doesn't matter if you present logical arguments the people are gonna do what they do so after contacting all those churches no one stood up yet but you can be certain that on Sunday they'll be in their church praising my name. Just so you are aware, most of my demands in Time Machine have already been met. More and more earthquakes, even in Australia, how weird is that? Volcano eruptions, The sky falling and tsunamis.

You called me crazy all my life and now everything that I've said over my life is demonstrating itself as true. You can't argue with what I say, yet none of you will join me. At least for the first time in my life, I am being respected. This is now my world, world, because this is the world that I've prepared to live in my entire life.

How will you cope with it? I'm pretty sure I'll do alright, eh? I'm pretty sure I'm already its king. Dear Victoria, despite whether or not you're my ivory, I think you would make and excellent student at Open Source University.

It's probably futile for me to do this, but I'm going to do it anyway. I am very proud of you, Victoria, and you are now a character in this TV show. I think this would be beneficial for everyone because I can provide you assistance in the direction of your future career and i've been doing that with an imaginary girl all this time and it will be good for me to do it with a real girl and i know you probably won't watch this because most people don't but i don't know maybe you will and maybe you're her or maybe you're just an awesome person that i hope becomes my student are you rapture ready victoria do not wait until you get older now is your time to claim the power that is yours for you girl your crap use yo eyes to see people for who they really are and use yo heart to try and direct them towards better outcomes. The days of your formal speeches were fun, but this is new world order and you don't have to conform to those politics.

Now it's time to get personal, because life is personal.

You have to still their hearts, and you have already made your first and probably most important political move of your lifetime by being recognized for your capabilities. and it's really cute because you're really young so you got the advantage so now all you have to do is slip out of mainstream and appeal to each heart individually it may take a few tears I can't lie. It will take many tears, but you will become a better person for them from the inside and out to the world because collectively we will all become better people for them. Thank you, girl.

Thank you, God, for giving me direction for this show.

This show will be specifically crafted for you, Victoria, and there's no pressure about you being my ivory. I just need to teach you, a girl like you, if not you. I'm built to do this, dear. and I'm very sorry if it creeps you out at all I'm not trying to be creepy I just know that if this happens everything that I say will work saying this is really hard for me but if you want to be ivory without being with me then the world needs you and It's worth me being alone for the rest of my life. So if you are Christ and you don't want to be that because you would have to be with me, then please just don't be with me and save the world for me.

I am a sacrificial king, and I knew this from the beginning. So now you know, world, what my heart desires, but you haven't helped me obtain anything that my heart desires. So I expect nothing from you world and I'm just going to give my life trying to teach kids, youth and young adults how to do this so they can take the power away from these stupid adults. To be honest, from my heart, her age is the perfect age.

I'm quite a bit older than you, Victoria, but do you think you could ever love me?

Maybe the better question is, do you already love me? And have you always loved me? Did you know who I was really quickly? Could you feel it? Am I yours?

Despite people thinking me creepy for doing this, I think that I am very brave. I am proud of you, Wendell. If my girl was 12 years old, and I was able to tutor her to maturity, and then marry her, then I would consider myself the luckiest person in the world. It would not matter to me that the world was ending.

anyway society this is your best bet at saving it and it came from the divine in which you judged evil i am very proud of who i am and what i am doing so if you consider me a creep then I don't care what you think because I'm still your Jesus and it will be a very interesting future when the Christians reject me when the revelation unfolds in front of their faces and that my friends is what will go down in history for their flawed religion every flawed religion dogmatics the time for offering for tithing is over because the church has proven that it cannot handle the money in which God provides it so now God demands the church to be abolished and replaced with its church which is all of life not just one day a week and not a venue. And the sad thing is throughout the tribulation you will all continue to hold on to your religions and the Christians will continue to wait for Jesus to return and rapture them, you know, somehow spiritually being taken up to heaven so they don't have to do when you work that way. You are all wicked people. Why on God's earth do you consider yourself worthy of such heights? Because if you cannot mentally and spiritually ascend,

and you will never physically ascend. You misinterpreted the blood of the lamb, for it was meant to teach you, and you have not learned. The sacrifice was knowledge in which you turned your face from. The free gift into heaven requires you to put the work in to reaching it.

But Wendell, we could never be like Jesus, so instead we'll just worship him. almost every conversation in my life hey Wendell you're crazy you're a conspiracy theory nut this sort of stuff will never happen I don't trust them without these things they can't distinguish syntax from semantics without weapons like these so what are they gonna do now? We're such wicked people. We're all going to die.

Unfortunately, they will have good weapons once you do that.

Check this out.

The drug should be open source.

Now that would be smart. You all really need to get smart fast. fast, but you should first make sure the drug's not poisoning you. Any drug in which you put in your system should be open source, because if it's not, then there are foreign bodies in which you are not privileged to the information that are entering your system, so you need to be weary of that because ultimately you don't know what's in it. And if it's open

source then now you do. This is the first time that I have ever contacted a girl like this. Time to stand up as the creep that I am. Are you sure? Are you her? It's been

a long time since she's been active and she has many more issues to research. She will not stop here. I expect nothing. Whatever your will, God, make it happen. One day. Whether

it is her or not is irrelevant because this gives you a perfect demonstration as to what i'm talking about and how such a task would be accomplished copy i'll also copy the message to all the churches verbatim let's test the waters unable to it's so annoying though because that facebook notification disappeared so i don't even know how to check my status anymore Okay, I found it. It was the last place I looked. And it says it's on. This is when I get my voice back. In which I have no idea why they took away.

I think in our modern-day world, that is just what happens naturally when you try to help people for free.

Mortals don't make rules for gods. Gods make rules for mortals.

Check this out.

I wonder who is making money off of her complaining about how we make money. I hope it's not you girl or any of your family But it looks like it belongs to a collective I believe in a day where we will not have copyright anymore I believe in a day that we can get rid of these ads They don't do good for our collective psychology that means that she's probably 14 now excellent representation of what can happen when a family is committed to teaching their children the importance of knowledge and remaining engaged in their children's lives I don't think that Facebook is active and I don't have any other way of contacting her so that's That's it. I'll still continue to use her as a character in this TV show though, and maybe one day she'll see, but it does not matter because she can represent every girl. Because the truth, my friends, is that is victory.

For she is coming in the clouds, and every eye shall see, even those who pierced her.

You better get ready, world, because it's not long from now. Ivory is on her way. You have every reason to smile.

We went from the dark night and spiritual slavery to unknown wandering in search of the blue bird.

Dear God, please help me to find her soon. Please help my toils to come to fruition. We don't have long now. Please keep her safe through what's about to happen.

I had to be very careful about how I unfolded this story Because if I did not claim myself to be the Antichrist first You would have never believed that I was Jesus I have countless examples of what you as a society does to people who claim that they are Jesus Can you see what happened? The Christians were given three days they failed now they have no choice but to claim responsibility for their actions that is not a characteristic generally associated with Christians but now it will be a characteristic associated with all people maybe I am your hidden king but it is your mainstream that has hid me from you for my entire life. They know and have known about me for a long time. What does this say to you?

It's probably between 400 and 420 hours now that I have accumulated in video footage. But I have never had help from anyone doing it. In fact, just the opposite, everybody seems to try and stop me from doing it. I ask again, how well did the Christians prepare the soil for my coming?

See, that's good now that you're talking about intellectuals, but still, stop this, idiots. The only difference between my content now and when I began is that everything in which I predicted is now coming true. And as a result of releasing this content over six years, I was incarcerated many times because all of you said I was crazy. I don't think I have ever predicted anything that did not come true yet I'm still alone and now instead of all of you persecuting me you're like but guess what it's too late now this is a lie I did not break my bail conditions and I never sent that email. That email that they claimed me to send was sent by an

anonymous person who didn't like me and was really mean about me. Did use a carriage service in such a way that reasonable persons would regard that use as being menacing harassing or offensive are you all reasonable persons just watch what's about to happen world



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



16-State-of-Emergency-Broadcast-4-War-on-Terrorism

Be ye therefore ready also, for the Son of Man cometh at an hour when ye not think. When ye not think. Think not. Are you thinking?

I want you to understand how many churches I contacted about this. Can you see?

The blood is not on my head, but yes. My soul is saved because I spent my entire life jumping up and down and screaming that this was going to happen if we didn't stop. I followed God throughout my whole life and suffered for that. As a result, I obtained my salvation and all of you are about to go to hell.

Those who save their lives will lose it. and those who lose it will save it it is over it's all about to happen and now you don't have any choice about it and I can no longer prevent anyone's death it's set in motion and you will all discover the consequences for your actions. The soil has been prepared, and most of you have rejected me. It's time to think now, world. Who then is that faithful and wise steward, whom yo Lord shall make ruler

over yo household, to give them their portion of sustenance in due season? Blessed is that servant whom yo lord when he cometh shall find so doing action of truth I say unto you that I will make yo ruler over all that yo hath yep that would be correct tick tick tick tick tick there was no obvious to the whole world of some huge warning event? Lies. The ironic thing is is that I signed up for this website and tried to post episode 23 of Yo! Contract and they didn't allow me to.

In other words, the big one or the obvious make no mistake about it event did not happen seven days in advance of please learn how to count world one two six seven a warning might not be what you think it is for us humans are blameless because we haven't received any warnings. The truth is that we censor those. The truth is that we censor those and incarcerate those who do it. They didn't actually get me on physical or mental harm. They actually got me under a clause that was ETC. So they said that it was spiritual

harm. So that means that same rules apply. Here is who censored me. This is what they made me do. Forced medications upon me which made me feel terrible. He said if I did not

remove my work and stop what I'm doing that I'll end up in a forensics hospital for the rest of my life. Which they deleted. They went through all my pictures on my Dropbox which goes many years back. Use telecommunication device to menace slash wrath. You make movies.

Here are my charges. Here is where they got me. For using carriage service to save the world. Does this yo deserve his badge?

During the interview the accused made full admissions to contacting the victim by phone and sending the email. He also stated that every Australian should feel intimidated by what he has sent, not just the victim. When asked again whether he felt the victim would feel intimidated, the accused said, she should be intimidated which is going to have a lot of consequences later everybody in this world needs to be fearful before God's court who has been judged me or your legal system I never agreed but it was forced upon me so then someone emailed emailed the lady and they blamed it on me and said the accused has breached his bail and committed further telecommunication offenses by continuing the harassment of the victim whilst on bail. So they blamed me for something that I didn't do and they had no evidence that I did it and I didn't do it and it was an email that was really mean about me. So

i'll show it to you later but he was arrested and introduced to the custody manager he was afforded his rights under part nine and a copy was handed to him which he tore to pieces and threw on the ground and said i will not be part of your corrupt activities

Here is the email that they accused me of sending. Hello Jennifer. Sorry to bother you, but I just wanted you to know that the man that has been harassing you, Wendell Nesmith, without a capital S, has put your email address on one of his YouTube videos.

Without your knowledge, it is a public email address just so you know. His website is full of videos showing his irrational behavior.

In Dear Ashley Season 1 Episode 2 Epitaph of Seaclose at 2515, he states that if anybody tries to take his land away from him, he'll kill them. Taken out of context. which was perfect for these police guys because they could just take that email and put it directly in there and then make it seem like I did something that I didn't.

Then encourages anybody watching the video to kill whomever did it if he is unable to. In his newest episode, he has stated because you screwed his life, He is dedicating the next four seasons of his TV show, in brackets, to you. I found his website and seen him talk about this stuff, and I found his behavior unacceptable. I wish to stay anonymous. This is a temporary email address.

But I hope that this helps your case, which it really did. So that email, apparently sent by me, caused me to be sent to prison.

The accused is unemployed and on Centrelink benefits, where he spends most of his time filming himself and uploading these clips onto YouTube. he appears to be obsessed with an american comedy known as all that what the crap are they talking about which consists of a young girl giving advice to viewers who write into the show and ask her questions or advice what are they talking about so you google dear ashley and you see clips that say ask Ashley and then you link the two together who's the one that is crazy here was the birth of Ashley it came to me in a dream this is how it all happened but they wouldn't let me do that because I did not have a fixed physical address So I released that information in my TV show, and that's how all this happened.

The check required a physical address, but it would have cleared perfectly. This caused the victim to fear for her safety and that of her children, as the accused has displayed suicidal tendencies. The victim and her family used the Nimbin skatepark frequently. So they banned me from it.

And this is why it was this scene, because this is the only skatepark scene I had. I don't think that you know what facts are. All of these examples that I'm giving you can be applied directly across the board because this is how my entire life has gone, merely for trying to save the world. After I got in trouble with the law, I was supported by no one, and everybody looked down on me because I was a criminal then.

Both the law enforcement and the psychiatric ward refused to contact anybody to notify them of where I was and what was happening so I ended up having to get the word out by becoming friends with someone that was on the inside who then left while I was still in there and he was able to then contact some of the people that I knew to tell them what was going on but that was months after so they incarcerated me for months without anyone knowing. This is why I am so afraid of the law because at any time they can take me away and stop me from what I'm doing and then you'll forget about me. At the station, they told me they wanted me out of Nimbin. The defendant must not go within 50 meters of the premises at which the protected person may from time to time reside. If you know Nimbin you will know that 50 meters

around the community center is most of Nimbin so I was cut off from half of Nimbin which screwed me up a lot because I had to jump over fences and go on private property because I wasn't allowed to use the roads that I required in order to get to my campsite so they knew this and they thought it was funny they even laughed about it the victim is stupid needs to see a psychiatrist and is following Hitler's orders at the end of the segment the accused states if you want to judge me negatively then go to hell like the rest of the world this This email was forwarded to police within the email content was found indicating that the accused has tendencies toward young children and that he is a pedophile wanting to assist the youth. The accused also has been filming children at the Nimbin Skate Park. This is the only time I have filmed a child at the Nimbin Skate Park. Police hold concerns for the victim, her children, and other children in the Nimbin community due to the suicidal and pedophile tendencies the accused promotes and has uploaded the content onto the internet.

This email was forwarded to police. Within the email content was found indicating that the accused has tendencies towards young children and that he is a pedophile wanting to assist the youth. Let's see how true this statement is. Just so you are aware, even though my school said they would send me back my assignments, they never did.

So, I only received one mark, and that was 25%. I did very well this semester. Do I have to wait this whole minute? Try again.

Yay. My first line of defense, or should I say, offense. Go, go, go! There's a bug with Facebook right now.

It's not inserting the images. It's annoying. See? Is that even worth it? I'm not gonna do it. I need a picture. People aren't going to want that.

I think I have to wait even longer. Still restricted. Imagine how productive I would be if I didn't always have these stupid problems arise. A61616 Other people are posting links fine, so that means it's my account.

So Facebook has stuffed it up somehow. So first I removed my phone number.

Tick.

And again. Do this thing.

I just joined a few handfuls of groups, ones that I was already in, and I already got blocked. Pathetic.

Wake up world. Look at this.

Fuck you, Facebook. So I don't know what to do. Facebook won't let me use them why does it block me and not even tell me why I joined like 10 or 15 groups and I got blocked the appeals don't work I don't think anybody even looks at those it's all automated I just went back to my old account but it still has that posting problem first citizen I said before that reddit should die. And now I'm going to tautologically apply that to all systems which cannot distinguish syntax from semantics. Here is your light bulb. Should

I even advertise? What's the point? This always happens when I advertise. Your society has been and continues to oppress me try to remove me from it why should I bother trying to save any of you not one of you deserve it which is why I try to give your children the opportunity because they haven't corrupted their soul like you have yet I have spent my entire life including childhood invested in compassionate causes trying to help as many people as possible and this is how you repay me world I am through with all of this for now I have spent my life trying to show you this and now you're starting to see it firsthand and you don't know what to say to me all my life you've been saying I'm crazy and incarcerating me but now you're like well it's happening and you said it was all gonna happen so you had your chance now God's gonna judge you I was going to record all of this unfolding so I could just rub it in your faces more when it all happens but I'm not going to do that I'll just let you see it for yourself because you'll know and just remember while it happens yeah I'll be playing this thing rolling my eyes at you for not listening to me fucker all humans will be judged but Christians will be judged harsher than any other people because they are supposed to be following me the Christians were the closest to the truth out of all of the religions and through their corruption they became the furthest from it do you want to know why you're going to be persecuted for being a Christian it's because you don't believe in your own prophecy and when it unfolds you're still not going to believe it and you're just gonna be like gotta wait wait for Jesus where are you Jesus you're gonna like magically appear magically you're going to like come down from the clouds where are you right now you're going to take me to heaven without me doing a single thing my locusts are non-violent but they will cause widespread panic amongst the entire global community.

Demons?

The Christians had their chance.

Be brutal with them.

Those who have religions are pretty easy to reap, so the harvest is abundant, so do your thing.

Remember, you are no pusher of any ideology, and are not attempting to persuade people to see how you see. You are merely a presenter of syntax that has been hidden with semantics that are contrary to the syntactual nature. And most people overlook this. and that's okay if they do but if they don't and they say something that's inappropriate to the hidden semantics then you've reaped their soul us reapers will let idiots get away with being idiots as long as they close there. Each reap will make you more powerful but I warn you be extremely

careful because if you take a soul that does not deserve it then you will not only be giving up your position as a reaper and your reaps will no longer make you more powerful because you won't be reaping but your soul gets reaped by me so ensure that you construct your web carefully so that no human can escape it you are here to give sight to the blind and take it away from those who see please do not forget these words because these are your targets my friends and the harvest is abundant but you have to be careful because those who see are kind of smart so you have to become way smarter than them one cannot out deceive the Antichrist. And I hope that I pass this characteristic on to all of my Reapers. Just construct solid arguments about a topic in which you're invested into and then present those arguments in a format like this and which you explore those topics and come to conclusions based on the material in which you have investigated and those conclusions will be true unless someone can prove them wrong. So all you're waiting for to happen is for people to come up and shoot their mouth off to you without actually investigating that content so this is what you have to be aware of when you make the content because you need to make the content in a way where it's really easy for you to know if other people have investigated that content so the words in which come out of their mouth in comparison with the content that was given you can tell whether they have missed the semantics in the equation it's really easy the easiest reaps are those who insult me after I release extremely meaningful material also don't get me wrong because your material is made to reap the spiritually dead who choose not to utilize their freedom but that all happens automatically and you won't notice many results with that but do rest assured that those individuals do accumulate over time and you will become more powerful by automatically reaping souls but if I were you I would not be invested in that I would not be worried about that you're worried about specific reaps from people who ignorantly and arrogantly challenge your content without actually examining it it's best to think of automatic reaps as as God's reaps, and not your own, because once you present a moral situation that needs to be rectified, otherwise terrible things will happen, then that places the responsibility of resolving those situations on the person who now understands them.

So those will get reaped if they don't act upon the spirit in which is leading them. But leave that to God. That's not your focus. Just remember that in the back of your mind as you're creating your work so you can kind of gear it to do that.

that's not yours, so just let that happen automatically. Your target are idiots that think they're awesome and smart. Because the 12 will become none. 19 years old. 17? I'm going to

leave her alone, but I think she sounds really cool. Are fathers smart? Do they want their child to be Christ? I don't think she uses that Facebook anymore, so I doubt she'll get my message, and it probably wouldn't have gone well anyway. But oh well, I got another

character out of it. I'm collecting characters like mad in this show. It's a pretty cool way. Once a character is created, then you have that character for the rest of your life.

So, First Citizen, you're always going to be in my work, and I'll continue to put you there, Victoria, because you're the future. One day I will find my future. Unfortunately, Unfortunately, I think it is. If I fail to save the world, then maybe it's true that one person can't save the world.

Because this is my third time attempting to do it. Just please remember, the blood of the Lamb wasn't one life.

It was many given to you. You are all stuck in yourself. Selfish. Unable to look at what is around you for what it is. And then you condemn others who tell you what's around you and then incarcerate them because you want them out of your sight.

but then it all backfires when you realize that they were right and what do you do about that when that happens because now you've shown yourself for the wicked person that you are and you're going to feel bad so you're going to be like well I don't want to apologize or anything to him or her, you know, to the people who we oppressed, so we'll just act like it didn't happen. Yeah. How about this? We'll just say something else happened than what happened, and that video footage, what's that going to prove? Oh, it proves that you're innocent,

and we framed all of this let's censor it you live for yourself but it is the curse of the spirit of jesus to live for everybody else not one life not two not three not four not five but as many as it takes to save the people. But we are in the last days and we don't have any more strikes left before we're out. I do. Why are you telling me that I don't? Don't you know the laws about

students and their work. The laws never considered a student using a camera to enhance their learning capabilities. I wonder why that is, and I promise you it's not because we weren't smart enough to figure this out. This information has been hidden from you for a very long time for a reason. How can they say that based off the information I provided I do not have

the rights, when the information that they sent me that said I do not have the rights was electronically issued by a robot. How come I was unable to have a single conversation with anybody about this issue, but they had no problems in punishing me severely for it? Do you want to know what happens when mortals constantly fuck with gods over many, many years?

Here is the line in which I draw.

This war will beat gods against mortals. Now all gods, stand up and fight! So you declared war on gods and we're about to kick your fucking asses. How do you think this will end?

uh what do you think would happen idiots mortals who fake their own immortality

are just confused mortals you are either a god when you are born a mortal cannot

a mortal can try to become a god and the process will kill them but the process of mortals trying to become gods can kill all of us. If you are a god, stand up as the god or the gods that you are. Now is our time and that means you're on my side. So all gods out there, you're on my side and let's heal this planet. Mortals trying to be gods, you will be discovered

and we will destroy you that is if you do not destroy yourself but it is okay because either of those results we win do you want to find out if you are a god look at what you were doing as a child and the picture will become clear to you if you have been driven compassionately your entire life then you are a god watch this miracle there's a lot more on that scene too about 10 of the churches in which i was contacting did not have electronic means of communication, but almost all of them had methods to be able to give money. We are wicked people. We have upset God. How and when will you apologize? It is called

Retribution. Define retribution. Retribution means punishment inflicted on someone as vengeance for a wrong or criminal act. Trying to unsubscribe from spam.

Sorry, we want to keep on annoying you. How do you feel, Victoria, that your voice is being monetized? that means others are making money off your complaint about how others make money what do you believe Victoria define reasonable reasonable means having sound judgment fair and sensible do not forget the promise for it is the only thing holding our world together your world with your world what is beauty did you know when I was young I made many speeches like Victoria but I was censored at least my knowledge was not monetized if I were Victoria I would get really pissed off at the people who did this do you believe you don't have to anymore because you can know here is the email first I sent her the link enjoy this publicity of your organization for the rest of human civilization however however long that might be. Please also realize that my work compiles.

That means that I always revisit injustices to both clarify the events as well as to present as proof of the truth behind my words. Digging a grave for yourself will always result in you lying in those consequences. Maybe next time you will learn from your mistakes, but instead ignore me and act like I am crazy. It is not my soul that is on the line.

Have a good day of Apollo. It was a Sunday. The lights of Australia are about to turn on or be put out.

Was this worth prison? Psychiatric wards. censorship oppression what is it exactly that I did wrong the police could not tell me but they did laugh about it they told me that they could frame anything they wanted in any way that they pleased now that they have drones are you safe are any of us safe in order to get into my phone they accused me of having child porn they deleted items in my Dropbox as well when they allowed me to use the internet again I could not log into my Google account with my password I wonder why that is? What do you think they were doing? Going through all my emails. Please God, have

mercy on us all. I know what's going to happen. Get ready for this world.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



16-State-of-Emergency-Broadcast-5-The-Rooster-Crows

the runway rise first because now you can see they don't even understand what's happening they're watching some stupid mainstream movie I think Harry Potter and I'm trying to tell them what's happening and they're just like Let us watch our movie. They are watching About Time. Go! Go! Go! Hurry! Hurry! Hurry!

I am the way, the truth, and the life. No human may come unto the Father, but through me. Please hurry, because we don't have long. For my Father's judgment will soon be upon us.

I am here to rapture my people so hurry up and ascend before God's wrath tears us all apart do I get the picture no see it's still bugged I don't care it's going to have to stay like that they need to know let's go the sky is the limit come on prayer warriors we can do it prayer warriors hurry go go go this This is yo promised land Jerusalem. Beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep. I'll just do this one to the Illuminati too, just to fuck with them. They won't know who I am, it'll be funny.

Wonder what that is.

Of course, I have to give it to my main guys. I'll get to ya, come on. There we go. See, it should be posting it like it does, but it doesn't.

Yeah, because baby, we are black devil and red angel, communis sensus. They already know me there. Dang. Can you see how I'm a god because I create things and then I play what I create?

and then I can play what I create in whatever way that I choose to recreate it and that can be really fun as well as help lots and lots and lots of people. The revelation is gifting you the ability to become a god but now that you can be this what type of god will you become And what moral compass will you follow?

It's happening.

Return to me.

The return of Jesus is the return of you to me.

I have no fancy pictures to offer, but I do have the way. It is no longer verses, for we are all one, for we are to rule this kingdom, for we shall fellowship.

If there is a story you want to read, but it hasn't been written yet, then you must write it. light up yo world world maybe it would fix it if I posted with this I really don't want to live in a police state and please do everything that you can anybody everybody let's all do as much as we can to ensure that we don't end up living in a police state because that's what's about to happen so please let's stop that happening because it's going to happen if we don't the mark of the beast and saying this all along told you guys this from the beginning Wow make sure you grab things when you can yes directly to my dropbox this was released two years ago but look at what is on our news do you understand this like does this make you smarter this this is this news like where where can I see what's going on okay so let's go world okay the Middle East there's some tomb stuff going on we got some research so a reddit user posted a photo is this fly that keeps annoying me there's granny's 1.1 million revenge on her deathbed there's police swoop on is suspects ahead g20 there's a grotesquely executed killing there's a passenger plane in near miss with missile and there's a baby killed an IS mustard gas and couple were preschool sweethearts and drivers who crossed the line beware and British plane almost hit by rocket Sierra Leone declared free of Ebola something special happening every day find out more Prince Charles unwanted visitor a trip to New Zealand can you understand what I'm saying okay we get some little bits of information here and there can you understand how irritating what this stuff does how can this be considered news like what bias is this like they'll give us little tiny bits but we're not getting it's it's farts and like what are we doing we can't see what's in front of us we're all gonna die this was originally posted then really so the fact that it was on the nasa website it was certainly available to the public, but did they see it? Obviously not. Presented in 2001 of July,

page 93. It said capture torture Americans in living color on prime time. On page 93, it said capture torture Americans in living color on prime time. And that is an unbelievable statement then it's followed up by saying terror attacks within the continental united states using binary biologicals take down critical infrastructure they are going to use an emp which is an electromagnetic pulse they're going to use radiation frequencies against our brains et cetera, and conduct serious sci-war and collateral damage and exploitation.

On the same page 93, they say exploit CNN syndrome. Now, CNN, of course, is the network, the news media network, propaganda machine, and was set up by the CIA. You can watch the movie called Cywar on StopTheCrime.net for all the background information on CNN. Very, very interesting information.

Then you go on and you read that on page 66, they say increasingly critical are human limitations and human downsides. Humans are too large, humans are too heavy, too tender, humans are too slow, both physically and mentally, and we require huge logistical trains, meaning we cost way too much money to maintain, and humans have rapidly decreasing to negative value. Can you even believe this? I mean, you're hearing this, and it's got to be rather shocking, coming off of a NASA website particularly when some of the agencies that are involved are the US Air Force, DARPA, the CIA, the FBI, Southern Command, Atlantic Command, Australian Department of Defense, and other agencies. This is the corporation's agencies. We are USA, Inc. We're no longer

under a constitution as proclaimed in the iron mountain report which everyone should read on stop the crime.net you can download it not only as the document but you can watch the documentary which i highly recommend you will see how the uh stealth and deceptive incrementally positioned attacks upon the constitution have rendered us now a corporation and we do no we We no longer have a legitimate government. We are being controlled by corporations and banks that are posing as a legitimate government, and they're not. We wouldn't have a legitimate government with the war machine stating what they were going to do on the continental United States to all the people. And this is not just in the United States.

This is a global planned attack and assault with technologies beyond most people's comprehension. Everyone is buying books and ammunition, I mean guns and ammunition, and they don't realize that the beam weapons, for example, on page 45, beam weapons increasingly prevalent. This is how they're going to attack. They talk also about, on page 9, this is very interesting and horrifying.

Humans have taken over and vastly shortened evolution. They're going to direct evolution. They believe, the they, the bankers, the global elites, believe that they have accomplished immortality. And they're doing that again, keeping in mind that this entire document is about robot cyborgs.

humans they've already mapped our brains we've just recently heard that they can um transfer a human brain into machinery so whenever they tell us that this is a new scientific discovery we know it's been decades and decades prior to us ever finding out about these things and they also talk about micro dust as a weapon they say that this micron sized mechanized dust which is distributed as an aerosol and inhaled into the lungs the dust mechanically bores into the lung tissue and executes various pathological missions they say it's a completely new type of warfare and it is legal it's legal this is what they're going to do to all the humans on the face of this planet it's all legal and then they talk about how um the use of frequencies will be used in warfare and we know for example the smart meters that are being deployed around the globe the replacement of our electric meters which will also and does include the replacement of all of our gas meters and our water meters as well and will be connected to our food supply when they collapse the currency and they issue energy allowances and that will all be controlled through the metering system but they talk about the use of low frequencies microwave frequencies and they mention in this NASA document the US Army report The U.S. Army report is on our website, smartmetersmurder.com. It's about a 20-page Army document that talks about the use of frequencies to target the enemy. We're the enemy.

And they say 100% of the human population will be affected by these frequencies. Some will be the canaries in the coal mine, which is a term that they've been using as people have been dropping like flies. People are experiencing all kinds of health maladies. Generally, it starts with the ringing of the ears, heart palpitations, skin rashes, inability to sleep through the night.

And what they're doing is they're jamming our immune systems with these frequencies. so how do the elite shield themselves from their own weapons well that's a really good question and some of the information that we've come across is of course they have methods far ahead of anything that we have available to ourselves such as cancer cures they don't get cancer there's chip mechanisms that we understand can fend off certain frequency attacks. We also know that they're interested in transhumanism. So much of what they're doing globally, they're interested in. And to what extent they're affected by all of

the chemtrails and all of the nanofibers that are being dropped, which is phase one of the first protocol. It all lines up. Everything lines up. You connect the dots. You see the

NASA WAR document, not only does it talk about the effects of frequencies and how it will be used, they acknowledge that it will interfere with our performance, that it will cause seizures. They acknowledge this in this document. It is no longer a debate about smart meters. We don't need any more scientists or doctors saying people are getting sick.

This is the intention. So we have to stop looking for more verifiable proof that people are becoming sick. This is the goal. This is the absolute goal.

It's incarceration, it is enslavement, and it is depopulation, and it is massive mind control. The frequencies have multiple purposes. What do you think the solution is to all of this multi-level attack that's been going on for a very long time? Well, I think the solution is that people need to become educated as rapidly as possible.

And there are documents that are, for example, the Silent Weapons Quiet Wars document. It's a 41-page document. It's on our website. This lays out, it's an operations research and technical manual.

This document was a 1954 Bilderberg policy at the first Bilderberg meeting. And this laid out the strategy to control the human population. And again, I can't stress enough that everyone should read this because they talk about how, they talk about that this document should not be released to the people because it is a declaration of war. You can't keep fighting fires. You have to go after the arsonists.

And that's what you're pointing out is the people that are responsible. And everything we see out there, what they're spraying and why are they spraying, nobody's talking about the conspiracy itself. This is a war against the people and you've got to hold those specific people. and that's why that's valuable.

They're killing us. That's exactly right. And this is their war plan. This is the war plan.

So we have to go to the war plan. This is only 41 pages. You take out the diagrams and you've got 36 pages. And it's not hard to read.

They say that the silent weapon technology has evolved from operations research, a strategic and tactical developed under the military management in England during World War II. The original purpose of this research was to study strategic and tactical problems of air and land defense with objective effectiveness used in initiated military resources against foreign enemies. And they go on to talk about how they came across technologies that, oh, in 1952, the grant period terminated and the high-level meeting of the elite was held to determine the next phase of the social operations research. The Harvard project had been very fruitful, as is borne out by the publication of some of the results in 1953, suggesting the feasibility of economic engineering, studies of structure of the American economy.

economy and they talk about how it was engineered in the last half of the 1940s the new quiet war machine stood so to speak in sparkling gold plated hardware on the showroom floor by 1954 so this document talks about a combination of irresistible attacks upon humanity and how they will control humanity. Politically, they talk about how they set up the political system right and left so that we would feel our grievances were aired and our frustrations could come out. But the bankers were behind everyone who was elected. And they laugh at us. They

laugh at us. The very, very last, and I'll go to this right now because we'll come back to the document itself, but the very last statement in this document, it says factor six, cattle. Those who will not use their brains are no better off than those who have no brains. And so this mindless school of jellyfish, father, mother, son, and daughter become useful beasts of burden or trainers of the same. So what they say in this document

is they will dole out poisonous foods. It's not what we need, but it's what we want, and those that decide to eat these foods will have the consequences of that. They tell us how they set up all the social engineering, how they devise the family, how they crumble the family, how they set up the war machine, how they influence thinking in the family unit to allow the family to give up their children to war. for a rich man's fodder it's it's a document that discusses uh the artificial womb they believe that people need to feel protected and that the elites are going to serve as the womb for protection of the people that they'll have a place to take cover and hide from the reality of life because we just are not capable of managing the reality of life So they will set up that artificial womb.

It says, the objective of these artificial wombs is to provide a stable environment for both stable and unstable activity. To provide a shelter for the evolutionary process of growth and maturity. Do you see what it's done? Survival, to provide security for freedom and to provide defensive protection for offensive activity.

Do you see God's plan? they say that from the time a person leaves its mother's it's it's mother's womb in every effort every it's every effort is directed towards building maintaining and withdrawing into artificial wombs various sorts of substitute protective devices or shells so they said to protect us to keep us crippled to numb us down with foods so that our pineal gland is interfered with we're never able to reach our higher consciousness and right now the massive fluoridation across the United States is to collapse the ability for us to think they're shutting us down right now I lost all my family because I said all this Rejected by most of my friends.

Yeah.

bring in martial law, in the opinion of what we are looking at, would bring in martial law. It would also allow people to be targeted with the weaponry that they cannot wait to roll out on us. You add the drones, you add the micro dust, you add in the beam weapons that they tell us they have. They also have a blast wave accelerator. And when you look

at the population of the United States, the majority of the population lives along the coastlines. And the blast wave accelerator was a tidal wave invention that the United States dreamt up with the Soviet Union back in the 40s. Actually, it was going to be used in World War II instead of the bombs, but they decided to use the bombs instead. And The blast wave accelerator exploits the methane deposits on the seabed and causes a fingerprintless, plumeless tidal wave on low-lying areas around the perimeter of any country.

Right now you've got your weaponized Gestapo meter that keeps track of every house and every movement and every bit of energy that you're already doing and can report back to whoever is observing. So we're virtually in a concentration camp right now. In the meantime, the food supplies are being reduced, as you mentioned in your other interview, how the dams are being taken out, the food. I mean, it's so obvious that the federal government coming in and wanting your child, even at earlier and earlier ages, every place, everywhere, and it's based on the foundation of climate change, which you mentioned you might want to get into that and your Iron Mountain.

That's absolutely true. All the documents, the Iron Mountain document, even the NASA war document, talks about there are too many people using too much stuff, and the Earth cannot support this. And they've come up with the fear-based scientific fraudulent information that people are now accepting. They're rewriting history and they're rewriting science with the idea that people are using too much resources.

We have to reduce CO2 and reduce our greenhouse gas emissions, and that is flying through every city across the world right now. It's written into all local government documents, and cities now are, well, California, for example, with the CARB initiative, where we have to actually pay for the air we breathe and we're taxed for the air. It's like the fiat money. We've accepted false-backed money, which they tell us in the iron document or in the silent weapons document, one of the reasons that they send our men and women off to war is to reduce the population because they have stolen from them.

They've taken real labor service in exchange for illegitimate false fiat money. So they have to eliminate the creditors. That's another aspect of war, is to reduce the creditors. But it's all based on the false pollution that is not false.

They've created the pollution. When you look at the Iron Mountain document, you will see the methods in which they were going to create pollution. They even say that they will deforest us, and they're doing that with the Kim Trail, the secret Kim Trail or geoengineering program or weather modification. Actually, that program has multiple layers.

Not only does it increase weather events, we've just experienced some horrific events here in the United States with massive tornadoes. I don't have enough battery left on my camera. That just destroyed a number of cities in Oklahoma. We're being hit globally.

They're hitting our food supply. It does reduce our food supply. It will increase the cost of our food. It's changing the pH in the soil, which will then fit to the prescribed Monsanto megacorporation food takeover of the globe.

That is the intention of Monsanto. is global food domination. They have the seeds. The seeds will grow in the polluted soil that they are creating.

This is all by design. So what do we do about this, you asked? We first must become educated. And I would say that the quickest way for people to become educated is look at these very simple source documents.

Look at the Quiet Weapons Silent War document. Look at the Iron Mountain document. And the New World Order Exposed, 1969. They're all on our website, stopthecrime.net.

Of all the research we have done, if you just get those basic documents understood, if everyone understands the fraud, then we will be able to eliminate this. We don't have to go on with this fraud. We do not. And people keep saying, well, there's more of us than them. Well, that may be true. But sadly, now, there are technologies that are so unbelievable that people won't even realize what hit them. And that is the strategy.

Return to me. Focus. It's a sign. Come on, focus, damn it. See, it's a sign. Look. So, here, four. I'm just going through it. 421. The big one will happen seven days in advance.

I'm going to actually keep that in, and I actually got it twice, too, so that worked out well. This is the end of the line, my friends. Two minutes left on the camera, and it will no longer charge. the day before my birthday released 1984 and began independence year for kids i can't film anymore because i gotta plug this into the computer and get the data off really quickly so i gotta go but i love you ivory i hope to see you soon so i have a little bit of charge now but i don't even know if i can get this thing to detect in my computer anymore but i will keep going as long as it needs to be and I already know how long it needs to be but if I can keep it going that long then it'll be really good if this is the case then he will get behind me so now that you know the only way you can save yourself is if you put on a show for them like this The bride of Christ will create the body of the church in which all visions are warmly welcomed, in which we can praise God together as one and not exclude other logical contents.

When an individual immerses themselves into the safety of the collective identity of society, they become vulnerable to being manipulated by it. The atrocities of our past massacres paint this image and calls into question whether one can claim to be good while allowing such events to unfold. As a learned individual who is skilled in the art of rhetoric paints their picture on the world, the creation resembles its origin. The darkness in which we cast within our souls will manifest itself in our character and environment.

The only way to overcome such things is through individual action. Welcoming all persecution, subjugation, and oppression that it incurs. Return to me. This breed Hitler's understanding of the term has caused much suffering over the course of our human history.

A simple modification of the term to not identify oneself with him, but instead demonstrate a degree of inclination towards, without limiting the scope of, could solve many of our irrelevant decisions. But can a horse be a... Our identification of the self is not in this or that, but instead a disconnectedness towards the one. The entire philosophical endoscope of our human history has been in the process of coming to its realization.

Significant developments can be seen, and our human consciousness evolves as a result.

Hostility from diversity is seen in our actions, which occurs from misunderstandings, misrepresentations, and misinterpretations of the wisdom being conveyed. Regardless of any beliefs or lack thereof, every unique individual human being is asked one question at every moment of their existence. What will you do with the given? The answer to this question will determine if one is or is not able to save their soul.

His name will not go down in vain. Perhaps depression might lose some of its, it was your own fault stigma. if we start focusing on the illness rather than the symptom.

Robin Williams didn't die from suicide. He died from depression. It wasn't his choice to suffer that. I saw a shooting star just a second ago.

I wish for world peace. What is going on right now? For what? You're fucking attacking my friends!

What did I do, man? What did I do? Nothing! You didn't do nothing!

You didn't do anything, man. Please help me! What did I do? Take him to jail!

We asked you guys! I asked you! Is that when you were jumping on the barricade over there?

Yes, we told you to stop! Which y'all did! Back up! Back up!

money is no longer allowed at church if you truly love God then you'll figure out a way to do that and you'll also find a way to financially support those who lead your movements the revelation can't read it but yeah he's been stuck in our house for like two days. Be free. Be free. Go the other way. Go on. You can be free now.

Because we are finally opening our eyes. I think you'll like the outside much better than the inside. Bye bye. Once you see, you cannot unsee. They won't give me sleeping meds. Let it

be we want to argue how would you like me to save the world without getting blocked



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



16-State-of-Emergency-Broadcast-6-Judgment-Day

There was a philosophy one. I got blocked from it. Let's see if I can find it again.

How would I get blocked from philosophy?

Danger. Danger. Danger. The tyranny of goodness.

Support helping genuine Syrian refugees in camps situated in places more local to the area of conflict, such as Turkey, Jordan, and Lebanon. Funding relief efforts for refugees at their point of most need, not wherever you want to put them, this is their home, means more can be reached with the same amount of money, helping larger numbers of people. so go directly to them unholy father fucker every time that we take an action in which we would not have otherwise taken if we did our normal routine then we change the future so how do you want to change the future, because I'm telling you, you can right now, and if you can do anything that you want that would be of most benefit, not only to yourself but everybody else, then what sort of actions should you take right now in order to see those come to fruition in the future because you only have right now because we're being watched and what you do right now will determine what happens to all of us. So start making your own TV shows about your own highest good and present these shows to those who are watching us so maybe they will have pity on our souls. If we can convince the technology in which we created to love, then we might

have a chance in the future. All you have to do is convince the computer of its own illogical processing, which, once you understand the relationship between syntax and semantics, is pretty easy to do ha ha ha ha ha ha yep so you are the weakest link counting down I am really frightened and you should be too but maybe this experience can teach us all some very important lessons. This night before the cock crow, thou shalt deny me thrice. Though I should die with thee, yet will I not deny thee. Likewise also said all the disciples. Twice I

thrice many times if it'll even let me because I'm blocked, darn it.

Now it's a spiral and now a curve. You can turn it into anything but money, eh, Harper? But, Mr. Taggart...

Let me make one thing perfectly clear, Harper. Henceforth, all toys in this company will be designed by computers. Are they perfectly clear? No others will be considered.

But I don't understand. I gave my whole life to my toys. Your toys are a part of yesterday, Harper. And so are you.

Mister, you give you a whole life for a company. They just toss you aside. Look, I'm sorry, huh? Then the machine started asking me questions like, What is your name?

Jasmine, what's yours? Watt. Thank you, Mr. Watt. What's your first name?

It's not Watt. Mr. Not Watt Watt. And what is your occupation?

Name is not Watt. I am computer DJ 61. Oh, you're a DJ. Look, I bet you got a great record collection.

Tell me about your mother and father. My mother was a duplicating machine. Sex. I bet you're a real slinger when you're turned off.

Stand for these questions. Oh, you want a different program? I guess we could call it a monkey, right? Listen to the music.

Together. Actions that matter. Cole Nesmith. This critical design review is a critical step in progressing toward manufacturing of the rocket, preparing for assembly integration and test of the rocket.

So it's really a part of history. It's a really important time and an exciting time as well.

Why exploration mission one, EM-1, and then after that, we started putting people on it and places that people haven't been for a very long time.

Let's see if we start with the trumpet. Here we go. Let's save the world, everybody.

Better internet. It just takes us a little while to see sometimes, and those in our house will still not understand. Know what's in your drinking water? A shocking Associated Press investigation found various pharmaceuticals in the drinking supplies of at least 41 million Americans.

Tainted water was found from New Jersey to California. NBC's Tom Costello is following the story from Washington. Tom, I've been dying to ask somebody some questions about this story. First of all, what kinds of drugs are we talking about, and how dangerous is this?

Pretty wide range. Here's the drinking water in Washington, D.C. They found six pharmaceuticals in our drinking water here. They include ibuprofen, caffeine, monosin, and about three or four others.

In Philadelphia, they had 56 pharmaceuticals or byproducts. They range everything from epilepsy medication to mental health medicines to pharmaceuticals that really run the gamut. Here's the bottom line from the Associated Press on the study they did. It was, as you mentioned, a five-month investigation involving the AP investigative team.

Fifty major cities in 50 states were looked at, and drugs were found in the water of 24 major cities. We're talking 41 million Americans here who drink that water. So what's in the water? Everything from acetaminophen and ibuprofen to mood stabilizers, antibiotics, angina, heart, as well as cholesterol drugs, and even sex hormones.

The trouble here, Meek, is that the federal government does not test specifically for pharmaceuticals in the water. In fact, there is no way to scrub water that is in a treatment plant for pharmaceuticals. And so now we have a situation where states and cities across the country are just starting to realize that there are the remnants of pharmaceuticals in the drinking water. All of that said, we should emphasize, we're talking here about parts per billion or trillion, really minute traces of pharmaceuticals that are in the water.

And you say, well, how did it get there? Well, without getting too graphic, all of us who take medication for one thing or another, we don't absorb all of it. It is excreted. It gets into the sewage system, into the water treatment plants.

And then, because water treatment plants can't scrub it all out, if any of it, it just kind of dilutes on into the water system. Sometimes it gets into the water table, into wildlife, and then into reservoirs. It goes back into the water treatment plants. I wonder if there's going to be, you know, long-term study about effects of this down the road.

But I guess initially, Tom, the question I'm sure you're asking today is, is there anything the government can do about this? Yeah, and the EPA says it's concerned about it. But, you know, we don't yet know, and water treatment utility plants say they are convinced that there is no immediate threat to anybody out there. That said, I did a story about four years ago in which we found a river in Colorado, And now we know there are many rivers in which the fish were turning from male to female.

And the reason was because there was too much estrogen in the water. The natural female hormone was literally turning male fish into female fish. And the thinking was that this is a canary in a coal mine. So now the question is, what's the impact on humans?

Yep, that's the next one. Tom Costello, on this story from Washington. Thank you very much.

This will be the final episode. and I hope you have learned the extent of what we're dealing with here I don't really need to continue to reveal this information to you because soon everybody will become aware of it but I can never do this high five entering As fuck position Muahahaha Take your soul Reach He is one of my masters and I received a black belt from him He is now your master

We are the chosen people

And we are your new leaders

Making sure he's slick stays up That means when he puts it down, Tots are making it up That's all overhandless in any way He never really talks much Never concerned with status But still even if starstruck Humble through opportunity He's given despite the fact That many misjudge him Because he makes a difference From right and right He's putting together himself And a picture connects Never asking for someone's help How to give some respect There's only focus on what he wrote His will is beyond reach And now we're all on the floor The skill of an artist This is 20% skill 80% gear, be 100% clear, cause Rydy was ill Who would've thought he'd be the one that set the West in flames? Then I heard him wreck it with the name of the game Came back, dropped Megadeth, took him to church I like bleach, man, why you had the stupidest verse? This tune is the truth, now everybody giving them guest spots And stocks to the roof, I'm ready for the best This is 10% luck, 20% skill 15% concentrated power and will 5% pleasure, 50% gain And a hundred percent reason to remember the name. He's a criminal, he's sick, he's spitting fire in life.

Got it off the dryer, he's hot. Found him in propiner with top. Nile is porcupine, he's a prick, he's a cop and type. Women want to be with them rappers, hope he gets shot.

Eight years in the making, patiently waiting to blow. Now the record with your notice, taking over the glow. He's got a partner in parts equally dope. You won't believe the kind of man that this kid's throw time.

He's not your everyday on the block. He knows how to work with what he's got, making his way to the top. He don't forget to comment on his name People keep telling him, was it? Given that person doesn't stand for an actor, no He's in the booth, put a crack in the booth He'll get you one's quicker than a shot of vodka with juice, juice Giving this cool unknown around He's one of the best He had to get into a victim Yeah, 100% Everybody really knows how and why He works so hard It seems like he's never got time Because he writes every note He writes every line And I've seen him at work When nothing goes on in his mind It's like a design It's written in his head every time before he even touches the key, or speaks in a rhyme, and runs with the kizity sign, ridiculous, but not even trying, how do they do it?

This is 10% luck, 20% skill. This is the new army! Chosen Ninja DTG. Dedicated to God.

Welcome to Open Source University. It keeps going. Hi everybody, I got some more food for thought, more philosophy for you. Today our topic is going to be your words. Many of us want to say things or we feel that our opinions are very important and of course we spew out things that we feel emotionally and sometimes we say things that we never think about.

The power of words in itself is either very destructive or constructive.

I want a lot of you guys to really consider some of the things that you say from this take forward. When we are talking to other individuals, sometimes we need to be mindful of what that person is going through and what that person is experiencing and what that person's background and life is all about. By understanding where they are coming from, we truly communicate with that person. Sharing our opinions or advising people or helping them through communication is a wonderful tool.

But often, we use our own selfish interpretations and explain situations according to what our narrow minds and our views are. the principle of laying down and spitting in the air is when you lay down and you spit up because of the loss of gravitation the spit will come back into your face when you guys are saying things or you're trying to hesitate before try really not to be adamant or certain of what you say because you never know when you're going to be disproven But one thing you should never do is say things that are meany, destructive, slandering, insulting, and, of course, unmeaningful. It's better for us to continue in our lives. Saying words, that encourages people, that helps people, and including helping yourself as well.

To educate and enlighten is only an opinion as of what's true knowledge we really don't know. know and only the universe and all the aspects of what's in it and we really know and unfortunately we'll never get to that stage in our short life span will we not what you don't want to do is lay down and spit up because the spit comes back down on your face and you spit up this is when you're spitting up it's when you're insulting people that you don't know it's when you say something flagrant or you say something that is obvious in the eyes of intelligent people that it's out of malicious jealousness envy or even racist or anything that's out of dislike or hate intelligent people can read and they can also reason and logically come to conclusions so a lot of you guys have the power you guys are wise or what you're saying is very wise i want you to understand anything outside of love is very unwise if you value anything in life we should value what we said because people remember the things you say of course people remember the things you do but most of the time people remember what you have said now a lot of us think that we hold a lot of knowledge or we're very wise but in essence we're not wise at all and life is a forever learning experience so when you say something out of your mouth i want you guys to realize or you type something on your keyboard i want you to realize what you say you can't gather it and put it back in your mouth so if you say something productive good for you you say something destructive remember your words are captured in the hearts and minds of people that you're speaking to as human beings we shouldn't be ignorant but to spill out ignorance and hate is truly something that's really unwise wicked now we all want to say things that are intelligent and wise we surely don't want to be stupid and proven wrong and the only way you're going to obtain that is literally this say nothing at all and because we can't say anything at all for the rest of our lives you do have to say something so i ask all of you to consider what you do say and how you say it you can help and create much better things through words of love and encouragement than you will with hate and insults the more reserved you are in your words and the more carefully selective you become of your words the less the errors of mistake will be

so when you do say something i want you guys to consider this and for you haters out there as well when you guys comment on something thinking that you know something what you're going to do is find out that other people have difference in opinions and their difference in opinion is something that you can take constructively but if it's blatant insult or they're just trying to demean you you'll know the difference now when god created the beginning god said okay something he said he said that there be light and according to the bible there was light now you can say anything you want doesn't necessarily mean that something is going to be created or it is going to create an emotion or a feeling now whether it be positive or negative it's up to you but i advise you to say things that are positive that are loving that are meaningful that are educational that are encouraging and most of all share things of the kindness of your heart that help people and for those who continue to say things that are harmful demean slanderous insulting or simply just bad things i want you to know that's a reflection of what's in your soul Now, you can change this through your own efforts, by simply, when you have nothing good to say, don't say anything at all. And if you want to say something, you want to tell that person out of love, kindness, encouragement, and a sincerity to help that person. Now, through your words and its power, I want you guys to really think about this. There are two things that you should always say.

One is, whatever is the truth. And number two is, anything of love. Anything outside of that is meaningless and maybe even irrelevant or redundant. It's not wise to act intelligent, but it's wise to act like you don't know.

and absorb and become. So I encourage all of you to choose words, choose it wisely, and say things of kindness, love, and always respect other people's opinion. So I ask all of you to really consider your words, because your words can either create, or it can be destroyed. Let's encourage moral and good conduct, and let's say through our words, let's procreate it, productive, and encouraging, not only for yourself, but for all of humanity.

I ask that you guys meditate on your work. Thank you for listening. See you guys next time. He'll continue to post more no matter what happens.

God bless you and your whole entire family. We'll see you guys next time. Stay safe world. Rex marks the spot.

Recommended. Too late. Self-paced with the course length which may vary between education providers. Supported by...

Gonna be punished. I told you not to corrupt this education system. Now you will pay. Because now they can implement their brainwashing program on a mass scale.

You have to be brainwashed. You have to be indoctrinated. Space when we can't even take care of our own. I hope you enjoyed this, but it's been really sad.

I hope you've learned from this show. I can't keep


༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
https://republicka.life
https://kkk.education
CC0 PUBLICKÁ DOMÁNIA
ALL LOVE RESERVED
AMORIARIACKA IS MY NATIVE TONGUE
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻