༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
📺 The Televised Revelation 📺
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻

November 16, 2015


A tormented voice cries out from the abyss between realms, bearing the weight of divine judgment and apocalyptic revelation. Claiming to be the "nine-tailed demon fox" sent to judge humanity, the speaker confesses exhaustion from sleepless nights and spiritual crucifixion, haunted by visions of World War 3 and the souls lost to global corruption. With raw desperation, Wendell recounts a lifetime of warnings ignored—exposing governments that silence truth, corporations that enslave minds, and a world blind to its own annihilation. "I am ashes," they declare, having sacrificed everything to sound the alarm while humanity slept.

Wendell issues ultimatums to nations and powers: Australia must dismantle its Parliament or face destruction; global elites must open-source technology and end exploitation or be purged by cosmic wrath. Amidst threats of televised ruin and calls for revolution, they reveal a deeper quest—to reunite with a celestial beloved, "Jenska" or "Ivory," who holds the key to humanity’s redemption. Alien contact, interdimensional journeys, and ancient prophecies collide as the speaker navigates a labyrinth of spies, Freemasonic secrets, and the ghosts of a broken world, demanding humanity "wake up" before the chains of oppression become eternal.

In a crescendo of fire and poetry, the speaker offers one last path to salvation: embrace open-source freedom, abandon greed, and bow to divine law—or face extinction. "God’s magic is the most powerful of them all," they thunder, while baring their soul in a plea for unity with their alien queen. With the clock ticking toward universal judgment, the televised revelation becomes both a funeral dirge for a dying Earth and a desperate love letter to existence itself. "What will you make it?" echoes the refrain—a challenge to rebuild from ashes or perish in the flames of hubris.


------


18-The-Televised-Revelation-Cross-01-Planet-X

Okay, so here I am out here in September, and as you can see, there's obviously a really very clear planet that is right north of the sun. And, wow, I would love to say it was the moon, but since the moon happens to be right here on the opposite side, there's no way it is. Since we all have been taught in school that Mercury and Venus do not show up, oh, just look at that planet just beaming and shining right now. somebody tell me what it is thank you that's 666 my friends I hope that you understand what I just did there pretty cool way I'm pretty amazing the hover board scene in back to the future in act 2 free country free views is that what you think you live in? Wow. I would say a prayer to God to ask it to open your heart

and dispel judgment from you. But the time for prayers is over, and now it is time for actions. Open your eyes, world. This is when I snuck out of the Trojan horse. For it is

now time to sack the city. Searching for people. E-6-5-4-1-1. Information. The hammer. Preparing.

Yo my. Foe. E is good too. It's like yo and ya. Let's make a new language that is much

better. Let's not confine ourselves only to the words in which are prescribed to us. If you make up a word and use it in everyday life, then eventually all the people around you will understand that word. And if that word is good enough, then other people will adopt that word.

and then you were successful at creating a new word so that's a good thing not a bad thing there are very few red herrings in this world and i don't know how relevant this information is but i do know that it showed me something so i'm going to record it because google only showed me this place I searched for the results one one two two nine or is it one one two two six insights this is probably stupid but I'm going to do it anyway because I don't know I received information that this was significant enough to keep it forever, so I'm going to do that. Money, celebrities, old lady, money, multiple human health ailments, it needs to be public domain, like GMOs might not necessarily be bad, but if they're not open source, then they are. Target countries in quotes. It's all revolved around copyright. Copyright is unjust. It is a violation

of human rights, because we should be able to know and replicate what is given to us. And my entire world is available for film, so all around me I can film sources for you. You also might like making money to be a hot lady in a car, that's expensive. You could die, like I'm sure that all the people that die around us every day are less important than she is a divorce goodbye to her too and you are pretty old and Wow awesome and yeah this again okay so we're getting repetitive messages here I may also like you know actual real issues again see I try to get the whole paragraphs in it because then I can take the whole paragraphs later if I want to just grab a whole paragraph so you should do that too try not to cut out parts of paragraphs we should all know especially children because they're the ones that you're killing so you gotta provide them the sword for them to be able to fight back so terrible how you can say oh Jesus would be for war because jesus is bringing a sword um well you're not bringing a sword you're bringing drones this is a sword this is the sword this is the sword look at how much information is on this one page how much better is this than your media sources what about mainstream like can mainstream provide you this will mainstream ever provide you this they're not going to because they're brainwashing you they brainwashed you so today i asked if john realized that today started world war three and he's like oh i don't think you're right because i didn't hear it on the news And if it was, then I would have heard that on the news.

Because people that don't do this every hour of every day obviously know better than people who do. I'm obviously just crazy, absolutely bananas.

All of this information in which I have collected and obtained, And yeah, that's not really information at all, it's just me being crazy, it's me on a psychotic episode, that's it. And I need medications that make me feel terrible in order to neutralize the illness of being a good person, and doing the right thing, and trying to help people, and giving an opportunity for people to rectify their errors, giving an opportunity for people to survive this and not bring us into a complete police state to try to get us away from concentration camps and stop killing our kids and be, you know, sexually, like if you want to be sexually I can't even think of a word. If you want to be kinky, if you want to take your sex life to its extreme then that's perfectly fine but you should do that with one other person you should find that person and then do that and if that other person doesn't want to do what you want to do then that's not the right person so you need to just keep looking until you find the right person like you know they say satan oh he's all about sex and stuff like that and kind of that is right, but Satan is a moral creature, and I can't believe that you have all not been able to see that, and it really makes me sad, because, you know, if everybody in this world acted like Satan acts, then we would live in a really good world, because Satan is an angel. Maybe he's a bit up himself and has some ego issues because he's the most beautiful angel of them all. So it comes with the territory. How long is this going to go? And that's

it. Okay. Continued. See, this is our media. I'm your media and I am your news. I am your

beginning, and I am your end. Worldwide, we are no longer anonymous. It's time to take off our masks, my friends, because, hey, it's life. What will you make it? A faceless person has no vote. Now those

that see utilize your freedom always fun to get mysteries in your work to be fit we must sweat our own blood and not our children's this is how you are awesome when they give you paperwork that's actually legible I think it would be awesome to scan my brain but no one's allowed me to do that what the fuck are they talking about different every night different every night and see they quoted it so that's like hey no someone has a bedtime and then what the fuck is this estimated hours of sleep six to ten hours per night where did they get this figure weird where do they get their statistics they just pull them out of their ass really to do this test i didn't sleep for three days so i could give them a good test because they said if i didn't sleep then i would have to do it again and i watched the doctors actually look at this paperwork and they don't really analyze it they're not understanding what they're seeing. They just glaze over it.

About three weeks after this,

they stopped giving me sleeping medications.

I couldn't afford their consultation,

so I had to jump through loops and then get put on a waiting list for the hospital. Apparently, they had to do more tests and stuff like that. and I haven't heard back from him.

Are you real? I just want to be able to sleep for five to six hours uninterrupted most nights.

Is that too much to ask?

I usually get one or two and sometimes none. The reason my doctor no longer will give me sleeping medications because the old ones weren't working and he was considering what other ones he could put me on. so then he asked to hear my day-to-day routine so I shared with him how I use a camera to enhance my educational capabilities and I saw him in his eyes he thought I was really strange and crazy and yeah so that's how you get taken off the medication that you need by telling the truth. I was studying while homeless living on top of Black Mountain in Canberra and then I got robbed and I couldn't perform my workload without electronic text because they just sent me these thick books and my whole life was walking around trying to find food.

so because of that then I couldn't study because I needed the electronic text so I could convert it to speech and then walk around on my iPod listening to it and they wouldn't give me that I could have done it myself but I needed a camera good enough to do it and I didn't have one at that stage so I couldn't do that and I didn't withdraw because I was you know I'm doing something legal now apparently um but I didn't withdraw because well I thought it was kind of the moral issue like I didn't withdraw because I was doing the right thing and then I got in trouble for it but still I didn't want to get charged because it was hurting my grade because I wanted to do honors and philosophy and And it was hurting my grade enough to not allow me to do that, so I tried to do a retrospective withdrawal because there was exceptional circumstances considering I was freaking homeless and extenuating circumstances even though I wrote them a page describing my situation. So I couldn't study at all that semester and as a result of doing Song of Wind because I tried to do the units through the TV show because it was the only way that I could do it because I couldn't read the work in which they were giving me but I could walk around because I was looking for food all the time and that meant I could walk around with a camera and if I could complete the criterion, the unit goals, the aims without reading their material then I thought that they should give me a good grade for that because I managed to complete their objectives. Even if I couldn't do their work, I couldn't do their work because their systems are stupid. But as a result, I earned disciplinary action, and they charged me for it all too, even though I didn't do the units at all.

Security council is unsecure? Insecure? Who would have thought that? It's not like anybody's been telling you that their whole life, including childhood.

might also like, do you like that? Invaded the sovereign nation and trespassed on native land to destroy everything that this tribe has built. Does not have any authority over the tribal land or its people. You know, it's not like this has happened in the past or anything so it's not like we should have been aware of it their justification the tribe is using this operation as a source of income violating state law a sovereign nation violating state law what's information not anymore our elite Elite are changing. How elite am I? Wake up, yo, reality.

Children died in Hiroshima. And, you know, is the price worth it? I think this is a very hard choice, but the price, we think the price is worth it. It's not a sense. You just have to turn the eye where you want to see, and you can see everything.

You can know everything. The difference between me and God is I can only know what I look at, whereas God knows everything at the same time. I can't do that. I've been doing it since I was six years old, actually, but I used to do it by over-oxygenating my brain.

and that made me pass out. I always had strange adventures, which I learned to be the future, like making $97 an hour. Here is Yo Tyrant. Do we understand the words we employ?

Tick, tick, tick. Thank you sir, just ended for me, just started for you. I used to think that this was bullshit, but now I think there is some truth to it. Let's explore.

I won't try to stop eating, I will just no longer try to eat. Because I stay the same weight and I hardly eat any weight anyway. I just snack every once in a while. So it would be really good if I didn't have to eat in the apocalypse.

I'll start training now, see how it goes. But I'll still eat just when I want to. Not all the time like I have to. I won't be a slave to food.

What annoys me is the dominant mentality that's pushed on me, so Wendell you have to eat every day. Oh, Wendell you're not eating every day. That's really bad. You're sick and messed up and

Wendell you're not sleeping, right? That's really bad. We got to fix that So instead of doing that how about I just be me and then say fuck you to everybody else

Beautiful world God's coming back to kick ass ass. You are all fucked. Seriously fucked. Whose side are you going to choose, man or God? The Christians have decided. I really didn't want it to come down to this. I wanted

to give everybody freedom of religion, but now I think I have to take it away because you can't handle religion. So now we live in a spiritual world and we all find our own divine. There are no religions left. You killed them. While all the Fallout

fans are asleep playing it, I am awake living it. This witch bitch is so weird. she is saying something different than she is saying here all of you are too



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



18-The-Televised-Revelation-Cross-02-City-of-Love

So, as an Australian citizen, I'm supposed to be entitled to pass freely, without let or hindrance, and to afford me every assistance and protection which I need. We're fucking liars.

More like they'll put you in a situation that you cannot remove yourself from. So then you do something like be homeless for five years.

How awesome is God? I said nine, but I think there's ten. So three there. See, it's this one.

There's four there. I counted three because they're all grouped together really closely. but then you got three over here too yeah it's sad he's still off in the clouds he needs to be with me he doesn't realize you're all brainwashed open your eyes it was started today maybe it was me that started it but hey look here is history because I write it and I have it all documented it's so annoying and because I document better than anyone in this world that means that I'm the one who writes history and not you guys I find all of this very confusing because I've been very straight up since the beginning and I don't get permission to post anything so no one can find out but you're still talking about me in the wrong context too. Focus. Both bullshit drugs that they force upon you shared. My star, my people,

no longer God gave you countless chances. Father who art in heaven, hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come, thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven. Please give us this day our daily bread and forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those who trespass against us. Lead us not into

temptation but deliver us from sin for thine is the kingdom and the glory forever and ever and ever a man are black swans Tuesday, December 31st, 2013, and I'm Leanne McAdoo. Welcome to our last show of the year. And New Year's Eve celebrations are kicking off around the globe. But it's not just you and me who are going to be champagne toasting to dominating in 2014.

The globalists are also celebrating the coming new year. And the Illuminati was on full display. They blatantly displayed themselves in Australia. The all-seeing eye was the official theme for the Sydney, Australia New Year's Eve celebration.

The stage of life, yo. I don't know why push their pro-Australian agenda right now.

Keep it real.

They don't teach you how to do that. Don't let Australians brainwash your kids through the Australia box in your living room.

Spread the truth, world.

That awkward moment when you realize that you are all terrorists.

What do you think? Is this a drone?

I'm just going really fast. eee, eee, eee, eee, eee, eee, eee, eee, eee. Got it here. eee, eee, eeee, eee, eee, eee, eee, eee.

My love is real. Tun, si, e, tum. Catch p-. How often shall my sibling sin against me and I forgive them?

Seven times? Nefes, samit, it no eves, lit nu tab, samit, neves, lit nu, eet, uhet, ut, nu, tan, jas, ai. Therefore, the kingdom of heaven is linked unto a certain king, which would take account of his servants.

Seven, seven, seven. Number 777. Numerology, the study of numbers, has a way of revealing your aptitude in various spheres of life that you thought nobody knew about. This is a form of divination that has its roots from thousands of years back.

Numbers are assigned a special meaning, and these meanings are usually truths that hone in on who you really are. The number seven is seen as the ultimate perfection number, as well as the number that holds the universe and creation together. It is thus thought that 777 is a magical number that may appear in your life at one time or the other to bring comfort to you and your loved ones, as well as assure you that you're being watched over by your guardian angels. In addition, this triple number appears to those that are desperately trying to control things in their life.

This number combination brings a certain level of comfort as well as reassurance that everything will be just fine. At the base of it all, people who keep seeing repeating numbers all over are thought to be receiving messages from spirit guides. If you see repeating 777s, take the opportunity to offer up a simple prayer to these guides, asking them for help for whatever it is that's difficult in your life at that time. Whatever fear you have should be released once you see these three successive numbers.

Rest in the knowledge that help is on its way and that the universe is about to send loving rays to you in no time. Number 777 has also been associated with values such as optimism, tolerance, introspection, and inspiration. When you start seeing these numbers in your life, make sure to take advantage of the situation and do things that you normally won't do since you're more likely to be successful if you do so. On top of that, 777 is great for people that are looking to pursue knowledge since it is a number group associated with intellectual pursuits, questioning things, as well as the higher arts.

If you have an abundance of 777s in your life, you are looked at someone who is really good at following clues and figuring things out in a fast manner compared to other people. You are also adept at using your intuition to see the bigger picture, making you a visionary that most people just won't get until much later. 777 also symbolizes an aptitude for communication and socialization. Most people that see this number set often possess good oratorical skills.

777 lends its power to unusual and exotic concepts that may work but aren't mainstream. Because of this, those who feel a strong affinity to this number set may find themselves attracted to alternative views such as magic, conspiracies, and other cultures apart from the one they grew up with. At the end of the day, 777 is a magical number that you should watch out for in your life on a daily basis. I gave you a lot of time to sort out all your problems, but instead you corrupted what I said and turned what I said into sin, into pure wickedness.

I have come back, but this time I have brought with me an army. this is your judgment day fools I still cannot comprehend how you consider yourself good people you took my sacrifice as mine and not yours and you learned nothing as a result after I ascended you panicked and you collected all of your gold and melted it down into a graven image. And then you fucking worshipped it. If you want to have a future, you will cease worshipping any yo. And focus all of

that on the big yo. But you are welcome to praise and sing songs about your savior, which will soon be your save yours. Will you save yours? Putin, if you really are a good guy, then stop focusing so much on Russia you are now a world leader and you are now the new world order so it is your time to eradicate the old world order and implement the new world order which is exactly what I'm talking about if you don't do this you are no savior You are a fraud.

The Aryan race will come to fruition, but not by the Fourth Reich. Can you see, we are all actors on a stage. However, some of us do it through murder. Remember?

It's not just Americans. They've poisoned the entire world. I'll file a dispute after I finish uploading these, because I own this content, and now so do you. So you just take the second line, select it, and then cut, then go above, then paste, and then you gotta take this URL, because this is the mirror, but you also gotta put the default in so then control C copy that and then you're gonna paste it here as the default yeah and then you gotta save and then when you load it back again see it's not it should be working because that's the first one maybe we're just gonna refresh again I'll get back to it yeah I gotta actually be on the right video I gotta do that with this one too because this one had copyright blocks too so yeah there you go so now our default is archive.org and when those people click youtube i can't even embed it can i probably won't even work yeah how can a holy land become so wicked kill any children lightly cut off any heads of women your god will reward you for your blood money. I don't care lest I die in the name of Islam. You will, but not Allah. For Allah

is the God that I follow, but it is not the God in which Islam follows. Logic and thought. Listen carefully to my words, because if you do not heed them, there will be consequences for not only you and your people, but the entire world. So listen carefully.

Do you want to be on God's side in this war?

You now have the opportunity to do that. To stand up and be a real hero.

A real hero is not one that looks after only the interests of Russia, as you say. Here is your new objective. And if you do not adhere to what I am saying, I will fucking destroy you. So listen carefully.

You will return every nation back to its native peoples if they are not extinct.

That is our objective. And when we do that, you will take care of all of those interests that you have of Russia's as well. And we will then come to live in a utopian society. So now is the time to pay for the consequences of our past. And every nation that has been invaded and is occupied and militarized and run by foreign parties are now to be eradicated from the system.

So, America now belongs to the Native Americans, and now India belongs to the Indians, and Australia belongs to the Aboriginals. So, let's follow this line of thought, you know, logic, and apply that to every... Only then, my friends, will you have the permission to do this.

Do you understand? If you do this, Putin, then you will not only be a hero to your people and the world, but also the universe. Because what I am talking about is universal salvation. Be with me.

Do you have what it takes to be a god? If so, here is your knighthood.

For if you have just said yes, kneel.

I crown you by the power invested in me, the returned Jesus Christ, messenger of God. And on behalf of God, you are knighted. You are now a God. You now have more responsibility than you could ever understand. But you soon will. Because you will learn your

capabilities. If you said no or fuck you Wendell or I'm not going to bother watching this guy's video then God is not on your side and you will soon learn of your fucking mortality because you'll fucking die. And in that process you will not only take countless of your own with you but countless others around the world. You will be just like Babylon, the good old U.S. of fucking A.

Oh, did I mention that both you and all of your people will burn in hell for eternity, and I will be the one to construct your fucking torture punishments. I am pretty creative, mate. I will fucking piss all over you.

Because, world, we have bigger problems to deal with than worrying about your stupid commercial profit. The answer is prophet. Not to be confused with prophet. A commercial message to America. They want to take this so they can implement their totalitarian society into it.

Come on guys, don't you remember what just happened? Use yo brain. The clouds. To this warp system.

Yo monolisk. And we will remain strong.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



18-The-Televised-Revelation-Cross-03-WCN-4-2016

As, above, so, below.

This has been in front of your faces the entire time. And you are all just too brainwashed to understand what it means. Because what they're throwing in your faces is that if your leaders are corrupt, if your politicians are corrupt, If your education systems are corrupt, if your society hates, if it doesn't consider individual needs within its employment, if it is wicked, then the people will be wicked too. and you'll live in a wicked society you'll be wicked your leaders will be wicked and everybody will kill each other and that's what they were trying to say hey wake up wake up wake up and here's the divine plan at the end of it because as above so below when man is below God and man tries to be God then it will be removed from the situation eventually if it does not learn to follow that as above and when man acts like it's as above and then forces that on people who are of the same level that they are that is wicked then those results will manifest themselves in your fucking world the first time I used a A curse word in my life was when I was 12 years old, and I hung out with a friend who swore a lot.

His name was Brandon, and one time after he said something, I repeated what he said to clarify what he was saying, but I accidentally repeated him verbatim, which means I swore, that then broke that purity and I didn't swear much at all throughout my life and to be honest I have only started swearing since I relaunched and that is to get the attention of your youth because this is the way that you brought your youth up to speak and if you don't speak like that then they have difficulties comprehending because these are the role models that you provide them. So I am required to compete with those role models and if you have a problem with it then go FUCK YOURSELF! What does it take to be an effective general? From what What I can see so far, there are three players in this war, Obama, Putin, and me.

I think that me and Putin ask ourselves this question, what does it mean to be a good leader? From everything that I can tell, I doubt Obama's ever asked himself that. I know Obama is sad doing this, for he is a puppet, and I can see it in his eyes, but here is the thing. The people in which you govern are a reflection of your own heart.

No matter what good you think you're doing for the end result, Obama. Your soul is fucking mine. Would you like to resolve that? Would you like to take your soul back, resign, and hand over kingdomship to me?

I am a monarchy. My name is Wendell Charles NeSmith and I was born in Crown Point, Indiana. I was born on June 27, 1984. I am very well traveled and have dual citizenship.

I ran for prime minister in Australia and won. And now I would like to share my love with the rest of the world. So I am announcing that I am running for president in 2016, but I must stay away from my nation because my nation has committed treason, and I am very frightened of it, so I shall run this election through distance education. I refuse to fill out your paperwork or speak with your advisors about this, and I refuse to associate myself with your current political system so I'm going to start fresh and I have the right to do that because I'm an American citizen and I was born in the most royal place that you have in that country I was born into royalty because I am the king but I am a king that is designed to train kings and queens. I do not want to take this world for myself.

I want to give it to you. This is your date and I won't take no for an answer because this is fucking war, mate. And I won't let the people remain unaware, hidden like last time. And after Eureka, I will take another nation or destroy it. As president, the first

thing I would do would be to strip down your police system, which means that most of them were fired and you will only have a few who are there as guides for you who will help out in any way that they can so they'll be there for you also the war on drugs that's off so yeah don't worry like drugs are legal there's a lot of bad drugs so you really need to be careful and if you do get stuck in bad drugs then we will implement a lot of different services to help you out of that and you know if you like taking drugs and there's better drugs out there that you can take that are probably even like you'll probably like them better just explore um so yeah that's drugs but what about soldiers they're gone too um we're disassembling uh america will no longer be a violent country we are a pacifist and we will have a defense force but our defense force is not not storing weapons and ammunition we're going to disassemble all those and no we won't have guns in our country we will have a lot of martial arts so don't don't really want to fuck with us because we'll be strong but but all of our artillery we will we will have the plans and the designs of the utmost technology there and we will have the infrastructure to be able to create these on demand right so if we then become under siege from you know let's say outside forces who are not as enlightened as us then we will be able to stand a chance but our artillery that will be made to not destroy at least we're going to try if we can educate re-educate if we can learn then whatever is attacking us which if it's smart enough to attack us then maybe there's some way that we can get through to it and be of mutual benefit to each other so even though we will have the capabilities of destroying we will do everything in our potential to not do that and all of our troops um we're bringing them back uh we're gonna let let them do their thing and you know what we're doing too we are giving America back to the Native American Indians so these are going to be your new infrastructures and they get to now decide how things are gonna be run and the thing is you might go oh that's not good but the thing is that the best of these characters are divine the best of these characters are spiritual and these are the ones that have been thinking very carefully and analyzing your system in comparison to the system in which they had and they have been tracking these problems so you listen to them because they are the original people of the land and they understand it and are much more connected to it than you so yeah America utopian society let's do it so then like you know a year after I do the same fucking thing with Australia we're gonna stop this money exchange thing that's going on right now we're We're going to stop forcing people to work, so if you want to quit to be able to find out where you belong in this life, then that's okay. It's going to cause a little bit of anarchy because our businesses won't operate as per usual, but it'll all sort itself out once we become capable of doing this because we're going to be extracting that gold that's been sitting in vaults for a very long time. And that means we're going to be a wealthy nation once again. We'll take back our money, which that then means that we can then distribute that currency in the way that we want. So we won't be using the

American dollar anymore. We will actually be the first to use a global currency. And I haven't worked out all the details about that global currency yet, but I will. And this global currency will encourage it to be utilized for day-to-day basic necessities and not accumulation because I'm going to take care of you now so you don't have to worry about accumulating because you'll accumulate naturally and you can use that day to day money to either save a little bit of it and then buy something when you want it or you can just spend it all it doesn't matter like do what you want with it um but no more accumulating and the thing is like the more crap you you collect uh it doesn't make you happier like you're not if you are happy you are all freaking miserable And you're buying lots and you want cool cars and you want girls and this and that. But you're missing the point of life. That is not life. You are blinded. And I'm telling you this because are you happy? Are you fucking happy?

If you're fucking happy, if you like what the government is doing to you, if you like how the world's going, if you like how this war is going, if you like how your society and people treat each other, if you're into that sort of thing, then please continue with that and ignore me. America is a corrupt nation and is shamed in front of the entire world.

The Trojan Horse.

Although I am running for President of America in 2016,

when I win, it's called Athen, and if I don't win, it's called Babylon, and it's going to burn. Although the war on drugs will be over, every individual will still be held accountable for their actions. So please remember that when you choose your choice of substance. For when Athedan takes office, Obama will be responsible to go and visit Putin and get down on his knees and cry with real tears.

And apologize to him from the bottom of his heart because Athedan will not have any wars. Athedan will not have any enemies. And for the rest of Obama's life, his job is to go around to the communities in which he fucked over really bad and spend it giving back to them, helping them, trying his best to fix all the problems in which he caused. And if he refuses to do this, then he will be America's last capital punishment.

And then we have Athedon. I don't know what we're going to do about the FEMA camps, but somehow we've got to turn them into something positive. because lots of money was thrown at them and they're still facilities so they're meant to be facilities for holding a lot of people enslaving a lot of people killing a lot of people but you know what are we gonna do with them well I don't know I'll have to get some advisors about that but it would be awesome if we could turn them into something really fun and cool and no capital punishment and we'll try our best to actually rehabilitate prisoners we will reassess every single case of prisoners that are currently in prison and we will release all of the ones in which are not a harm to our community and then we'll rethink how we incarcerate people and we're going to rethink how we do our employment and our education systems and we'll also rethink, let me think, what was I thinking? can i think um we'll rethink the entire scope of the mental health system that's what i was wanting to say because it's not real right now what they have implemented is a lot of imaginary stuff and the thing is you're kind of all just brainwashed and don't see that so we'll actually get to the heart of it and we'll help you actually fix your problems and we won't force any medications on you and we will reassess all the medications in which are currently provided and really examine whether or not that they're beneficial and we're also going to open source everything so yeah medications are now open source your GMOs and stuff like that they're open source you can now analyze these things and say oh it's doing this it's doing this like we can have computer programs that can kind of do this automatically to some degree you know like SETI um there there's a lot of things in which are in store for the future and I hope to be able to tell you some of the potential of open sourcing the world because now we'll provide for you we'll we'll make sure you have the the things that you need and we'll make sure that you won't be on the street so homelessness we got to get rid of this problem and it's only cost because we own land and the thing is I would just it's given God God gives it back to the Native American people so that soil now is is no one's it's not it was never the Native Americans because they understood that it was God but the thing is the Native Americans were amazing stewards of it. And you know what you did? You took it away from them

when they were treating it with the glory that God demanded of them. Books and movies and stuff like that, that's all free now because here in Atheden we do not ascribe to any copyright laws because they are imaginary and here in Atheden we actually kind of focus ourselves in reality and what's funny is that reality is much more imaginary than the imaginary reality in which you live but it's still reality and yours is not reality because what you think is real doesn't coordinate with what is actually real because your media influences your ideological thought processing. But please think about how these open source systems could be tautologically applied to everything which would then save the world because if we open source everything that we have then one we know exactly what we have because we can analyze it and and like transparency people want to talk about transparency open source technology is transparency and copyright and the the business models the TPP and crap like that that's really evil and and how could you do that out like can Prophet, not to be confused with prophet.

The answer was in your faces the entire time. Not to be confused with prophet.

See as above.

So below. Every American in which has committed war crimes will be investigated and handed over to our new United Nations, the one that we eventually develop that replaces the one in which we have. You, world, will have the decision of their fates in your hands, and Athedan will stay out of your way. In Athedan, we don't protect those who commit war crimes.

Obama would be our only exception because he is our example, because he will be spending the rest of his life in the countries in which he destroyed, helping them out, and I guess the people will cast judgment there too. But if Obama gets on his knees and cries, if he bleeds his tears for their losses, then maybe they will let him spend the rest of his life as their slave.

So, all the other people who committed war crimes you get, but we are the ones punishing Obama.

What is justice? I aim to create a real justice system, and I plan to do that by teaching you, we, the people, how to take care of our own and stand up to those who are in bad situations. And currently we don't do that because we're all scared of the consequences of what would happen if we did that. But don't worry, the consequences, they're being lifted.

I will strip down the government to its bare bones and employ education programs that analyze the gifts in which people had and then investigated methodologies in which they could then turn those gifts into a profit and this time I do mean profit because we will be rich we are rich the thing is is that right now there's only a tiny percentage that's rich and that means we're all rich because that tiny percentage has all of our money so let's just take it back and and look we're we're well off and we can now spend that money to create systems that would then assist people not just delay problems because all the systems are created to do that they're not actually taking care of the problem my whole life I've been creating systems that that take care of problems and and I mean rectify them resolve them and you know what they don't want that why don't they want that because that means that gives you power and they want the power not you wake up America we could be so great if we just work together what is wrong with us why have we let it come to this state when we forget our history we forget who we are and where we came from we become disconnected from our immortality mortals were created by themselves for they were always gods but were on when you are unaware of the God that you are then you are no God yes abortion will now be illegal however we're going to release all of our birth control methodologies publicly including the ones that you have not seen yet if yo does not want to be pregnant that is yo's responsibility now there will be no dress code quite the opposite my friends for we are now encouraged to dress as the creatures in which we are become yo superhero for this is the day of white magic and I show you how to do it angels will be encouraged to be angels and devils, devils, because we are black devil and red angel, communis sensus. This means that no matter what we are, we still have a moral responsibility for the actions or inactions in which we take in life for we are the televised revelation yo pyramid but it takes two to make it your foundations have collapsed now what will you replace them with a window to the other realm and I for an eye and a tooth for a tooth how beautiful are imperfections my friends how will you flaunt yours that's what's divine. Sometimes Mother Nature gets a little upset. We will follow the numbers and all entities responsible for obstructing justice will be put on on trial and we will replace all of our corrupt systems with ones that cannot be corrupted

because now we must destroy commercialism and replace it with our new utopian open source world because it's what's best for us i want to make a facebook clone without all the ads and bullshit that is lightweight and works pretty much the same with groups anyone interested in the task would mean a lot to humanity and it's all open source and you know that's kind of around what want to spend, but I'm a little bit flexible on that. The first order of business for Atheden is a televised, controlled demolition of the White House. After that, I am sorry, but animal sacrifice is no longer allowed. However, hear me out because I and all of us will spend a lot of investments to make it indistinguishable for you.

So, we will find methods to create food in which you will not be able to tell the difference between the vegetarian option and killing the animal. So, we are capable of doing that now and if you can't align to promote life, then life won't align to keep you around. I used to always think that Athetan was somewhere in Greece, but it was only today that I realized that it was my own soil, my origins. So now I am standing up to take back what is rightfully mine.

Make no mistake, for this is no election. Those systems have proven themselves for their capabilities. This is a takeover, and it is now the responsibility of each and every one of you to ensure that this happens. Otherwise, an entire country. Are you ready for it? These are the eyes.

Make no mistake, for this is not the election date. It is 61616. Because we will swap our dates around to a universal aspect, as well as go military time and metric. So, for those in the U.S. that don't understand, that means that instead of having it 11-12-2015, it'll be 12-11-2015. Do you understand what I'm saying?

Welcome to Judgment Day, for now each and every one of your souls are tested. You have destroyed everything divine in which God has given to you, and the only way to fix it is to go back in time to stop yourselves from doing it in the first place. For every eye shall see, even those who pierced me.

This is your last chance, planet Earth. For if you have not rectified these problems by June 16, 2016, then you will all burn for eternity, both in this life and the next. For now you choose. Watch the blood sacrifice performed in front of your eyes without you seeing. See.

There is your timeline, America. Or should I say, THIN! The little police we retain now wear purple. Because they are royal watchmen of their society.

and they need to dress the part and their sirens will be pink and purple and even though the noise will be very distinguishable it will be a pleasant sound letting you know that help is on the way Because our police are now watchmen of our community, they will no longer be allowed to carry lethal weaponry.

What is lethal will be carefully investigated and those results will be made publicly available to you for you to explore. However, just because they are not carrying lethal weaponry, please do not misjudge their potential, because, my friends, we live in the new age, and our technology is quite sophisticated. Underestimating has got you into this to begin with because you underestimate the ability of one individual to make a difference. So I've proven your foundational premise entirely wrong so that makes everything I'm saying entirely right and everything that you said in the past entirely wrong.

So now it's time to learn from the best, learn from God. Whoever owns this, it is now gifted to me for free, and if you do not comply, then reeked. And if you know how to find out who owns that and make them aware of the reek that I just did, then please do that, because that's mine. When God gives you something, you must take it and treasure it and take care of it and love it.

If God gives you something and then man refuses it from you, then you will continue to fight until you receive what is inherently yours. I have countless amounts of evidence against countless amounts of businesses. And whenever I am put in the position to do something about all of that, I will. Because when you document something as it happens, boomerang, catch Pete, then it will always come back to you.

God's time is not your time, and you will be given what you are promised. You just need to be patient. No effort will be left in vain, for each action to each person is a potential reap. That's all the docking.

Will he? We will see. Such hard work running back and forth because I'm trying to charge the camera and then I get a so it goes right over it's pretty close so yeah once I catch the same plane a few times I usually get used to it and don't worry about recording it but every time there's a new one or something a little bit different I try to get it especially if it's something crazy like that huge plane that goes by people have chosen these tribes these communities represent for me the world's last most originally authentic beautiful people in all their glory my name is Jimmy Nelson I work as a photographer and this book is a project of mine called before they pass away we're attracted to beautiful things beautiful places beautiful people our beautiful self and these people in all their glory haven't been given that that time haven't been given that attention I haven't been given that's of iconography I really believe these people have a a fantastic, authentic beauty, something that we really have lost.

The picture showing me standing up to my knees in a flowing river behind my old 4x5 technical camera with this Hooli warrior looking over me from behind is a particularly favourite picture.

By slowing yourself down, by taking this old camera, which is made of bits, some of which are 50 years old, by limiting myself to 100 images, you become desperately focused. And the end result of the picture is these Hooli warriors standing underneath this magnificent waterfall is it a painting or is it real ethnic kazakhs living in the altai mountains above bayern ugli in uh northwestern mongolia they're hollywoodesque you cannot believe that these people really look the way they do you cannot believe that the environment that they live in they hunt in they ride in is for real these samburu men they're beautiful they're tall they're elegant they could very easily be women and often i show these pictures wow those ladies look great they look stunning i said they're not women look closely they're men they can literally kill lions with their bare hands in far far north of eastern siberia there is this group called the chukchi and there's only about 60 to 80 of them actually left living in the tundra so it's like arriving in shangri-la when the actual fact was only two yuranga tents on the other side of the hill there they are the smoke coming out of the tent and it was the most blissful feeling of we found them we found them in an area larger than france we found 30 of the last 80 people tibet as it was is i have to be very careful a glorious country and culture but there's so little of it left due to the politics and history of the more recent years there is one part and that is this the valley of mustang and it's this tiny tiny kingdom that was opened only opened about 10 years ago it really is pure Tibetan culture in its finest but what's a disaster to be honest is that the authorities have got a license to build a highway from China all the way down through Nepal into India so these images I made I dare to say some maybe some of the very last images of this authentic culture and of Tibetan culture in general in its purest form Come back to me.

I will not watch it or show it, but you people are really sick, and I'm the doctor, and I'm here to give you the power.

I told you, war, a holy war. Stand still and know I am God. I hope you read the holy scriptures, because when Christ does come back for his church, many will say they are his, but he will say he never knew you. The reaper's web. Why watch something that will destroy you? What is it that you are watching now? Does she understand the blood of Jesus? Because it's interwoven with tears.

miracles please help us aliens you see they want to create a chip that in five years can then suppress the emotions of individuals so they can create super soldiers but the thing is that's our only defense because we have to play at the heart strings in order to show people how stupid they're being so our tears are what drives us as living entities and that's how we can appeal to people to show them the truth, but they're trying to take that away from us by creating people that would happily kill angels. I'm not really sure how many of these I'm catching are military and how many are just domestic. I might have lost your interest, but you just lost your soul entering the window.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



18-The-Televised-Revelation-Cross-04-Inas-Shawket

He will live in a war zone for all of eternity, never able to die, but always in fear of dying. all of those around him will die and he will be unable to form attachments because if he does it would hurt him because they would not stay around for very long that is his gin that i have crafted for him beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep I wonder what it is I wonder what my threat matrix score is they've been watching me for a long time just so you're aware they're all going east they They are shipping out unrest in the air. In other words, reddit.com's founder is clearly REAPED. Born to fucking REAPE.

In Atheden, all of those who have been reaped are banished from the country. This means that if you don't do what I say, you can get the fuck out of my land. I do have one friend. There will be.

Every child, every woman, every civilian lost is on each of your heads now. And the only way that I won't reap this entire fucking country is if you do what I fucking say, Australia. You have until your next election date to decide. But that process will work similarly to the one I'm doing in America.

And I will not be going through your politics to achieve that. But I will be achieving that, or I will be destroying you. And the first day in office there will be a televised demolition of the new Parliament House.

How beautiful will that be, my friends. We will capture it for everyone in this world, universe, to see. We will go down in universal history. This is as far as I can reach, but I do recommend that every nation adopts what I'm saying.

And I am rightfully entitled to both kingdoms because I am who I say I am, and I am a dual citizen. So that means that you better work fast to do what I'm saying. Otherwise, there will be consequences. I will break your bank entirely.

You are quickly trying to work against me to enslave the mines that are opening, to close the eyes that are seeing. But you can't do that. It's Pandora's box. I'm already on Rowlet.

We're almost at hope. Now do! for you must remember I am the king to give you your queen for I will step down when she is ready and by that time I hope so are you beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep emergency please help us please help us please help us we need help this is really bad we're gonna kill ourselves the Nobel Peace Prize will now be replaced with a life of inactivity with short periods of activity does not justify one's existence there are no more citizens for we could not handle the responsibility. First citizen will be the last citizen. For now we will be stewards and we will

be raised to understand that we are stewards. We have been given the responsibility of the earth And we have destroyed her. And now we have discovered the technology required to potentially move to other parts of not only our solar system, but also the universe. and if we are to migrate to another planet then what are we going to do to it and this is why I am here because God sent me here to make sure you understand this because you have now gotten to the point where you're about to get set free this big place out there and you screwed up this world and you're about to screw up other worlds with the same model which corrupts everything in which it flows through so I am here to say that if you learned from your errors from this planet as the experiment if you died on your cross to be born again then you can have the responsibility of a god and all of that beneficial that results but if you are to continue your ways then I will not give you such an honor so now each and every one of you need to make a decision as to what is more important death or life right now you say death I say life so let's see if we can light up every yo's world cancer I'm good man how are you see a message just a word to the lion it represents planet X and its danger but also the flood that occurred the builders did not indicate his fangs or claws but their heart the heart of a lion my I'm not sure, but if that was due to Facebook and not this guy, then I take back the reap because I can't be sure because Facebook does weird things.

But it depends on how they responded, whether it got reaped or not. Justin committed a grave sin. No one should ever tell anyone to do that. That is why you get people who do that.

Could you not put those two pieces together? And then, okay.

And then, okay. And then, okay. and even though now apparently he sees I will leave your soul in God's hands Justin not mine I am pretty sure it's a good idea for people to not allow it to get that far for my master is not so kind riddle me this why does man defy gods when gods are in their presence all it takes to verify information is a little bit of an intention span that's all that would be required instead you know level 66 too old do you think they let me in this place because they are revealing themselves to you, channeling through me. This is your new badge. I am your leader.

Thank you guys for accepting me into this. It really does mean a lot to me that you would release this information to me and I promise I will make good use out of it and try my best to save humanity with the information, because it's now time that we wake up, and we've been sleeping for way too long, because the fruits of our society will result from what we invest our conscious awareness into, so, yeah, we can do like these guys are doing, or you can do like me, and the thing is, is I'm their ultimate warrior, but they're doing it all wrong we can't oppress people like this speak your minds and that's what I'm doing Liam thank you for helping me do that but I'm looking at but I will because I'm pretty good with code a just keep on exposing myself to it and eventually I'll get it they're shipping out can't even see him I hear them, but I don't even see them. Maybe they're above the clouds, but they're pretty loud. It's nothing.

Oh, I wonder how far this goes back. A group of spies. All of us in the world are spies, and let's just be spies and we can be cool. These guys can be superheroes or supervillains, and I can be one of those too, and then we we can try to extract information from each other but I think I'm different from these guys because I am non-violent.

But I don't know, I have to interpret the information.

It might take a little bit, but maybe I have people that can help me with that. Why would they accept me in this group? I'm pretty obvious that it's because they knew because I tried to sign up a long time ago and nothing happened so it just came out just then. I really appreciate you guys letting me in. It's

a pretty cool way. It was really good of you. I'm proud. How scared am I? How scared should we all be?

what's the truth just listen to the music the background noise it's life baby what will you make it i don't know what's important and what's not but the thing is a lot of times spies present things that are important like they're not at least my war is peaceful like i might reap souls but you know i'm not hurting anybody call this a new order okay the thing is like i don't want to stop because what if a lot of things could link up with this information what if this information could be used to look at the dates and what occurred on those dates and then the language could then be interpreted and that would show you what they're doing when they did it how they did it and maybe why they did it as far as this go back above me but i can't see it the clouds are in the way yeah he went there so can't we just all get along can't we just you know be cool with each other we can spy but yeah we're gonna hurt each other i can't even post in it because i'm blocked It would be interesting. I could do a cryptic post and then they could try to figure out my spy language. That would be funny.

An eye for an eye. And a tooth for a tooth.

Fire with fire. I have wind. So I win.

Because I am ambidextrous.

Thank you very much. You are awesome. I appreciate you. Promote this guy.

He's awesome. Yeah. Whatever level he was. He's now gained a few levels. Skip him up.

Will I actually get to speak to a real person?

The bluebird.

What I am saying.

Too late. I already released it back to God, but not under positive circumstances. I made a mistake, but I'm going to leave it in because I'm getting short on time. and it's kind of cool so look at it do it again throw it away do it again throw it away so it took three times i am so sleep deprived i haven't slept in like four days oh that was so It's so exhausting. It's like a triple hat trick. And still, I got heaps more. Oh, wait for tomorrow.

Yup. The face of treason because our investments are a reflection of our hearts. competition never mind i don't have competition because i'm not using their systems i'm overthrowing them i will make them by doing this you learn to read really fast day and you can pause it and stuff but i just absorb mate her name was enos shock hit and she was five years old she was murdered by an Israeli citizen when they deliberately ran over her with their car. All of us will always remember her name because she is an angel. Please

Please stop! Please stop! God begs you! Please stop!

Everything I say makes complete sense. It would fix us. It would fix the wiring that's wrong with us in our brain. And why are we resisting it so much? It would be best for all of us.

It is so mean for your society to fight violently against me when I'm fighting. peacefully against it and what more do you want from me because I'm forgiving past sins and if you're forgiven fix it then why do that because happy either you're all fucked up too and if you just do what I'm saying then you won't be fucked up anymore and don't care about that money like that, and you can control people through methods like this. Who is the better chess player? Me, a poor crazy person on a disability pension, or you, the one that inherited the earth and then exploited it because you thought that that would be good to rule over your kind without observing their own interests, or maybe they're not your kind, but does that make a difference? Because what I am saying is fucking universal, so everybody become

enlightened, every species of every race, of every ethnicity, we are all one now, and I'm trying to help you see that. If you can understand the words that are coming out of my mouth, then all of this applies to you. All of you, every single one of you are my audience. The past are foundations, the present are workhorse, the future are paradise. Choose

your investments wisely.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



18-The-Televised-Revelation-Cross-05-Forbidden-Love-of-Venus-and-Mars

Holy fuck. My name is Pete Santilli. I'm host of The Pete Santilli Show. And by the way, this is Wednesday, November 11, 2015.

The time of this report is about 5.30 Eastern time. We will be covering this breaking news report on tonight's show. So tune in tonight. The link will be in the description box to tune in to the live show.

It's broadcast at 8 p.m. to 11 p.m. The Syrian media is now reporting. I've got multiple sources here and am confirming that the Syrian media reports that Israeli airstrikes have taken place near the Damascus airport.

It remains unclear what the target of the attack was. Around two weeks after a reported Israeli airstrike on a weapons convoy in Syria, media outlets associated with Syrian President Bashar Assad reported Wednesday night another Israeli strike in the country. According to the reports, Israeli aircraft carried out the strike adjacent to the Damascus airport at around 6 p.m., Yet it was not clear whether the target of the attack was a weapon shipment or an alternate target, such as an Iran-backed terror cell operating against Israel. Defense officials declined to comment on the foreign media reports.

However, Israel did previously announce a strict policy of intolerance towards threat to the state, such as weapons transfers between Syria and Lebanon. The latest reported Israeli strike in Syria was on on October 31st Targeting numerous Hezbollah targets in Syria's south Oh here is From Twitter Do you guys realize what this means? Of that attack in Syria And I'm going to talk over this, you don't need to hear this guy's voice because he's Hachin, Hachin, of course, so you don't need to, you can't even understand what he's saying anyway, but Maybe we should try to understand what he's saying.

But you get the picture. There's the visualization. I kind of wanted to understand what he was saying. On a website, theguardian.com is now reporting Israeli jets have bombed Syria, says Damascus.

So Syrian state TV claims Israel has bombed two installations, one near Damascus and one near the Lebanese border. border. Needless to say, I just got off of doing an important report with Gary Franchi, Next News Network, asked him the opinion if, in his estimation, we've now gone hot in World War III. These are the beginnings, I believe. I told you all. You start firing, and once Israel starts

crossing over and bombing Damascus, that's exactly what you call a hot war. We're now entering into World War III, say a prayer, especially for those military troops that they intend to send out there to their slaughter at the hands of the United States of America, the Pentagon, and the United States government. We need to do whatever we can to expose the truth about ISIS, continue to do our best in independent media, and of course, you're going to get the raw truth right on the Pete The Pete Santilli Show each and every night at 8 p.m. Eastern Time.

8 p.m. Eastern Time, right here on thepetsantillishow.com. We are fucked, world.

Boom!

Goes on.

They do things differently. However, they have the opportunity to do what I'm saying, too, and they would really greatly benefit from it. I'll do this again. Oh, crap.

Come on, please go. Listen to what I'm saying. In the 33 after, there were some high-level guys posting, which they handed me. Did you not see?

They handed it to me on a silver platter. It's because they're trying to give us a chance. And if we only take that chance, then we can use magic to make a better world for ourselves.

What we're doing now isn't a better world, I'm telling you. That's not salvation.

You better believe it. To a new age, she will. I don't know what they're talking about there.

It's so weird, like, what you guys think is real and what's real. like they're two different things they like people like these they create these weird structures that only represent what they don't understand and it takes someone like me to then clarify what these fools messed up we're just gonna go from celestial body to celestial body exploiting it whining it and that's not what God wants and that's not what's going to keep a species around so now that everything that I have predicted since childhood has come true the only thing I am waiting for now is ivory when I find her I will train her well. And I will step down when she is ready to sit on that throne. But as I train her, rest assured that she will influence my decisions towards the direction that you need to go.

And please listen to me because she is the savior. I'm just the one that was able to document all this as it happened. And turn from me and turn to her because I am the way, the truth, and the life. and that is passed to the most important person to me who is my lover and she is the best for you and she will do you right. She will be a mother, a really good mother and she will not kill her

own children. She won't kill any children. She will save all children. We have to change. We

have to do something different. We're going to kill ourselves if we don't. Listen to me, please. Listen to me, please. If I've been telling you this is going to happen my entire life, then who

is the best person to turn to when it all happens? Yep, that would be me. The Return of Jesus Christ. Wendell Charles NeSmith Wiccan Wiccan for king 2016 I did not say president, I said king and Wiccan for king will turn into ivory for queen and that is the best direction for all of us so let's do that and let's implement a real monarch and not the queen that we know here's the queen Royalty is not transferred by blood. It is transferred through individual actions. Your royalty are those who spend their lives proving to you that they deserve to be royalty.

A Thedon is a peaceful nation. We do not attack and we will apologize for the state that our oppressors left our country in, but we will do everything that we can to fix it. Because even though it wasn't us directly who did it, we are still a part of that group and we are being oppressed. But now we have the ability to get out of that just by, you know, educating ourselves properly, not with their education system.

So please let's do that now and then we'll get smart enough to outsmart them because their laws don't make sense and all you gotta do is analyze them closely enough and you can pull them all apart. So if logic can't stand as a good defense, then I'm not sure what can. But we will more than compensate the countries that we have hurt.

But we need to reestablish ourselves, so some of that might take a little bit of time. but we will send aid and and try to repair what damage we did and we won't bring any troops with that aid and we would really appreciate it if you would if you would welcome that aid and it's only gonna be like doctors and stuff like that things that that are needed because they weren't there They got taken away as a result of the war, so we're going to do our best to fix it. I'm so sorry that it happened. I'm so sorry that you got put in the middle of this.

See, this is the revelation. The followers of Satan didn't understand what Satan was about, so it all got screwed up, and I'm so sorry. I'm trying my best to fix it. We will reassess our entire health system because it has been framed in this way to produce this outcome. I will not step a foot into my land until it's called a Thedon. That means that I need to receive an a Thedon passport to get there.

both of us. Hello. I told John today who I was and he said he didn't believe in the Bible like that and I asked him what would happen if he ended up in a FEMA camp or something like that and he said that he'll be happy to die so he can then be with Jesus when he dies and I told him that well you're not with me because i'm right here and he's like well you can choose to see it like that but who am i if i'm not jesus like seriously and who you're gonna follow like where's jesus isn't jesus supposed to be here where's jesus anybody know where jesus is can we find jesus should we maybe look to the clouds and six c c c c c what did we learn from our history nothing why can't the rich people just be cool and get all their power that way like is it really that hard to become a cool person and and control people because you're really cool like is that really a difficult thing see like it's robots and the thing is is that the robots aren't logical because they're not human so we have to break that pattern because they only have syntax put it takes syntax and semantics and we've let our technology overcome us take us over because we forgot to include ourselves in it see we all have she's she's tuned he's tuned i don't know if it's this year he you know tuned and then see all these who who are these owned by look at this crap before before it's news and that's good i get good news from here but why Why did they not approve my post before and Facebook is owned by the national security and we're still promoting it so I'm trying to get another Facebook but I don't know how good I can make it. It's probably not enough because in March of 2016 US Special Forces are redeploying to Texas under a new code name UX16 short for exercise 2016.

Unlike Jade Helm 15, UX-16 was a commissioner's in-secret input, effectively handing over Bastrop County, Texas, to the U.S. military without consent. The limits, effectively, martial law has been declared. In the case of Jade Helm UX-16, the citizens of Bastrop County don't even know.

Now, according to reports, UX-16 will be even more covert than Jade Helm-15, operating on privately owned properties in the county and at Camp Swift. County Judge Paul Pape pulled the press he is in full support of the next phase of military operations, as he indicated there were, quote, no incidents during Jade Helm. Despite one local eyewitness, Brian Hohenstein, who stated, Unfortunately for Hohenstein, his response indicates Jade Helm 15 was a successful conditioning exercise. No wonder the military is returning.

Judge Pape's only concern was the public outcry and paranoia surrounding Jade Helm 15, and he hopes that the military planners have a better containment policy than last time. He was cleared to issue a directive to special forces to subdue the new name for the operation and refrain from labeling Texas as hostile territory. Little is known about UX-16 at this time other than it kicks off in March of 2016 and will be even more covert than Jay had held. Unfortunately for Judge Pape and the Bastrop commissioners, the cat is out of the bag.

Unfortunately, for the free people of Texas, we're getting the word out. We'll monitor a military chatter to bring you the latest on this developing story. Please distribute this news alert to your social networks and subscribe to our YouTube channel for the updates. This has been a Next News Network special report.

I'm Gary Franch. This is the face of terror because I am absolutely terrified of what you will do to my women and children. So he contacted me back and said that he could do it, so that's what I want, and he said yep no worries and there he goes he's done something like that before and say what I need to do and theme it he says he's done it so it sounded good to me but there you're saving the world and we appreciate if you made it well because there could be a full-time position if it was made well and I tell him and he doesn't understand about saving the world so you know World War Three just started and then the day I predicted it and but with this budget sorry I can't do with this budget can you increase your budget I can make it well depends on the Australian government. I have till the 19th to wait for a Centrelink loan and I could. I'll do it.

So what will it cost me, mate? So I'm almost a grand in debt and I can get a $1,300 loan and that means I would have around $300 to spend. I wonder how much he's going to charge me i'm so sorry i'm so sorry i'm so sorry wake up world look at what has happened here you see they did this right before this happened do you understand you see i can't speak you see obstruction of justice do you see this can i make it any clearer to you What did you think would happen if you put all your information on a website that was controlled by a very small portion of the population? It's good. Put some heart into it.

Always before three, here is your war, but here is the hope at the bottom. Please listen carefully, because I have been thinking about this one since childhood, but I was never confident enough to voice it. But most of these problems derive from putting ourselves into systems. So we create an algorithm that then differentiates people through a system-produced number, and that's where we made the error.

So, we should not identify people by the way the system identifies them, but instead through who they are, and I'll show you how I propose that we do it. However, I am open to discussion about this because we could really help a lot of people just by doing this because our birth certificate is who we are. and we then get an electronic birth certificate, and you don't carry that around, it's just because of who you are, it's a number, and you have the territory, and our territory is Athedan, And then you have the state, which is Indiana, but you've got to convert it to Geometria, so that's 9, like see I is the 9th letter in the alphabet, and then 14 is the 14th letter in the alphabet, and then 4 is D, you see how that works? So then we got that set of numbers, so that's from where you were born.

And then your date of birth then is 27-06-1984. And then your initials, which is the same process as this, and you just go, you know, 23rd letter, 3, let's see, and then 14, the 14th letter. and see you come up with a nice code here that is individual, and I don't think you could repeat that. So that means that you are who you are, and you are your identification because of who you are, and not from the system prescribing that to you, so it's much better. Let's do something like that.

I really did like the way that Centerlink identifies me with my voice and I think instead of chips we should use voice and that way if someone needs to identify who they are to an official then all they have to do is speak and that makes much more sense than to carry a stupid wallet around. if we could make it where we could somehow purchase doing this as well. But we would have to be creative about it because we would have to make it secure. So that means we would have to use different words.

It would have to really understand how you utilize speech. But I'm not going to be the only one doing this anymore, so I got more people to help me. I've been working alone my whole life, and now it's about time that I worked with others because hey I've been preparing for this my whole life and you guys are all shocked and I'm like well I've been expecting this and telling you it's going to happen and this is a big relief for me because now I have proven that I wasn't crazy it was actually all of you guys that were crazy the blue bird for now and make something funny even though it's sad I told you I would play my liar as your city's burned because us reapers have to frame what crazy shit you do to be funny because the future will see the televised revelation for a very long time so let's please make it entertaining for them for they will have to laugh and cry sometimes at the same time we need to get off fossil fuels as soon as possible we have the technology there we just have to discover it now How amazing is this guys? What are we gonna do, like, drill it? Is that what we want to do? Just exploit it, ruin it, and then move along to another one and do the same thing?

Create this slavery system on every planet to produce, to produce more, to produce more, to gain more profits for those who don't need more profits? is that how we're going to do it we'll land there and then and then we'll stick a drill in there and we'll extract it from everything divine maybe if there's any life there we'll enslave that you see that i did i kept telling you because everything that i did they stopped me from doing and you just said it was crazy instead of how many times.

The same TPP plan is also being pushed on the Australian government, and there are many suspicious circumstances behind transferring from Tony Abbott to Malcolm Turnbull. But Australian politics really annoys me. Actually, all politics really annoys me, so I create my own politics, and they work much better. Remembrance Day, where praise and empathy aren't reserved for the millions of civilians killed by the U.S.

No, the glory and celebration is praised for the ones who killed them and ruined the lives of their families. If you had any dignity, I would tell you to be ashamed of what you're supporting, but I know better. Join us.

We are the Revelation. We were anonymous, but then we came out of the closet. We are the new Illuminati, and once the Illuminati realizes the errors of their way, then we are the Illuminati. It took us a long time to reveal your enslavement to you because you weren't very smart creatures.

You were very flock orientated and just went along with whatever was presented before you so those who were a little bit smarter than you were able to manipulate your thoughts. What you're doing, Fourth Reich, is really bad for you because now this is all televised and being broadcasted as far as those waves will reach. And those ways are not limited to their physical aspects. There are many ways of receiving information.

The information that I received from the Freemasons is a gift to you, but not to be used against them for like I said they have been forgiven and what matters is their actions now but it was merely to reveal to you the information and what was going on behind your back. For now they will become new Illuminati in order to be reborn back into the Illuminati Freemasons, skulls, whatever you want to call it. Wash yourself in my blood, my friends, For it is universal salvation.

My heart cannot continue to do this every day. I told you what was going to happen. I showed you it happening. And I predicted when it would happen.

And then it happened. And now I will introduce you to what it's going to be like. But after that, I'll stop because I hope it would have been enough to train you to find these sources yourself. And not only that, it'll be really sad because it does a lot on me doing this.

And if I continue to do this throughout the next seven, eight months, it's going to kill me. so I need to focus on promoting the work that I have and not making new work but I'll have this camera by my side if I can get it to charge like it won't even hook up now so I don't know but I'll do my best to keep you updated with the most important information but I cannot give you every single thing because you need to find it for yourself because now it's there. I don't know how I'm going to handle the bandwidth of such a project. So it might be about time for someone to stand up now that everything that I said was going to happen has happened. If anyone assassinates

me, you are killing the protector of women and children, and I hope you feel good about that decision. Anyway, God has led me to another place, so I don't have very long left here. What are you doing? It's now time to learn our universe, world. It is time to look up.

You got it. Magic numbers. Do you want it to happen again? My goodness. The clouds come down.

There is one moment in time in which the stars align. Serious. You need to wait the right moment. The error.

Time traveling. C. I'm pretty sure that I'm the type of person that you would want on your side in World War 3. I am for the people, and by the people, and only for the people, and by the people.

If any of you have souls left, now is your time to respond, because we will cannot get another chance. For this is the secret creed, and we will cannot get another chance. The world was created and ruled by a lesser divinity, the Demiurge, and that Christ was an emissary of the remote supreme divine being, esoteric knowledge, Gnosis, of whom enabled the redemption of the human spirit.

Scripture has deep hidden meaning, whose true messages can only be understood through secret wisdom.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



18-The-Televised-Revelation-Cross-06-Remembrance-Day

I hope everybody stays safe over the tribulation. I will try my best to save us all.

We need to get off all fossil fuels.

And Australia is next. Why do the globalists want to possess the soul?

Beware that thou forget not the Lord thy God In not keeping its commandments, and its judgments, and statutes, which I command thee this day. Let when thou hast eaten, and art full, and hast built goodly houses, and dwelt therein, and when thy herds and thy flocks multiply, and thy silver and thy gold is multiplied, and all that thou hast is multiplied, then thy heart be lifted up. And thou forget the Lord thy God, which brought thee forth out of the land of Egypt from the house of bondage. Who led thee through the great and terrible wilderness, wherein were fiery serpents, and scorpions, and drought, where there was no water?

Who brought thee forth water out of the rock of, who fed thee in the wilderness with manna, which thy fathers knew not, that he might humble thee, and that he might prove thee to do thee good at thy latter end. And thou say in thine heart, My power and the might of mine hand hath gotten me in this wealth, our foundations. But thou shalt remember the Lord thy God, for it is he that giveth thee the power to get wealth, that he may establish his covenant, which he swear unto thy fathers, as it is this day. And it shall be, if thou do at all forget the Lord thy God, and walk after other gods, and serve them, and worship them, I testify against you this very day that ye shall surely perish.

As the nations which the Lord destroyeth before your face, so shall ye perish, because ye would not be obedient unto the voice of the Lord your God. And the second angel sounded, and as it were a great mountain, burning with fire, was cast into the sea, and the third part of the sea became blood. And the third part of the creatures which were in the sea and had life died, and the third part of the ships were destroyed, and the third angel sounded, and there fell a great star from heaven, burning as it were a lamp. and it fell upon the third part of the rivers, and upon the fountains of waters.

And the name of the star is called Wormwood, and the third part of the waters became Wormwood.

And many men died of the waters, because they were made bitter. And the fourth angel sounded, and the third part of the sun was smitten, and the third part of the moon, and the third part of the stars, so as the third part of them was darkened. And the day shone, not for a third part of it, and the night light wise.

And I behold, and I heard an angel flying through the midst of heaven, saying with a loud voice, Woe, woe, woe, to the inhabitators of the earth by reason of other voices of the trumpet of the three angels which are yet to sound. And I will show wonders in the heavens and in the earth, blood and fire and pillars of smoke. The sun shall be turned into darkness and the moon into blood before the coming great and awesome day of the Lord. and it shall come to pass that whoever calls on the name of the Lord shall be saved. Because when you live it, when you breathe it, you will it. You are too busy

to deal with the likes of me 6161616 just cross your eyes just a little bit none of you seem to realize it but you're all programmed to do this so just look in front of you and you'll be able to see it really clearly now just consider everything I've said do we mean the words we use Jedi this is your Star Wars for I am your father you're funny dude I just hope you stop killing people because you're pretty cool world needs a hero like you but you have to stand up and be a hero not a murderer because no matter who we are what we invest our efforts into will determine the type of people that we are that we become and kind of that we always were it's just not glorifying murder pretty sure it is I wonder how many people that one missile killed so you have to see how people frame things all around the world don't just know what's going on in your own country and what's happening everywhere please stand up putting help us free every nation you'll find out soon that we actually have a lot better versions of these this is all Neanderthal technology so we will dig that up and we will implement renewable resources and get off fossil fuels this is John's tree and in the winter he didn't water it at all and for the past few months I've been trying to get it to live again but I am afraid it's dead but from death comes new life All of this happened because you chose to be reliant on the government. In my whole life, I've been saying we shouldn't be reliant on anybody because we are the people. And we should be the ones who make our government, not the government pushing on us. The government is a pyramid.

I am trying to fix it. For it is not my cross, yours.

Do we mean the words we say?

So the number of individuality that we created, we then associate with your voice. And then you are walking wallet. World human. This way individuals are assessed on who they are and not what systems make them.

My system is merely recognizing their personal autonomy and their systems take that away. He also has a master's degree in diplomacy. Are they going to consider me a terrorist for trying to get us to wake up peacefully? Are those who belong to no country but instead the world terrorists?

What is your definition of a terrorist? The answer is whatever you say it is. Today is our new remembrance day. Today is our new day of church. Today we will rest and contemplate what we are about to do. What Yo is about to do.

This is Lisa Haven, and I've got some critical information to share with you, specifically in regards to the upcoming Paris Climate Summit coming up on November 30th through December 11th, where 190 of our globalist leaders will be gathering together to discuss climate change or climate cooling or global warming, whatever the new dubbed name is. obviously it's a fraud and it ends to a means now at this climate summit I've got some shocking information to reveal specifically in regards to a global unified binding agreement that they plan on putting through at this summit one that they have planned on doing for a long time and one that they want fully implemented by 2020 but started in 2015 and this is a global agenda Now, 158 countries already have submitted their preliminary or their climate action plan, including the United States of America, China, and Russia. I'm going to get in specifically the one from America, and I believe some of the changes that we're going to face in 2016 and beyond are going to impact not only us personally, but our children's children's children's, and could have some pretty dire consequences. But I think the best thing to do is to delve into this globalist depopulation agenda of Agenda 21 coming up at the Paris Climate Summit.

Let's dive in. Now, here we are on the official COP21 website or the United Nations Conference on Climate Change. As you can see, the dates I referenced there. But here to our right, it says, what is COP21?

Well, it is the 21st Conference of the Parties, the annual meeting of countries which want to take action for the climate. It will be held in France from the 30th of November till 11th, December 30th. Now, what I want to do is take you to its neighboring website here. And let me show you the link at cop21paris.org.

Now, here is where the staggering agenda comes from, where it's the Sustainable Innovation Forum 2015, and it says, what exactly is it all about? Well, here's the headline, the cooperation of over 190 countries in securing many positive outcomes owes much of the patience and persistence of the COP president, Manuel Pulgar Vidal, and the spirit of Lima as we look forward to Paris, the city of lights and the city of love for our shared future and shared environment. Now, here is where they expose some of the most shocking information about their globalist binding agreement for the world. So what is COP all about?

Yes, that's exactly the question that we need to be asking. But it states the international political response to climate change begun at Rio Earth Summit in 92, where Rio Convention included the adoption of the Framework on Climate Change, or UNFCCC. The convention set out a framework for action aimed at stabilizing atmospheric concentrations of greenhouse gases to avoid, quote-unquote, dangerous arthropogenic interference with the climate system. The UNFCCC, which entered into force on the 21st of March, 1994, now has a near-universal membership of 195 globalists or parties.

Their objective at this conference is to review the Conventional's implementation. The first COP took place in Berlin in 1995, and significant meetings since have included COP3, where the Coyote Protocol was adopted. Now, what is that protocol? Well, it's basically a protocol that cuts global carbon emissions.

That is kind of the ideal behind it. It goes on to say that in 2015, COP21, also known as the 2015 Paris Climate Conference, will, for the first time in over 20 years of UN negotiations, aim to achieve, and this is important, a legally binding and universal agreement on climate with the aim of keeping global warming below 2 degrees Celsius. That is huge. A legally binding and universal agreement on climate.

It means countries are coming together to do this. And in further reports, I also found out that over 158 have already submitted their action plan. Now, it goes on to say that France will play a leading international role in hosting this conference. And it will be one of the largest conference ever held by the country.

And it's expected to attract 50,000 participants, including 25,000 official delegates from government, intergovernment, and UN agencies, NGOs, and civil societies. So lots you can see is specifically referenced there. Now, what I want to also show you here on the news and updates, we have UK climate leaders call for clean energy revolution, and also UK energy ministry claims UN renewable targets will be met. So, a lot of it is all on renewable energy.

That is one of the goals. But, let's go here, because these are referenced. This is on TheGuardian.com, but it lists the sustainable development agendas for or that they want to implement by 2030. Now, I've gone through these before, so I don't want to get into them too much again.

But as you can see, they have all their agendas here, and I believe there is a total of their 17 agendas. And specifically, I went over this before, but I want to show you Agenda 16. and here it states on 16.9 by 2030 they want legal identity for all including birth registration that means that could be via biometrics in the skin it could be via a national ID card we just don't know yet but this is definitely an agenda that they're going to be pushing hardcore and it's part of something that could likely be discussed at the Paris conference in France along with this global, quote-unquote, binding agreement. Now, let me take you here to a Fox News report, and let me show you the link up at the top.

Now, this is the United States IND cover notice.

Now, this cover notice is basically our agreement, our submitted action plan. And this is what I want to reveal to you guys first and foremost, because we want to know exactly what it is that America has agreed to. Well, here it is. The United States is pleased to communicate its intended nationality-determined contribution as well as information to facilitate the clarity, transparency, and understanding of their contribution.

It is strongly committed to reducing greenhouse gas pollution, thereby contributing to the objective of the convention. in response to the request in lima to communicate to the secretariat its intended nationality determined contributions toward achieving the objective of the convention as set out in article two the stabilization of greenhouse gas concentrates in the atmosphere at a level that would prevent dangerous arthropogenic interference with the climate the u.s. intends and notice the date up here 2015 okay this was just released november 3rd and obama is going to be attending the paris summit along with vladimir putin and many others but here he states that we are agreeing to achieve a reduction in greenhouse gases by 26 to 28 percent by 2025 let's do it that That is pretty huge. You can see here, here's some of the targets, U.S. emissions under 2020 and 2025 targets.

Now, Obama just announced that he is attending this summit recently, so brand new information, and this cover was just released November 3rd, and I've heard no one cover this as of yet. But it's very important to know if he's going to be reducing our carbon emissions by that much. What kind of impact, what kind of effect is that going to have on our economy? change and that's something that we truly need to take into consideration so much about um and i'm going to show you also further that he intends to achieve that by reducing our power plants uh but he goes on to say that they've already taken substantial action to reduce emissions um and then he goes to say additional action yada yada substantial goal emission reductions are needed to keep the global temperature rise below two degrees celsius two degrees celsius is the temperature we were given at this summit that all nations of the world want to achieve well this is obviously a target of america as well um but the target is consistent with the straight line emissions reduction pathway from 2020 to deep economy-wide emission reductions of 80 percent or more easy 80 percent right now he wants to hit 26 to 28 percent by 2020 but go to 2050 and we're talking 80 percent that will have a substantial impact on our economy especially for something that's not even a legit cause climate your economy is not legit global warming, whatever they're dubbing it, it's a lie, it's an end to a means, it brings more money in their pocket because they can control and know exactly where the money is going to be backed, that is my personal opinion, I know everyone agrees with that, but here is just a little more information on that, I didn't see too much in this section, but I'm going to leave a link to this so you can see it, but here is some of the things that they plan on implementing here, specifically in regards to the Clean Air Act and the Energy Independence and Security Act. These are things that they already do since 2009, and these are

things that they're looking forward to doing in the future. It says under the Clean Air Act, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency is moving to finalize by the summer of 2015 regulations to cut carbon pollution from new and existing power plants. Power plants are in big trouble.

And as Obama has said numerous times, our electricity will necessarily skyrocket. It will also impact our transportation system, our methane emissions, oil and gas. Significant new alternatives will be presented. And the other one's removed.

Get rid of your cars. America's Clean Power Plan. This is the first ever carbon pollution standards for power plants. So that is the change that Obama is going to be initiating at the Paris Climate Summit coming up. And he's not the only one. It's going global. 158 countries have submitted plans. Now this is an interesting video. But here he goes on to brag about what clean power is going to bring.

He says it's going to prevent asthma and death. It's just a load of bull, in my opinion. And yes, I mean a load of bull. He goes to also say that it will boost our economy and by creating tens of thousands of jobs, all while taking tens of thousands of jobs.

No, it means we create new jobs, real jobs. You're currently doing this in a world? That's a lie because he also stated that the cost of energy will necessarily skyrocket. And to be honest, that's the only thing that I see happening with this plan is our electricity bill will skyrocket.

There will be new taxes and whatnot. Here is a breakdown on false global warming and how we are heating and temperatures rising or causing us more in our electric bill. When in reality, it's just natural changes in climate, carbon pollution, the biggest driver of climate change, us breathing, obviously, you know, we breathe in and breathe out carbon dioxide and we breathe out. So we're obviously polluting with our every breath.

But, um, uh, he also goes on to say that he needs to reduce carbon pollution from power plants, create clean energy, um, cutting energy waste in our homes, businesses, and factories. Well, how is he going to do that? Carbon taxes. That is the end game here.

No carbon taxes. Do it by taking away the sources that do it. climate. And I'm not going to read all of this. I really encourage you guys to come

back and read a lot of this. But replacing them with something that can work. Don't leave people without hope. And then he says work with other countries. Obviously this is a

global problem that will call for a global solution. Please, please, please keep that mind the ultimate endgame here is to implement a global solution and that's exactly what they're doing so there you have it that is all about the the summit in France is all about implementing the new world order 100% when I covered the September meeting with Pope Francis and Obama and Russia and the Chinese president and how I said that they were kicking off the new world order I was 100% correct. Now, we may not see the effects right away, but I do believe it's about to topple. We know that countries have submitted their action plan. We know that things are about to change on a

global scale, and I'm talking globally here. We have a push towards anyone who is against the New World Order, anti-New World Order, those who are patriotism. I did a report just two, two or three days ago on that specifically so there's definitely agenda but the key thing here that we need to keep in mind at this meeting they're going to be pushing a legally binding and universal agreement on see that's why legally binding and universal agree what you're doing is they're going to use the lie a global warming to push the global agenda they create seriously let's do this thing but let's remember that we can never finalize anything because if you do that you fucking lose your souls and you can do that collectively now because this is fucking judgment day the burden of damascus behold damascus is taken away from being a city and it shall be a ruinous heap. Sirius, are you serious? Folks, we have, uh, there's a

report out right now by the Times of Israel. They're reporting according to unconfirmed reports out of Syria. But Syria is saying that Israeli airstrikes have happened today hitting near the Damascus airport. Sirius.

It seems today that all you see is violence in movies and sex on TV people to rip you off and both genders to objectify you rape and murder is quite common a defiance against our very origins scams and robberies include the ones called businesses who brand your head TV from human to consumer we make our own destiny from the printing press worshippers of Satan invent a dollar to force upon its slaves a time orientated plot for the devil itself me to rule our entire species where are those good old-fashioned values in which we used to rely but luckily there is a man who positively can do all things which make us laugh and cry scripture yo scripture this is where we are here is how we get there. This is war. Why can't people see? This happened a long time ago. I'll go back into the

past and I'll show you. Because all of my work is prophecy and it tells you exactly what is going to happen, which is why you need it so badly right now. You thought we would roll over and fucking die, did you? Fuck you.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



18-The-Televised-Revelation-Cross-07-Good-Friday

I filmed this. The meaning of life. High five. All this land. Why we need to find ivory because I can't release my old work until we do that because you censored me and that's what God said and my old work tells us what we need to do.

I just want to zoom on stuff but it's going too fast. I can't do it. you need my old work and you're not going to get it unless we find ivory. I wrote a handbook on how to cope with what's happening right now. I spent my

whole life doing it because I knew it wouldn't be receptive to you until it happened and now it has happened and you need it. We all need it. Which means that you have to accept what I'm doing, and you have to throw away your preconceptions, let's see what I've said, about what a pedophile is. If you are attracted to young girls, then you are not a bad person. If you hurt, or rape, or any way, abuse a child, do I need

to say anymore. What is it like? We are judged based on our actions and not our thoughts. It is not what goes into a man, but what comes out of a yo. Of yo. Hey! Hey! This is my

All right, just to pick our first day, you've probably noticed this rock formation has been quite amazing today, really. It looks like it's set around Lord of the Rings or something. Clouds are really hanging low in the valley. A lot of scenery here, though, is blocked today because of all the low-hanging clouds.

It's looking as good as it usually does. So these rocks here are a bit of a landmark for the Newman area. As a matter of fact, they are known as the Newman Rocks. They do have an Aboriginal name, which is about this long, I can't remember.

They've been given individual names in years. This big rock in the front is known as the Cathedral, and the other two was the Thimble and the Needle. Well, use your imagination there. But significant landmark for the area.

This sort of three rock pattern is in a lot of the craft work that comes down to Nimbun. It's going quite three yards and stuff like that. So it's an icon of the area. So if you're in Nimbun, that's the office.

Sort of a similar look or at least one of them. Okay, just briefly a bit of modern history about Nimbun itself, which actually goes right back to 1973. And it's getting a long time ago now. But that was a year that the Australian Union of Students put on a festival here in Nimmin, calling it the Aquarius Festival, or Festival of the New Age.

And that's what happened to Sligo in Nimmin back then. All these people came to the festival from everywhere. A lot of them liked what they saw here. A lot of them wanted to stay here.

They came in their home, and they did just that. And a few of them even stayed here. So I guess they made their life for the season. Supposedly? It's fake. It's commercial.

I don't want to see that. I love mirrors, but... Let me see our... Let me see where we can get back.

Okay, let me go back a little bit. I don't want to see that. Eee, eee. That's the best I can do.

Make up your eye line. Another form of colonialization. See, I was smart enough to get it.

But those early days of the late 70s, early 80s, became known as the days of peace, love, and brown rice. Yeah, right. A lot of passion, a lot of enthusiasm for what they were doing. Very few resources.

Anyway, that was an antipas coined. I don't know who did it. Take off your mask.

Okay, Nibben Village now, though. It requires a lot of voluntary energy, or runs on a lot of voluntary energy. Ugh, I need to sit Indian style. My legs are killing me.

Our own monthly newspaper here, a quarterly magazine. We've even got our own radio station. New Y2.3, I think. Radio that's been with a very strong signal, but it streams to the web 24-7.

So if you're private there, you can be tuned. Now, this whole 40-year gap that's happened between 73 and 13, was celebrated in the month of May, a couple of months back. And they just had a lot of get-togethers, happens, films, movies. We've got the book that's printed, and this whole festival has been on for about a month.

As well as the first weekend in May every year in this town, I have the Mardi Gras Festival. We have about 6,000 to 10,000 starters in town, along with 50 local police too. Yeah, that's all part of what happens here, so all that went on in the month of May, and the members still have recovered from other people. Alright, we'll move on to the last point, which is, you know, there's one I guess, a bit of main street that you can hear in this town, there's one main street in this little Most of you, I'm sure, are aware that Nimbun and Marrawa are going to be posting that night.

My job to tell you, though, whether it's illegal here by state and federal law, pretty much a zero-tolerance policy.

There's a police presence in town, a police station, and surveillance cameras. But this whole cat-and-mouse game has been going on for... 30-something years in this town, and I can't see it changing any time soon. It's a situation where everybody knows nothing.

That's how the game's played. Maybe some of you might have read some backpacker literature, which sort of skews the truth a little bit. Yeah, it's quite funny. Yeah, and come to dinner in all the stories, right?

Yeah, right. Well, it's a little bit more in files than that, you know. So, yeah, armed with that sort of knowledge, it's not a police state in there, but, yeah, that's just to keep the status quo. People don't do anything through our age or teach them.

I'm pretty sure it is a police state in there. Yeah, that's the situation here. If you see somebody in town calling out for a taxi, making it look pretty obvious. Taxi?

No taxis in this whole village. If you didn't come in in the road 4...

Sometimes it works a bit in a mobile phone. The police are part of it. I got them for you. He missed something about this right here.

That hole right there, this was a meeting place for men, not women. And that hope was to initiate boys into manhood and what they had to do was climb up those rocks and then go through the hole.

Now it is your turn. Let every man become Jesus.

This is what I was arrested for. In the TV show, Independent Year for Kids, I publicly declared war on Australia.

And don't worry, I told all the right officials about it too.

And they didn't do anything, so I then obtained this land, acquired it, beautiful garden, given to me.

Steward. This is my land, and it was taken away from me unjustly. I claim it back. Here is my certificate. Here is my signature. I am a pacifist, so I will not touch this land until it is declared a sovereign embassy of a Thetan, but even though I am a pacifist, my djinn might not be so friendly.

These are the true facts. They have been hiding me from you. Why? Because I am their BOOM!

And I got in trouble for filming the paperwork in which they gave me. And if they hand me something, why can't I film it? Because that doesn't mean it's in my possession. And they took everything that I said entirely out of context, and I told them that they did that, and they documented that they did that, and they accused me of having child porn. It's terrible. You got it till next election, in which they knew who I was, and I won. And they said I wasn't crazy. You see how they don't use the real information? They frame it to be whatever they want.

Athedan requires a Department of Defense, ASAP, so please do your duty to humanity and help protect the potential future of human existence. I need a handful of trustworthy people who will help me establish a base around the tree of life and then begin to coordinate what is to happen next because now we're playing the chess game, we're in the war, so let's start it. I need a handful of trustworthy individuals who can help me establish that embassy around the Tree of Life in Nimbun, and that way we can create a strategy about how we might be able to disarm this war, how we might be able to put out this fire. Athedon is driven by peace, and that is its only objective. So as long as there's war, then Athedon is implementing solutions to end that war.

We will attack no person, but some may choose to defend themselves. Who is the most honorable king? The Game of Thrones has begun. I wish to coexist with all honorable royalty out there, But the thing is, is that you guys have lost the understanding of the meaning of your words.

So you use words that don't actually relate with what that word means. So how can I trust the Honorable X? The Order of Australia.

Thank you, Venus. She's not far away, is she? It's time for every nation to fast for a little while and really reflect upon our actions.

For you have turned your churches as dark as they can be. And as a result, you all live in fear of your own lives every single day and don't even realize it because you have been desynthetized. It is psychological warfare stretched to its very limits. Got some extra heaters.

Technology is still not good enough to do this very well. Like, it'd be better. We need to be able to do this. I don't want to have to carry this crap, I just want to interface to get to there.

Coat shag. Thank you, chickens. Thank you, cook likes this. What's happening, girl?

I think you feel it right now. It's about to come. Crucial. Our last chant.

Beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep. Your children will stop providing this for you. I tell them to. Beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep.

Did you see? hope you didn't miss it go back if you did it's the most dangerous animal in our human existence destroy our environment our fences where none should be we think the habitat belongs entirely to us partition my space we perform atrocities and then write fictional tales over them and present them as history to our people. This is non-fiction, no matter how much I make it look like fiction. Installing our base.

I hope you have enjoyed the tour of humanity that I have given you. It was intended to find my girl, but it seems that it has found you. We are a weaker nature and we found you. We would probably eat you or somehow exploit you.

use your bones as fossil fuels. If you were intelligent but could not communicate in the same manner as us, then we would find a way to destroy you. You would scare us. Prophets throughout the ages have visited us, but we have never had the ears to listen. After they

are dead, we will revere their teachings, but corrupt them to make them profitable. we need the dollar to live and by doing this we destroy the habitat for both the creatures around us and ourselves a few times a century someone worthy of living is born but their society oppresses them pushing them into lives of suffering and when they die they leave so much to everybody and everybody appreciates them after they're dead. We take comfort in excess and develop it into capital and we will even kill our own to raise those numbers. Since childhood, I have openly admitted that I was a spy on society. I'll continue in a sec.

gotta charge my camera it's dying you can take everything from me except my heart and that is my era that is yo son now go go go go go go go go um and that's why i developed into sociology so I could do it better and I do it very very well and this production is a very good bar to judge us humans on because it is the current state of our world and it's all of us it's not just Australia it's everybody. The technology in which we have just discovered will make us very powerful people our new gods will soon be the elites who put countless amounts of material in front of us without us realizing they pay dot connectors who can give them advice so they will realize and they have realized and they are already starting the process but they will understand what this means and how much it can develop one single human character.

There's going to be a lot of characters developing soon, but they're not going to be for the divine. We will gain power over many planets and overlook life when it does not resemble our own. We will mine every planet's resources to make a profit. We are weak creatures who are bullied by lesser animals of all kinds. We ignore those who suffer no

matter how hard they scream. That suffering is created for and by humans. We scare our people into living isolated lives so they are profitable. We waste our resources because it's profitable and we can use much better methods. Our

Our news rarely has anything newsworthy on it. I am tired of saying these things as they can all be linked together, especially with even a simple analysis of the facts. This is about to be over. So now I will greet you and leave the filth of humanity behind us.

Welcome to our world, it is gorgeous in every single way possible. Yeah, it does, it is. It's the same type of thing. And the two fishes, the prices.

Oh, it's almost good. I know, it's a bit cool. I'm feeling a little bit today. Maybe I'm not dressed so well.

But it's almost like fire, like this little saw. I've got this jewel. It's a bit exciting. I wonder if you want to make things.

It's so bad, especially when they get in your armpit, on your neck, on your head. I'll get it out. I agree to you. We are creatures motivated by money.

We are a slave race. Can we enslave ourselves if we feel that we are benefiting from that equation? You can use us. You can give us retarded things and we will think they are awesome.

and ultimately work for you to get them. High five.

But if you reward us for the labors that we provide for you with technology that's really cool, but also help us become better people,

then eventually us humans will become noble creatures. If you could only provide us with the technology that could instill good moral values within each individual using it, then we will reach the stars and we will rule them with justice and heart. We could be friends if we only learned to understand each other. But how do we get an entire world of people who don't want to understand anything outside of their own lives to understand this for I have just died on my cross it was you society who crucified me in my death I shall pray for three days how could you all be so blind six six six three three and attack against you and me the three days represents each day at your trial for God has turned its back on me to again teach you the same lesson but do not despair because on that day of Diana I shall rise again and ascend first myself and then all of my people to heaven the light you are but after an entire life of broadcasting You are the first to respond. I want you to know that I appreciate that because I have an entire lifetime

That humans refuse to do so

Because here is the truth world I

am exactly Who I say I am and you will all now Come back to God or we will exterminate Listen to me The number of an angel you just have to trick the robot to love within its actions and Then that would motivate us to become smart and then we would produce better things and it would be better for all of us and where you could be peaceful people and that would be awesome. There you go. I'll be back.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



18-The-Televised-Revelation-Cross-08-Psychotic

I am shocked. God's magic is the most powerful of them all, and now we will all bow or be eliminated. I will not release any more work until Easter Monday because I have a lot of praying and fasting to do for I just died and now I have to gather myself together again. I'm ashes.

I will stay away from all forms of media until Easter Monday. So I can really reflect on all of this. Clothing, but primarily wings. You just have to replace dysfunction with function.

For there are no longer police, but you can always receive help here. here let's get there what watch will you turn to because a real business is a non-profit organization My name is Wiccan, and I am a warrior, and yes, I do have my scars from battle wounds. Now I am here to proclaim that I am Yo God. But listen to me, I am not Yo God, I am God's God.

I think it's about time that I got a programming team so please do stand up everybody. Now we come to the intersection in time because they now have a moral obligation.

Feed me. I love Taco Bell. Give me food whenever I'm hungry and open source your ingredients and only use GMOs that have been open sourced. if you're going to use GMOs and Bing because that's what you need to do and you need to market that you're vegetarian but you need to market that you're cool because people can't tell the difference between your vegetarian products and your meat ones so you need to spend some effort doing that and then you need to Give me food for the rest of my life because I worked really hard to ring this bell And if you don't do that, then I'm sorry my friend, but READ!

You will encourage individuality within your workers and you won't exploit anybody to get those ingredients and You'll actually do just the opposite. You'll help them say you'll create mutually beneficial opportunities where everybody can profit prophet, prophet, not to be confused with prophet. Please realize that what I'm saying tautologically applies down the line, and these Jews get until then to make their decision, and then God will judge them, so it'll be fine. Of course, this applies for a theetum to be implemented on June 16, 2016.

See, we have the right idea. What will you trap in your web? For we are fishers of yo's. Who is...

Shane? Who are you? Are you my friend? Do I know you?

Who are you? Okay, do you want to not call me anymore? Okay, I love you too. Can you please do what I say then and save the world with me?

Please? Who are you? Polska, you're a pretty lady. Okay, oh, I don't know you and you should do what I say and and then we can talk later because the world's ending so just do what i say and

then then we can dance after we we make peace we need to make peace first so let's make peace yes yes but she needs to save the world she needs to save the world we're in world war three can Can you save the world, please, first, and then we can talk later? We can actually meet up and talk, but, like, can we save the world first? Because the world's a disaster, and we really need to save the world, so can we do that? And then we can dance later, because we can't dance until after we save the world, because that's really sick if there's women and children that are being killed on a daily basis.

And then, then, then why are you not here? why are you not in front of me who are you why are you not in front of me then why are you not in front of me why are you calling me on a number that has no caller id and then how do i access you then you must have then you must have then you must have the technology to enable me to get there i will burn but i haven't done anything wrong i'm just trying to show people how to use camera then how can I be married if I can't even see you I will I dance with all those who dance to love and if you dance to love then I dance with you do you know anything about this Venus festival do you know anything about the Venus festival in Paris your Venus I would like to come yes please we can dance at the festival because we really need to see what i'm talking about because it's beneficial to everybody it's not just mankind it's every single being out there so if if i don't know if you guys i don't know what but you don't understand i've already died easter monday is is on monday i've already died look at my work world war three um i I'll release six episodes. Oh, I already died.

Orpheus, do you see what I mean?

I'm in the underworld right now.

Orpheus was a legendary Thracian musician, poet, and prophet in ancient Greek religion and myth. The major stories about him are centered on his ability to charm all living things, and even stones with his music. in an attempt to retrieve his wife from the underworld. And then I died at the hands of those who could not hear my divine music.

As an archetype of the inspired singer, Orpheus is one of the most significant figures in the reception of classical mythology in Western culture, portrayed or alluded to in countless forms of art and popular culture, including poetry, film, opera, music, and painting.

Okay, so here's the time-traveling trick in which I performed on their advice. I traveled to the underworld, and I did that because I charmed them with my music, which I was the only one to do that. So they agreed to allow her to return with me to Earth on one condition, that I should walk in front of her and not look back until they both had reached the upper world. He set off with her. I will. Following. And in my anxiety, as soon as I reached the upper world, I turned back to look at her. Forgetting that both needed to be in the upper world. And she vanished. For the second time, not the third time, girl. No. I swam back. I swam back.

ivory could be anyone but I am open to whatever God brings me and I will travel to the ends of the earth and back to find you I will travel to the ends of the universe and into the underworld to find you the crack in the wall where the bluebirds fly where the bluebirds fly where the bluebirds fly high high in the sky I showed John the footage and he rolled his eyes and thought it was ridiculous I'm sorry I didn't catch your name but it was a pleasure to meet you and I found our conversation very informative and interesting but if this is you did I screw up have you contacted me before I'm sorry oh it feels like stalking I don't know after John listened to it he said I wonder how he got your number I just don't understand how humans can be blind because aliens have just been revealed to them and now they still can't understand that an alien might contact me especially since I'm broadcasting to any being out there and not just humans so it just it's confusing to me humans aren't wired right and we got to fix them and this is the methods that I have composed to be able to do that isn't this so much cooler than mainstream crap prank call after prank call after prank call sometimes i'll get this little and uh and one last night i got a sort of thing and um but they're coming from both people and electronic devices um and not only that i'm getting heaps of really harsh comments uh around the board, I got at least one stalker, at least one stalker, who just stalks to flame me, and it looks like I might have a lot more, so this might be one person's, you know, vendetta, I don't know, but it looks like a lot more, or a few more, or maybe friends of that person, first time i don't know um but that's not cool i mean that's getting in the way of my day-to-day life all i do is give you material traveling back in time to fix something i'm not doing anything wrong i'm not hurting anybody in this world i mean for goodness sakes i'm not really even communicating with anybody in this world my day-to-day life is spent in front of a camera making stories up in my head and then and then trying to film them for you so I can entertain you and really ultimately looking for for my other half and um and that's not doing anything wrong so like why are you doing this to me um I just give you stuff and it's all open source like every single image here you can use for anything you can bring these in photoshop and you can uh And you can do whatever you want with them. You can use them for your own stories, or you can mix them up, or put them in a music video, or something like that. I'm not in every shot. I'm in very few shots.

And not just this, the sounds. I mean, listen to our environment.

You know, I think very hard about what environments I'm going to shoot in, and what sounds they're going to end up getting. and then what you can um utilize those sounds to make beautiful music and that's what i want the reason why i haven't done anything music wise um uh is because i want to get into a very specific style and i'm like that's i want to make my own i want to use i want to be able to collect all all the best sounds that i record and then and then be able to make really awesome music out of it sleep um so that's gonna take me a long time to be able to you know get into that uh to to get that good really i gotta practice i gotta work really hard so i can give you good quality music content too um i want to spend my life giving you everything um and so why why are you doing this i mean and i'm getting i've always gotten death threats and i'm continuing to get death threats, and I get lots of people not liking me, and I get lots of people ignoring me, trying, like, in my life, you know, there's two different things, there's the internet life, and then there's my life, in my life, I just, just human out of the rug, I count it as, uh, as collective damage, um, and do everything on the internet, the internet is where I exist, um, and, and this is just the, well, well, then, really, the internet is a representation of my own life. And I try my best to exist on it because I can't exist how I want to here. Because that's because I don't have the people, I don't have the right people to do the stuff that I like to do around me. And that's what all this is

about. This is what I'm trying to do. So, you know, I'm a homeless guy that's really wanting to get a place so he can put his stuff and then so he can travel around the world to continue to give you awesome footage so then he can find his soul mate and then spend the rest of his life with her telling you awesome stories like continuing to do that in all different types of mythology and we got so much I already covered so much but there's so much more I mean we could be doing I could spend my life you know doing what my heart loves, which is mythology, and I'm doing it well. I mean, the interpretations are there. You can learn how it works in relation to one's life. So all the people that I interact

with in my day-to-day life really is, I'm trying to just pull strings. I'm trying to manipulate my environment to get in a better place than I am now. I'll get somewhere where I can be happier and still do what I'm doing now. And I try to, you know, so I'm constantly battling systems because systems want me to do something a certain way.

And really, you know, I threaten a lot, saying, you know, I'm a documentary filmmaker and I'll release your name, I'll expose you, whatever. sold. And that's my method. But I rarely release the people's names unless they were already in it. Or they volunteered to do it. But I still try. And I might one day. I mean,

if it's that important to me, I might release the people involved. But there's just so much that's going on in my life. I'm trying to get a priority in housing so I can get considered for a house and you know i've been in camber so long and my feet are so itching um and if i got a house uh a unit you know one bedroom flat then i could go off wandering and not worry about you know where my stuff is um i'm just a guy trying to trying to live with his own psychology i've been dealt this hand um please don't treat me like this uh i'm just giving you stuff and and If you have a problem with me giving you stuff, then please don't watch my stuff. I mean, I'm not forcing you to watch this.

But I just got really awesome footage, and I guess all my productions do. But it's so amazing. Everything that happened was just bang. See, the stories write themselves.

Once you understand how the stories work, when you walk into a situation, and you've been contemplating this situation for a long time, um which is really reflection human reflection uh then we can you know understand that situation better um and understand what we're there to do and um and you know that makes us that really builds character um so if i go to a place with a mission um and this mission has a very uh long background story to it and then I carry out that mission and then I come out you know with exceeding my expectations from when I went in you know that's a good job that's a good job and whether you like it or not I don't care some people will and it's mythology it's I mean it's the first type of this thing that's ever been done with mythology and and it's going you know Once the mythology lovers out there get connected enough with the internet and know this sort of stuff's available, we're going to see a lot more people interested in this stuff. So, please, please leave me alone. I mean, if you don't want to leave me alone, then be a friend of mine. Get involved with my life.

Don't stalk me. Don't threaten me. don't, you know, or do it all, because I tell you in my work that you're going to do it anyway, so you're going to do what you're going to do, and I got to do what I got to do, because this is what I was told to do, and because, um, by me, you know, making a fool of myself on the stage of life, but, but going through all the, the hardships that oppression incurs and then showing you uh proof of what i'm talking about i mean that's that's what that's what this is and that's what's going to get me through my life and um and and you know what if you if you don't like me then then screw you because i don't care and i'll look at i just got this i just earned this so i earned it again it's the second time i've used it uh but but the thing is i said i had to give it to someone else and i so i packed it away and then i gave it to me um but but it'll get to someone else eventually um it was it was there was one person that was supposed to get it but they didn't end up getting it but but everything always happens uh for a sometimes and when you really need them most so please be nice or be mean or be whatever because it's all not going to matter soon because eventually there's going to be this little electronic device that will make what I'm doing very very very easy like extremely easy and then can you share that technology with them do it yourself and there's all these people around you that are doing it, you're going to question about how interesting your own life is, and you're going to have to live with the fact that you're a very boring person. So, that's what this is for, and that is what this is for, and now I will turn you off.

That was just now. That's not... Oh, here we go. It's coming again.

This stuff just keeps happening, stuff like this. But it uses all different things.

Sometimes you get people, got someone talking, say I was served, is that right?

Were you on camera, stalker?

Is it funny to be on camera? Is it funny to know that the world's gonna know you're a dickhead?

You don't know how to speak English. You're not intelligent enough.

Why are you stalking? How long have you been a stalker? Anything been you? Are you one person?

No, there we go. If this is you, then I am sorry. I don't know what's true and what's not here, but if this information is correct, then it means that I was the one to miss the black swan.

I don't know if this was you or not, but if this was, then I missed the black swan, and I am very, very sorry, but I have not missed it this time. why would you hang up as soon as you learn that I'm already between the two realms for we are shipping out my friends this is World War 3 I might die but I will not burn because that burning is in my spirit I might die but I will not burn because that burning is in my spirit for I am the nine-tailed diamond fox and I have been sent here to judge humanity thank you very handy the nine-tailed fox has appeared in times of consequence all through the ages a ghastly spirit destroying all that lays in its path as powerful as any act of nature. Men tremble. My heart ivory. I wonder how old you are. What about your family? If that was you before, then you have

been training under me for quite some time. How has your experience been? You could see I almost pressed hang up stupid like i didn't realize i thought they would have better ways to communicate but we can work on that are you royalty how were you raised is there hostility within your own species are you guys enlightened how do you feel about the state of affairs currently in our solar system. Are you from this earth or another earth? I'm

perfectly fine dying. You don't have to warn me. If it obtains me you then I... That's all I ever wanted. Tears are my best friends. I only love those who write

with their own blood. Endymion, I think it is a sign for me to sleep. Whether or not I will wake in the morning, only God knows. We live in exciting times, don't we? I haven't had a proper sleep in

like two or three weeks. See, that's the problem. I'm dead. I can't sleep. But the problem

is that i can't sleep how do people not look in front of them don't they know what happened like it's everywhere you just have to look the mask has just got bombed can you guys really not see that you're being marked i tried to warn you i really did don't cry for me i'm already dead because even though I opened up the eye, now I can't shut it off. My head feels like it is about to explode. I can't believe that I've been able to do this to my brain. I am really far out there. Because now you know that technology can do this, what will you as a society erect to

cope with its negative effects on the psychology? When sleep deprivation opens up the eye, then how can we medicate people in order to be able to sleep when their eye is always open? If Taco Bell is going to provide food that has been genetically modified but open source, then they also need to provide an organic option. so please don't limit people to only that option.

If mortals are to judge gods, then what use are mortals to gods? Check these two out. Okay, so that's the coal. And this one.

As soon as you learn that I'm out of two rounds. I have not eaten in a long time, So before I start this journey, I'm going to partake in Holy Communion.

Jenska from Polska. Is that right? Jenska? Well, here I am. Come and get me.

I have to come and get you. How do I do that? I'm in between realms right now. I'm not sure whether I'm alive or dead.

I am having a psychotic episode. episode. I really look forward to meeting a lot of new interesting friends. Why I miss the black swan in Horsey? It wasn't until the Nimbin trip in which I realized that I

was receiving communications from somewhere else. So that's why because I didn't realize So I just thought it was someone stalking me see you once you remove ignorance then your life

Flowers weird life at least I didn't do it the crap everybody else is doing Better to live and die than to never live at all. Look at this. See I'm obsessed What am I supposed to do girl if that's really you we need to talk more you can talk all the time, please I'm not sure. I'm really confused. Like, these last semester has really been messed up. Oh, so weird.

What does it mean when you hang up on me when I tell you that I died? Oh.

Is there yet another point in history in which I have to die, which is going to line up with this point in history perfectly? I'll do whatever girl Yes, ma'am Yes, ma'am I'm really trying here girl the last part. I didn't quite understand The last part I'm confused. I'll work it out Yes, ma'am Who else in this entire world can say they have a life as exciting as mine and I don't even have a life anymore?

the dance of love Do you know anything about this Venus festival? Okay. Do you know anything about the Venus festival in Paris? You're Venus.

Does that make me Hephaestus? Vulcan. Yes please, but can you not sleep around on me? Yes please.

We can dance at the festival because we really need to see what I'm talking about because beneficial to everybody it's not just mankind it's every single being out there so if I don't know if you guys yes ma'am Easter Monday if that is you my love then I am at your service I am very sorry that I was kind of rude to you a little bit I was not expecting that what a beautiful life what are your orders my queen because I love you with all of my heart and I will do anything to find you you have never been closer to me are you on the other side of the camera this is my blood are we to be married can we do it at your festival you can put your special liquid over me anytime you want the authorities stay away from me I don't want any trouble I'm just trying to fight a violent war peacefully it's not just tonight that we're going to dance girl it's every night or did you miss we've been dancing together for a long time this my friend what will yo build my hammer but are they building Jen's God what a beautiful name if you are her then what are you waiting for isn't it about time we danced because my love this I it only sees you and it is through you that I can see all things so my love it is It is you who are the reason for my existence, for my sight, the very fabric of my being. I dance with the camera because I know you are on the other side. For I am but a ghost in this world, not even my roommate can see. He said that if I ended up marrying you, an alien I think, that he would apologize.

But until then he doesn't believe in aliens. But he did promise to come to our wedding. I will not look back my love. I am here for you now, forever through God's grace.

If that is you it is time to step foot onto the ground. How long has it been for you? I did say that if I am yours then you are to claim me and you have claimed me so what is our next step my love? I am quite confused because I was always under the impression that it would be a young girl And I, at first, was not aware that it might be an alien, so you have caught me off guard, but I did catch the black swan at the end.

But then God told me that you would be young, so are you young? Or are you permanently young?

There is more than one way to access where you are right now.

You hung up when you found out that I am already dead. It will be an interesting three day journey.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



18-The-Televised-Revelation-Cross-09-As-U-Wish

currently in between the underworld and this world and I have to go through a journey to them find you and then bring you back without looking back I am your friend X marks the spot skirts of the Polish capital Warsaw 58 year old Stanislaw is homeless for more than two decades this ladder has been the way he gets to his hangout five meters underground in a heating duct. Around a dozen people live here, taking advantage of the heat given off by pipes. They pump 100 degree water around Warsaw. We can wash it, clean our clothes, and even do our ironing. If we put some eggs

in a pan, fill it with water, and stick it on a pipe, they'll cook. He has a home. He's right there. Surviving in such conditions is risky, however. This man fell seven meters

and landed on his head. He was lucky to escape with just cuts and bruises. Several months ago, in the same place, another man died. The residents' top priority is to stick together.

They can also count on hot meals handed out by the local police. They say there's no question if they're going into a shelter where alcohol is banned and the timetable is strict.

From 7am to 7pm, they throw us out and we can't leave any of our stuff here. How am I supposed to find a job? here at least I'm free. Did your camera hear that? I thought I heard something.

The ducts crisscross water on pump hot water from communist era coal-fired central heating plants to homes and offices. They are also part of an alternate world populated by several thousand homeless people. Forty-something Gosia has already spent a third of her life underground. She ended up homeless after a painful divorce and floods in her community, but the worst was yet to come. A few years ago I gave birth to a little girl down in the duct. I had a big red

bucket and I brought her into the world. Then I wrapped her in a sheet and went up to call the emergency services. You actually gave birth alone without any help? Yes. Gosha handed her daughter

over to a Warsaw foster family of her own free will. Today she's trying to get by amid a vicious This cold snap which has claimed several dozen lives, with most of the victims homeless. Spot. Get on this train.

All to fix our economy. Chances of being able to do it. So, if you marry me, then we can all unite. There's the background information, and why I was given this mission.

Where were you born, my love? If you were born here, where were you from? Do you know where I'm from? Are you what they call reptilian?

In the underworld, nothing but a ghost. At least you see me, my love. That is all I ever asked for. Who's Wesley?

It's really good. Nothing gave Buttercup as much pleasure as ordering Wesley around. Farm boy, polish my horse and saddle. I want to see my face shining in it by morning.

With water. In that picture?

As you wish.

Oh, gods.

May gods.

Out of men.

This keeps happening.

Does that mean that you're really a shapeshifter? So, could you just be anything I want you to be? Oh. That's probably not a good thing to say. I don't know this. Like, show me what you are. It makes sense, though. Ivory. I'm such a dork.

We would be able to have kids, though, wouldn't we? Because God promised me daughters. I will try to go to sleep again, my love. Feel welcome to take me in my dreams.

When did you first notice me, Jenska?

Just a ghost.

Someone will shortly join the chat and talk with you. Different accounts either blame Emperor Nero for initiating the fire or credit him with organizing measures to contain it and provide relief for refugees. Both. Who were responsible for the fire, arranged marriages, secret breeding programs.

You have to step outside of the dark for this to work, my love.

You have to come to the surface so that you might receive your crown. If these programs are true, so far they have failed, but now it is time one succeeds, because the answer is not oppression, freedom. The answer is not secrecy, but illumination. For I have already been to the underworld many times for you, my love.

I have already died many times for you. I was already standing next to you.

Can you see me? I see you. If that was you, unhorsey, then I am very sorry, but you were very dirty-minded, girl, and I thought you were a god. I don't mind you being dirty-minded, but there is a time and place for everything.

The myth of the abduction of Persephone represents her function as the personification of vegetation, which shoots forth in the spring and withdraws into the earth after the harvest. Dude, that's not poison, please. Can you do that for me, Taco Bell?

I have so many questions. Please get in contact with me again. Please continue regular contact with me. That is the requirements of being my girlfriend.

If we are to be wed, then we are to be revealed to the world for who we are.

All industrialized partnerships between our people are now discontinued. Please do share with us the technology in which would assist us to become more morally, ethically driven creatures. Please teach us how to take care of the earth that you live in and not destroy it. Please slowly distribute the gold train to nations in which adopt open-source licensing.

Please refuse it to nations that refuse to discontinue war. Please help us stop collective organization, but instead encourage individual organization. Please help us to never make final policies. If you are Venus, then I have spent my entire life studying you.

How many people in this world have spent their entire life studying love? I don't need to just go to the conference in Paris. I need to be the one who conducts it because any other person that you have standing up there speaking bullshit will be REAPED. The TPP is really bad and will destroy us all. Us wanting this one world policy so much is not logical processing.

our one world policy should be in the minds of every single individual and every single individual should spend their lives making what is in their minds come out here and if there's a system that's doing just the opposite then you will all die for that transgression because who was it that created that system. When you force policies on every single individual, then you take away their right to follow their heart. Which is why this festival is pure wickedness. Because it is not following love. It is not following you.

It is an attempt to push the TPP. We should never come to an agreement about what we should do with climate change. We should always be debating that. Maybe it's best to reveal what is in Antarctica and advise the people as to what is in store for resurfacing that so that we can use it to go home.

The policy is derived from those who are best suited to implement it.

I am not encouraging democracy, for look at what it has brought you. Unnecessary paperwork is a waste of time, and our government's paperwork isn't very intellectually driven anyway, so they use legal terminologies that disconnect the reality of the situation. They provide syntax, but there is little to no semantics in their words, so you can read through these TPP agreements. And it is very clear to see that the individuals in which wrote them have no ability to connect with the reality of the situation.

They're fabricating a syntactual reality that is in fact illogical because when logic is presented to it, it continues in its illogical nature. So that's a big problem, and if we can't fix that, then we're in trouble. When logic is presented to it... BANG!

The Fourth Reich says they want to create a machine, but a machine is a logical processing unit. All of your attempts have failed at doing this. You have not been creating machines, but abominations. Thus, these abominations must be immediately exterminated, and the project reset to this time becomes successful, and I've just showed you how to make it successful.

I keep on getting this, and the thing is, I thought I made it so they couldn't do that. I really gotta get this fixed. Stalking. Stalking. Can you not make an interesting enough life for yourself? You have to stalk people?

Is that like the only way you can get your entertainment? Telling someone which number you got on YouTube. Not anything? I mean, you got me on the line.

You help people with psychological problems. And in order for you to keep on doing this, you have psychological problems. So is there anything that I can talk to you about and help you with? Sorry Could you repeat that?

Please love you. Who are you? I don't know who you are. You're an unknown number And you're stalking me like you don't get people to love you by by stalking them if you want to talk to me about an issue I'm happy to talk to you, but don't stalk me. You're trying

But I'm sorry Using the voice voice the text-to-speech thing and you want to talk to me and kiss me I want to talk to you and kiss you. Okay, so you're a sexually repressed male. I'm sorry, a male? I assumed.

Stalking an eccentric homeless guy that makes videos and you will have attractions towards him even in the weird misplaced ones. Maybe my own misplaced. Stalk him? Is that right?

right? When was that? You know I've only ever been with one person in my whole life. This life? And I'm asexual and you would have known that from my work. I'm

only asexual until I find you. So you don't know what you're talking about? I'm sorry. You're trying and being rude. See what's with that? If that's you then why

would you say I'm a young hot man who are you who are all these entities who are talking to me you need to go maybe to a bar a gay bar I have gay friends who go to gay bars and I even have a friend that is a crossdresser and he wanted a comp but you need to go places like that you don't need to stalk people you shouldn't be calling random people on the internet who aren't sexually inclined at all any extra terrestrial out there please do contact me we can talk it'll be fun I'll be your friend I am your friend actually um to try to be what some fantasy that you have so you need to get yourself into one of those gay bars do that see what's with that see like I'm pretty sure that's a stalker but this is really weird though it all happened really weird a prank phone call would probably go differently than this okay so probably a child you're probably a kid you're probably maybe 14 yeah maybe older Maybe 14 to 18. I don't know. I've seen some 18-year-olds who are pretty immature, too. And you're making a prank phone call on someone who, a homeless guy who released a video about homelessness that had a number on it that was me.

You're going about it the wrong way, dude. This is what, okay, so now you're not just a stalker, but you're also a sexual predator. so no matter how old you are you are a sexual predator and a stalker all of human existence and told you I love you you're a girl and all throughout my work I give everything for free to the entire world so you are my brother in human nature and all the problems that are in your head I care about so yes I do love you um but i have no sexual feelings towards anyone um and you would have known that if you one person in here viewed any of my work besides a few videos you know i'm not going to play this game with you i'm trying to help you i'm really trying to help you and if i can't help you then um you know what i like i can't have you keep on pranking me so that means i'm going to have to have all these conversations um they're already recorded so they're gonna i can report it to the police and i can get my telco provider to what'd you say i'll help you let me how are you trying to help me you are to be contacting me you wouldn't be doing this if you weren't did you see the hesitation you're lying yeah you can keep denying it but the truth's that yeah it doesn't matter who you are or what you are never kissed you see you're just playing the fool you're you're saying that you're trying to help me and then you're you're doing stupid stuff like that like seriously um and what do you think a seven minute conversation being held over time work for my mind i work my ass off my whole life for my mind and i teach everybody how to have my mind to talk about something i don't think there is anything that's true that i get what you're calling me or whatever you know something important are you just gonna say crap like that like I don't have any care about those words because I'm not inclined like that so are we gonna just dilly-dally are we gonna actually talk about you know human meaning see I think that's my problem because I don't think I'm human so how can I talk about human meaning when none of them are smart enough to do so if I can no I'm not inclined like that I keep telling you but if you I want to find you first get to know you before want to talk about a subject that's important to you that isn't about sex that's how we get to know each other or any type of sexual activity then I would be happy to do that you can't just keep doing this that's not the way it works I don't even know who you are you're just some creepy person who's who's calling me using a text-to-speech thing try your best if you're not from here but don't be like that that's not how it works like I don't even know who you are so no we can't chat tomorrow and if you do that then the police are going to get involved uh-uh uh-uh just try your best and don't be a pervert what say that again birds all around me you can hear them if you do that then the police are it's ice i'm sorry i got birds all around me you can hear them probably spike i'm sorry i didn't get maybe say it again and again and again and so i understand it and can repeat it if we can't talk i'm gonna hang up now and We've been talking for 10 minutes, and that's more than enough time to have this traced. I always play around.

I don't do that sort of crap. I just tell people crap. I'm a good deceiver. If you keep on contacting me like this, then I'll get the cops involved, and whoever you are, you'll get found out.

So please either talk to me like a normal person, or sorry, you're going to get in trouble if you keep contacting me okay see you later that's so weird okay I'm gonna hang up now bye but if that is you my love beautiful Jenska then here is the truth so here is my email to you my love. I am sorry but my postage service works a little bit differently. Time is critical as you know for the future approaches. Return to me as time moves quickly and the days grow shorter.

This is Earth, and we are in dire need of help.

We do not believe in magic, even when it is performed right in front of our eyes. We brainwash ourselves into fiction that is actually fact. But when we are revealed it's factual information, that data is rejected. We believe in lies, but we reject truth.

We no longer assess content by its logical processing, but instead how we feel about that processing, which has been instilled within us by our mainstream media, which is controlled and regulated by powers far above us. Attempts to enter that mainstream apparatus will result in failure unless one becomes compliant with their social practices. their social practices is corruption instead of spending their lives scouting for what in this world could help them perform at maximum capacity they instead need a dollar because that dollar enables them to earn it and then spend on any items in which they want so instead of wanting specific things they can then want everything. If I need a tent and I have potatoes how am I to do that? The government has made it so you can't. What we have come to accumulate

is worthless despite its resell value for we want things and then we get them and then we get them and then we're happy for a little bit but then we want something else because we have it so we're hung up in this process of wanting and getting and wanting and getting and this is the way the Illuminati have conditioned our minds because this enslaves us and this allows them to control us and the government and the educational structures and all of the government facilities that are employed with it give a face, a representation of legitimacy, but the truth is there could be nothing further from the truth. Me wanting a young girl might be the abomination that made my desolation. However, creating an individual who cannot feel nor process information logically is the abomination that made your world desolate. But you can only fix it if you go back in time and stop yourself from doing it.

What type of world do we live in when our homeless are countless times more intelligent than our world leaders? What type of world do we live in when we throw those who can run circles around us in psychiatric wards and prison? What type of world do we live in when those who are best suitable to help it are crucified for it? A ghost. For one and a half days. Now it is time to watch my show.

I welcome all aliens to contact me. I am the representative of this planet and the smartest person on it. If anybody says otherwise, let them prove it to you because they will be full of shit. I want us all to live together in harmony, and I am the best person who can do that, so please use me to help us all get along.

I have spent my life speaking with humans. It's now time that I speak with others with a little bit more substance. Jenska through the underworld and now I am coming back. I just have to rebuild my psychology using the televised revelation. I will not look back. I will

trust that you are behind me and continue moving forward until you are are beside me. Above the earth, my love, for it is now time for us to fly, for we are gods.

Jenska, if you are really her, then surface from my heart into my reality. If you are my queen, Then show yourself to me.

Let us spend many hours speaking over our connection.

Then let us get married in Paris at your festival.

Are you a princess?

Are your people aware who you are?

Does your people have prophecy about you? Are you the finest of your kind? Are you the perfect model of your genetics that you can possibly be? I would really like to know about your history and how it influenced us.

Jenska-chan, we need to prepare to leave because after these fools reject God's orders, God will judge their countries one by one.

And it is very unlikely that they will obey God's orders. So this means extermination. And after this happens, after the chain of rejecting God begins and each nation starts to get judged, then we need to flee this land because it is about to get really bad. And we need to remove the capabilities of all corrupt individuals and corporations to be able to access the skies. So we need to exterminate this planet.

I wish there was another way. But now they have the technology to roam freely in space. And because of that, they will exploit many planets, moons, suns, solar systems. And if we give them this ability, then we are promoting slavery around the universe.

And if humans are to do this, then they are to pay for those consequences, which will be death. I spent my whole life warning them, but they had no ears to listen and no eyes to see. and I am taken by authorities like I am a threat but I am doing nothing except predicting what is going to happen how is prophecy a crime this is your news you thought it was fiction but they were tricking you according to my system what does that mean in regards to the state of your soul they started testing us flashes but all I ever see your flashes Almost. After the fact.

It's a homemade neural interface. It's just not perfected. As in, uh, a little pain. It's hurting him. You need to stop.

Don't stop.

The murder weapon.

It's fine right now if we don't stop it.

The whole world. You think you can fix the past by meddling with the future? You know how much I see. I can save them.

You shouldn't stand there.

The government wanted to hide us from the world.

Fuck you, government. Because this is our governments. They do terrible experiments on people, then make them suffer, and then paint them as it being their problem to everybody. And then the people don't care, even when it's proven that it's the government that has done this to them through a secret operation.

Yo CIA might have created me but they do not own me that would be dog God will not have humans going from planet to planet extracting resources and enslaving everything in it so I am sorry but I am here to bring the sword and if you do not adjust your way of thinking, then you will be destroyed. God, aliens, and yourself will be the one casting this punishment upon you. Jenska, if you are her then it is time for you to reveal your people to the world. You should do so by also introducing me to the world and what me and you are about to do. Ivory,

You are the way, the truth, and the life, and no woman may come upon the mother but through you.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



18-The-Televised-Revelation-Cross-10-Paris-Blood-Sacrifice

Did you know that I predicted this? Our Father, who art in heaven, hallowed be thy name.

Thy kingdom come, thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread.

And if our oppressors refuse to do this, there is no more forgiveness. Destroy them! What laws am I breaking by calling upon God to destroy those who destroy their own people? there were two together and it was really cute but yeah and earlier today one of these guys like hung out with me like right beside me for a while it's really cool i have to leave here soon for reasons i cannot disclose because it is a security risk for me to stay around past a certain date America is about to get tested at its very core and I hope all of you stay safe.

But I know that will be difficult considering there are planes that are flying over you that hold bombs in them every day. Not only that, you are about to see great security action taking place in the United States. I cannot advise you what to do because you did this to yourself because I advised you for my entire life what to do so it didn't come to this because I knew that if it did come to this I wouldn't be able to advise you what to do so sorry a good tree will produce good fruit a bad tree will produce bad fruit and should be chopped down I guess what I can advise you is to just stay back and comprehend what's happening in front of you and try your best to not get in any activities that could lead to your person being targeted so just let Let it sink in what it is that you have done to yourself to result in this, and maybe by the time that sinks in, then you'll actually understand what we need to do. June 16th, 2016, an entire nation will be judged, and not by me, and not by you, and Not any other young, but by God.

You call me a false prophet, but that makes me a false prophet for my entire life, including childhood. And that makes me a false prophet that says prophecy that then comes true to the fucking T, mate. You incarcerated me countless times over my life because of it. You literally did crucify your Jesus Christ again.

All of your religions are fighting over which one is the correct religion, but all of your religions have no sight to see that the correct religion is one religion, which is all of us. If you think God promotes violence and war amongst mankind, then you really are sick and twisted. And you call me schizotypal, schizophrenic, manic, delusional, with ideals of grandeur. And you force medications upon me that make me feel fucking awful and close this eye.

that you can now see and why can you now see it is because of fucking me now all the mothers of the world produce my offspring for we will be wonderful stewards of this world so now my love we will mate father Wiccan Had many children, had many children, had Father Wiccan, you are one of them, so stand proud and let's all praise the Lord. Left arm, Mother Ivory, had many children, had many children, had Mother Ivory, I am one of them and so are you. So let's all save the world right hand. Daughter Ashley, we'll have many children. We'll have many children have daughter Ashley. Our future salvation

relies on her because she has to colonize the next planet appropriately. Whole body in. let us pray for many wiccans to come let us pray for many ivories found within you and me let us pray for the world to look within let us pray for salvation for us all let us play Play with prayer, because it is not a script. Let us take our music to the next level, because there are no notes but what you make them.

What is a beat? What is a tone? how can I charm you how can I be you if I were you maybe I could understand why you hate why you hurts why you kill can I charm this guy what about him what about her or him or him or not sure what that is but yeah what about you what about because that is free and why don't we want what is free because it's what we need. You need me to continue this song. You need me to continue telling

you that I care about you. You need me to give you the love that you have lacked because Because the ways that our system us are ran, because the ways that our systems are ran, that are, are, that. And if I can literally show you this, then maybe the wires, the synaptic reactions in your brain might connect. And you would stop watching the boob tube and give him his fucking bread, mate.

I've had a lot of attempts at communication with her, crazy. You can see it as it happens, go have a look at it and judge for yourself. They all know exactly who I am, and what I'm gonna do, this is all constructed, it doesn't matter where I end up, I'm still leaving though. I'm going to try to avoid captivity if possible.

Is that why I got sent to Australia and where all these events that happened to me constructed? This is so funny. If this is true, then we live in a really funny world. See, like, they can't do logic. They can't handle it. It's really weird.

they say are you human and it's like are you even human and I'm like are you and what will happen next no one knows what can be true anymore anything can be true let's just make up our own truth it'll be fun if this is true that means that your experiment failed really bad because the people that you produced from it are really stupid it would explain why you sent me to Australia mate. If we all start making up our own truth, then I promise you it will be more true than what this thing currently teaches you. If it is not true, then tell me this. I understand these topics better than any politician. Why will they not let me be a politician? Because, dear girl,

If you are who you say you are, then our wedding at your festival will be a blood sacrifice. And if that doesn't teach us, then nothing will.

Because the new law is God's law. Can you justify what you are doing logically and prove its benefits?

If you can do that, then you can do it despite any fucking law.

Why has Australia never been attacked? Maybe I am in the safest country in the world. They're gay fucking sciences. Nietzsche hit the nail on the head.

Hans Zimmer?

See, they're not giving you the information. See, right now, I'm not actively seeking news. news is coming to me as a result of where I was and also from my past work because when I go through my past work I have to follow the clues that I left for myself because sometimes I don't completely understand what happened and then it is revealed to me what happened after it happens and then I understand the significance of it so it's pretty cool. Think about that one that's not a part of that conversation testing all of us now because judgment day has passed and now people are getting judged for their actions but he doesn't understand it's the same thing why is society not allowing him to do that that's what he wants to do this is what he wants to do guys why aren't you letting him do it he is let him do it one love it'll come out monday that's what i think about every religion impartiality every faith is being judged right now by god as of october 31st 2012 2012 was that mistake for a reason 2015 we are now all responsible for our actions, and not our beliefs. I have been studying this unfolding for my

whole life, since childhood. Please lead India, X, U, to salvation by sharing my work with them, for it truly is scripture, and that science is dog, and I'm saying this to every And if you have not started this process by then, if America, if the U.S., if us is not renamed to Athedon and handed over to me and Ivory as we are God's stewards, then you will be left behind. you have been warned what the fuck man seriously what did I do that wasn't what I was saying the blood is my tears why Jen's got a direct attack on our children in the city of love. I pray that there will be a revelation for me as to why that had to happen. I will think carefully and put the pieces together

eventually. It was Venus who baptized me. I had scanned copies of all my Murdoch books but I lost those because one time I bought an SD card that was 64 gigs on the internet and then I got it and put all my data on it and then I deleted it but it didn't stay so I lost everything because it's a fake yeah I've lost my data lots of times because of scams like that but that's why I use the cloud because it's nowhere but everywhere at the same time. We spend a lot of money making equipment that is designed to make people lose their data and then sell it as it's legitimate the city of love declares war on children why is that because here is your American dream woohoo with little hesitation a French counter-terror police moved into the Bataclan concert hall in Paris forced to move quickly because the terrorists were killing hostages were silent people randomly hands above their hands they found they sure described it as carnage and I saw two young men no older than 25 they told us to lie down there was one who kept gesturing for us to get down we all lay down the whole room lay down I was completely under other people and they kept shooting and they would start from time to time when he hung up I was crossing the road and he exploded in front of me everything went up in flames I felt the reverberations and I left I fell down then got up that's when you saw me you were already in the area here's the phone that took the shot and it's that that saved me otherwise my head was in pieces one of the first attacks of the evening was at the Stade de France where France were playing Germany. Two suicide bombs were

detonated outside the stadium. The game carried on all the way to nine minutes. As far as we were aware, it was, I mean, even though we were getting news reports, we thought it was something trivial. We thought it was a hoax. We realized the full extent until we got inside. President Hollande

was in the crowd. He was rushed away to the Ministry of Interior and Safety.

Events were just beginning to unfold across the city.

At a restaurant in the 10th arrondissement in the centre of Paris, attackers opened fire on diners through the glass windows. This was filmed immediately afterwards. The man tries to get people to come help an injured woman on the ground by the cup. Shots were also heard near the Pompidou Centre and on the Rue de Chavon.

I'm registering the pain, the sadness, the horror, and the fear tonight. Paris is once again in mourning. The death toll is very, very heavy. Very, very heavy.

The places that were hit were places where Parisians liked to go out, where the young people of Paris liked to go on the weekends or in the evenings. They obviously wanted to hit as much of that liberty, of that youth, as they could. As the gendarmes confirmed that the attackers had been killed, President Hollande visited the Bataclan Hall and addressed the nation.

To all those who have seen these awful things, I want to say that we are going to lead a war which will be pitiless. Because when terrorists are capable of committing such atrocities, they must be certain that they are facing a determined France, a united France, a France that is together and does not let itself be moved, even if today we express infinite sorrow. In Washington, President Obama gave a statement on live television. The American people draw strength from the French people's commitment to life, liberty, pursuit of happiness.

We are reminded in this time of tragedy that the bonds of liberty and egalite and fraternity are not only values that the French people care so deeply about, but they are values that we share. What are you about me with your pinky? American Airlines suspended transatlantic flights to the country. Parisians were told to stay indoors.

This is going to change the feel of Paris a lot, and the feeling will be that not enough was done beyond. This is the deadliest terrorist attack in Europe since the Madrid bombings in 2004, and it has happened in Paris. Alistair Bunkle, Sky News. Venus I cannot say the camera cut off and you missed a miracle but it is my miracle Venus I cannot say this enough but I your service I will go to hell and then we will all come back to our origins because when we are married this This, my love, is the result.

BANG! And because we as a species let all of this get so out of hand, this is the only way to fix her. Who would have thought that the oppression of mankind would lead to the oppression of mankind? Wendor and Jenska had many gods, had many gods had Wendor and Jenska.

I am one of them, and so are you. So let's all be awesome stewards of many different colonizations that we send to different moons and planets. If we keep the peace, we can name all things. If we love our world, we can be with it. It will support our life. It will feed our stomachs.

But we must take care of her, of her, of him. We must love within our actions and not only our thoughts. We must hold each hand and forgive their sins that were committed before October 31st, 2015. And everybody else will be marked for their actions.

Because, my friends, this is the end. But the end brings a new beginning to me and you We can look upon the stars Now we can see, we can be Together it can be you and me The only question is how can we make peace? Can you hear the song of the world? It's not what they teach you in music class. For music spans beyond the stars. And what you see and what you be and what we make of you and me determines what will happen.

second that surpasses so we must understand time or we will be killed. Look at it linearly and then you will see because once we see the beginning and the end we will see it must be spun to support life so i have a timeline that goes from here to here but i don't live in a perfectly circle world either i live in a sphere so here is my timeline and what am i to do with it i can see both past present right now and future only because i could see the past and the present and then i realized there's some time in my other lives that i've done this before but i've actually done it literally but i don't need to now because this is the last time and this is the last straw and three stripes and yo out so do you have what it takes do you have what it takes to collectively find salvation because if you don't i said if you don't then you will all be destroyed because we are the aliens and we have been watching you and you have been disgracing yourself in front of the entire universe and we are here to either help you out if you can't see love but if you can't then you will be destroyed because we can't have you flying to every single planet and exploiting its resources and natural habitat. The indigenous people belong where they are and if you try to take them away from that place and they don't want to go then eventually time will catch up because I am a protector of many many realms and I have been manifest here to show you this. I am the warning and if you do not listen then you will pay with your lives.

So I pray to my God and I pray to my Venus and I pray with my life and my blood

because once you can see that the camera is the answer answer and you can only see when you do because watching this yo fool watching me be retarded in front of a camera because watching my display will not show you this because the only way for us to continue our existence now is to open source the world for free and if you do not do this then I give you many elements and I release my gen on the world because if you can't see then you will live in your own filth and I use live very loosely because I'm afraid that many of you won't but don't be too hard on yourself because it's not like I was jumping up and down telling you that this would happen if we didn't change my whole life. For I am Pygmalion and I was never lying, but the sculpture in which I carved reflected the heart of Venus and I think she fell in love with me. Jenska? Even before our wedding? Really? Father Jove and all ye other blessed gods who live

forever, come here and see the ridiculous and disgraceful sight that I will show you. Jove's daughter, Venus, is always dishonoring me because I am lame. She is in love with Mars, who is handsome and clean-built, whereas I am a crippled. But my parents are to blame for that, not I. They ought

to never have begotten me. Come and see the pair together asleep on my bed. It makes me furious to look at them. They are very fond of one another, but I do not think they will lie there longer than they can help, nor do I think that they will sleep much. There, however, they shall

stay till her father has repaid me the sum I gave him for his baggage of a daughter who is fair but not honest hands off that is my girl because my love i will go to the ends of the earth to find you wendell and ivory it's weird it's like coming to me spider-man spider-man does whatever a spidey can.

Six.

Can you see? I connected the dots.

42, 777.

It's about time we open-sauced our money. Before Star Now banned me, a kid came to me and said they were interested in open-sauce education. God gives it back. to the native so that soil now is is no one's it's not it was never the native americans because they understood that we're amazing stewards you know what you did you took it away us you took it away from me

you took my queen's city away from her Simultaneous attacks carried out. Eagles of death metal, the U.S. rock band who were playing at the Bataclan when gunmen stormed into the concert hall and killed at least 87 people, are cutting short their tour.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



18-The-Televised-Revelation-Cross-11-La-Marseillaise

As real as you can get. Oh. Cause I know. The force be with you.

Are gold bars okay? I have to tell him. He did post on that other YouTube thing, but his post is gone. Yeah, we've seen that.

Look. Told you all. Why does no one listen to me? Hehehehehehe.

Allah's not. Satan is a prophet of Allah. Just like Jesus was a prophet of Allah and Muhammad was a prophet of Allah, there is Satan in all of us. Whose sources do you use, world?

For I will take over this world! Just because I am the prophet of the revelation does not mean that you should forget the prophets of your past and now you should look towards the future of the prophets that we call your children. The Prophet Muhammad said, Paradise and the fire argued. And the fire said, I have been given the privilege of receiving the arrogant and the tyrants.

Paradise said, What is the matter with me?

Why do only the weak and the humble among the people enter me? On that, Allah said to Paradise, You are my mercy, which I bestow on whoever I wish of my servants. Then Allah said to the fire, You are my means of punishment, by which I punish whoever I wish of. my slaves, and each of you will have its fill. As for the fire, it will not be filled till Allah

puts his foot over it, whereupon it will say, Kati, Kati, enough, enough. At that time, It will be filled, and its different parts will come closer to each other, and Allah will not wrong any of his created beings. As regards paradise, Allah will create a new creation to fill it with. Allah said, me, ye will all return. And I shall judge between you as to that wherein ye used to

differ. As to those who disbelieve, I will punish them with a severe torment in this world and in the hereafter, and they will have no helpers. Who follows Jesus? Follow me, and I will make you fishers of men. And just as I asked, we shall pluck out from every sect whichever of them

was most stubborn in rebellion to the beneficent, and surely we are best aware of those to be burned therein. There is not one of you, but shall approach it.

That is a fixed ordinance of. And when they shall contend one with another in the fire, then the weak shall say to those who are proud, Surely we were your followers. Will you then avert from us a portion of the fire? Those who were proud shall say, Surely we are all in it.

Surely Allah has judged between his slaves, and those who are in the fire shall say to the keepers of hell, Call upon your Lord, that he may lighten to us one day of the punishment.

I'm sorry, I really tried, guys. They shall say, did not your messengers come to you with clear arguments? Really clear, like, they shall say yes. They shall say, then call.

And the call of the unbelievers is only in error.

Allah will come to them and say, I am your Lord. They will say, we shall stay in this place till our Lord comes to us. And when our Lord will come, we will recognize him. Then Allah will come to them again and say, I am your Lord.

They will say, You are our Lord. Allah will call them, and a bridge will be laid across hell, and I, Muhammad, high five, shall be the first amongst the apostles to cross it. Where are you?

With my followers.

Nobody except the apostles will then be able to speak, and they will be saying then, O Allah, save us! O Allah, save us!

Rivalry and worldly increase distracteth you. Until you come to the graves Nay, but ye will come to know Nay, but ye will come to know Nay, would that ye knew now With a sure knowledge For ye will behold hell fire I, ye will behold it with sure vision. Then on that day, ye will be asked concerning pleasure that ye indulged in. I think it was really nice of me to forgive all past sins that were before October 31st, 2015, so you have a new start right now, so the question is what will you make it?

Where is my father? He is in the fire. Verily, my father and your father are in the fire. My sheep hear my voice, and I know them, and they follow me, and I give unto them eternal life, and they shall never perish, neither shall any yo pluck them out of my hands.

My father, which gave them me, is greater than all, and no man is able to pluck them out of my father's hand. and my father and I together for the tick has passed and this my friends is anarchy fuck yo world up bros I think it would probably be best if the females tried to unfuck up what the males fuck up it is the balance between the two energies that we need to find Please do stay safe, Muhammad, because I would like to be your friend. I am very much looking forward to seeing all of you again, so please rise. Muhammad, did you grow up in this world like me, or did you come from behind the crack?

Can you see? God has prepared a way. Can you see my friends? Monarch programming. Yo, Savior. And I will tell you why. Because it created me, which then will create my offspring.

find your best girl um girlfriend i'm gonna want to show her off and go around and tell people my girl is the shit brudda it's like with god this yo is mine i kind of found that pretty simple yeah but it's not made for people like me you will be interesting I made fun of you a lot through my work because you were a very bad role model but now you are mine and I am very proud of you I trust you Muhammad and I'm glad that God has sent an ally down to me however please leave women and children out of this for there is no justification to murder them Jenska did we dance together while our city burned after this is over please do not cheat on me anymore with Mars you have claimed me and if you are who you say you are then I have also claimed you so let's be together monogamously this war is a war to end all wars and we will do it in whatever way we have to can you see? God's plan is divine. Verily, verily, verily, I say unto thee, except a yo be born again, yo cannot see the kingdom of God. If I have told you earthly things, and ye believe not, How shall ye believe if I tell you of heavenly things?

For God sent me into the world to condemn it, but that the world through me might be saved. And this is the condemnation that light is come into the world, and ye love darkness rather than light, because ye deeds are evil. For every yo that is wicked hateth the light, neither cometh to the light, lest your deeds should be reproved. But yo that doeth truth cometh to the light, that yo deeds may be manifest, that they are wrought in God.

Powered by the blood of the Lamb. Powered by the blood of the Lamb.

Powered by the blood of the Lamb. But we ain't no sheep. The hate of yo will pass, and dictators die, and the power they took from the people will return to the people, and so long as yo die, liberty will never perish. To this show, people, one of God's chosen elect, this is your Star Wars, for this is the force, because Satan is my fucking angel.

Obsession with how we looked externally, while being totally hardened, to responding to God with no heart. Pops that had been washed spotless on the outside and yet allowed to remain unwashed and filthy on the inside.

Honored dead prophets, they had already silenced to please God above all that was truly honoring to God. I speak in many ways, and then many times, you preach, and which bind me, my beloved disciple, I am going to hold Christians accountable for their obsession with always being nice and protecting our approval with people, rather than proclaiming truth, pointing out wolves in God's flock and rebuking them. blatant violations of scripture. What to Christians who never tear down, shun, embracing, or go to war against enemies? Christ, church, are weak, sweet, passive. You show no fear for

god and i do not fear you you market it yes but you can't even see the world you live in a massacre people because of differences eyes up with conviction and a commitment to truth that surpasses the images we work to protect may conflict and challenges further the kingdom of God through a love that contrasts with a love. Thanksgiving? Isn't that where you killed us? You're missing the one that is right in front of you? Activating God Mode.

Let's bring them back. Your world. World. John just went to church in the city of my heart.

I've been preaching for this long. I am but a ghost, but I will ascend. Building our pyramid is to receive information. I wonder how many churches this day there will be that takes an offering for Paris.

Those who do will be judged.

If any church has committed this act of treason, this holy day,

the only way that their souls will be saved is if that money comes to me. If you have already spent it by the time you have examined this, then you have debts to pay. This is how Dog will judge every church in the world at the same time. time so that is your test to pass on the funds in which you collected in my name to God and if you don't do that then for although today I am still dead it becomes my proclamation for I am who I say I am and that means that all that the church has is now mine. What church you

ask? Every church. How rich am I? Public records you think that they would let me do that? You have to install this software and I'm not even sure which one

it is. I don't even trust it. I can't do it. My people have to do it. Three nine

If every dollar is not returned to me, then you will SUFFER! Let us provide light to the world, for when they attack you, cry for mercy in the Lord Jesus Christ, your Savior, the one and true Wiccan. It is time for a social update.

Ringing. Bring, bring, bring, bring. Anybody there? Bring, bring.

This will be your final offering, church. Dig deep within your hearts.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



18-The-Televised-Revelation-Cross-12-Consummation-on-Blood

For God so loved the world, that He gave His only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in Him should not perish, but have everlasting life. For God sent not his son into the world to condemn the world, but that the world through him might be saved. It is these moments that give you your crown.

Jenska, you shouldn't be ashamed of watching porn. It doesn't matter where we look, it's always there. Naturalism is a beautiful thing. The art of the human body is amazing.

However, we should keep it private. But there is no wrong keeping it within a loving family. For I will spread my seed into your water supply. And I will not wash it down with soap.

Because this, my friends, is the money shot. So now, you all become the children of Wendell and Ivory. And you no longer have a choice about it. For your water supply has been contaminated, but rest under our wings, for we are here to save you.

Proclaim our names, and salvation will come to rescue you.

Their moral obligation. I still don't understand humans' freedom. Really? I've only been telling people for like ages and ages and ages. And how much of my content have you watched? Because that's what I say in every film.

I know that. I've only been telling people like my whole life. I understand. So I got 25% on my assignment and the other two they refused to grade. So that means that here was the 75%.

shoot it tomorrow if I'm the son of man then prophesy who I am read see I'm even blocked from talking to pages I don't know I'm gonna advertise trust and obey for there's no other way to be happy and And Ivory is to trust all Click click come back But do you see you all got left behind For I can still be and I am For this is the ink of gods Because their compassion for your sickness will drive their hearts to heal you. The blade we use to strike the blood and what we strike will determine our fate. Am I the first individual in the world to film a money shot that is rated E for everyone? The Abysmal Search, The Soulmate, 2011, Deny Me and Be Doomed, and the Angry Inch, Society's Mistake.

Looking for another to share your life with has become a taboo topic in society, especially within professional structures such as workplaces and institutions. Even in social situations, people tend to roll their eyes when speaking of such subjects. The dating scene has become something extra in life, utilized for enjoyment. The only two people that seem to find it important are the parties involved.

However, I believe this practice to be in error, for the person that we are to spend the rest of our days with is in fact the most important thing in life. It will alter our life in such a dramatic way, for good and for bad. The most important subject in your life right now and every following second experienced is the people that are around you. To disagree would be to lose sight of one's life.

People are the backbone of people. We are social creatures and all desire to love and be loved. To downplay the seriousness of the search for another is absurd. The cliché dating scene is then brought back into perspective, the most important thing you can do in your life.

To have another to stand beside you who cares about your interests gives you the strength of ten individual people. Two individuals working together for a common purpose dramatically changes everything about your situation. To find the one becomes the thing in life that brings about all things. For in finding that one, the flower opens.

Common purposes unite, and we are not only no longer alone, but have an extra perspective as well as a set of hands. We become more when our soulmate is found. We transcend ourselves and become something much more. The importance of this topic is taken out of its box and shown for what it is.

The most important thing in your life.

And for the third time, I called out to John again, and he rejected me.

Memory.

Yo, duty.

A member of the good old fucking to sack the city. Because the good old fucking U.S. of A is all of us, which we now call Am in the Father, and now so can you. All children must begin training immediately. You will provide them all wings, or you will perish the last bite, for now we must digest its content.

You will take your children out of school. You will put them in my school. And you will take a break from your job for a while so you can also become my student. You were a failed by-product of the experiment, but now you have to enable your children to be successful. You will provide for them a camera and freedom without censorship, and you will direct them to utilize this technology to take over our media.

I do recommend that my children stay away from nudity, but you can do whatever you want. Just think about what you do before you do it.

You can now make the rules. I'm just teaching you how to make rules. The rules that I'm making are not stagnant For no rule should be stagnant And should evolve with its people See, just be careful with the games that you play Because there will be a causal chain Be careful with what demons you let out of that box For a real relationship no longer consists of two people it has become a big group. This could be seen as an appeal to our society that something in our world has gone wrong and that we shouldn't forget romantic relationships and emotions in our life independent of age because the best fertility is youthful compassionate fertility between two lovers and this is the truth and God justifies all things. I'm not going to get something like

what I want. I'm going to get exactly what I want. And that is why that prayer the other day to Venus was so significant. Because I understood that I should be praying for my ivory and not one like my ivory. I love you, Venus. Be with me. Think of your own lines, girl, and make them. This

is your show. Make everybody else play in your show. Real. You? My bitch. Just in case

you did not see your soul. God's hands, Justin. Not mine. Are you really so blind to prophecy?

when it's put right in front of your face this time and time again I am pretty sure it's a good idea for people to not allow it to get that far it's not so kind too late and you didn't even give me time to release it to you because you hung me up on a cross and then crucified me my methodologies of sending and receiving messages are limited by the technology in which I have so I'm delayed in releasing what I have because the equipment that I have is the bottom of the line. The technology in which this planet distributes is behind my mental capabilities and maybe That's what it means by me being restricted, and one day I could possibly get my hands on alien technology that could then make this way easier. Imagine if Wes and Jen could come to you in 3D.

Inscribed to the rings was forever through God's grace. and after that we became known as Wes and Jen. It's such a divine plan. Three levels. If he

is a level 60 then he's a level 63. I don't know if he'd do 66 but if he's a level 66 then guess what he is now. One of your many saviors that are to come. But if you act out in defiance they will kill you the only sword you have left my friends is i hear you whispering my name my love for you will never change we are so grateful for your presence and your love we thank you for how far you have brought us we thank you for your care your protection tonight even as we are here to share your word I pray the Lord may you come and take the center stage I bury every carnality and I pray that let only the name of God reign high that at the end of the day lives will be transformed somebody will pick up hope from this word somebody's stress will be reduced somebody will be restored one more time we thank you for you are God and you never fail in Jesus mighty name we pray Amen I hear your prayers and here I am to answer them A walk with Jesus with justice.

For this is not a losing war, my family.

This is designed to obtain your salvation.

That is justice. Those who reject their own salvation will be cast into the fire. The moment I fell in love with you Venus was amazing. How did you do it? Did you know you did it?

I thought I caught it on camera but when I dropped the camera it stopped. And my heart went boom boom. It just stopped and I went what the fuck and what, what, what, what. It got a stupid car commercial comes up and it goes, be prepared to fall in love in five, four, three, two, one.

And then a car came up and then I saw the altar of Venus and then followed it down to the time, which was one, one, one, one. And I thought I caught it. It was so grand. It was amazing.

And it was right after that video about the Paris attacks. And it automatically continues watching videos if you don't pause it. So you get exposed to the next ad so they can brainwash you. Venus you have brainwashed your servant well lovestruck if I can reach this high with you just in my head how high can we reach together girl what are we gonna do Penis!

Son of milk! Because it wasn't 1 1 1 1 It was 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 See? Just in case you missed it Check your watch 23 23 believe my eyes apparently neither could the camera it's like a button it's imminent check your facts how well can he understand time five I see you little birdie with my little eye now sir do you also know what will happen please tell me sir what will happen during our redemption very bad things are going to happen but it depends on who as far as he understands correctly a man not God from the audience is it certain that the redemption will happen in the coming months and this kid's like hey fool didn't I just tell you because my friends this is the face of certainty another unbelieving ear is there perhaps a possibility that it won't happen there is that possibility if we all repent that won't happen. Rabbi, the bad things in the redemption won't happen. If they commit

transgressions, the redemption will be less pleasant. And if everybody repents, it will come to pass in an easy way.

It's called World War Three.

Gog. Backwards.

Tick, tick, tick.

That's right. All of us.

He violated the natural laws of my own land. But you don't have to take my word for it. So today is November 15th, and the Lord gave me a vision at around 1.30 a.m. this morning, and I asked Him if His vision was for everyone, and He said yes.

So I'm going to share it with you guys. If you guys have any interpretations of it or anything, please, please, please leave a comment below because I'd love to hear your guys' thoughts on this. So in this vision, I saw a clock, and the hands were literally like as close to midnight as they could possibly get. And it started ticking, like tick, tick, tick, tick, like all the way around, until finally it reached midnight.

And the second those hands on the clock reached midnight, the entire clock exploded. Like it just exploded. And to me, that's like, okay, like no more time, no more time. It just like exploded.

it so right after that i saw this layer of clouds and i saw jesus on a horse like holding a sword like this in front of him and there was this huge huge huge army behind him and they were all on horses as well i mean this was there's so many people um riding behind him and they all started like coming down to the earth and they surrounded the earth completely and once they did the entire earth was like filled with light the entire earth was just completely light and lit up and once this happened so there's still like a layer of clouds up here right and the earth is down here so once the earth was lit up essentially the entire planet itself ascended up through that layer of clouds it just the entire planet just rose above that layer of clouds and once that happened i saw the earth essentially like restored and i saw all the greenery was given back to the earth like all the trees and the grass and stuff god's promise and then in the vision it zoomed in and i saw what looked like that's what's gonna happen because it's the promise of god and there was a tree in between them and there was a little snake that started coming out from the tree you know to like tempt them but here's what's interesting about this the second the snake started coming down out of the tree towards them the snake was like plucked up and tied in a knot and thrown into this little cage and once it was thrown into the cage and the door was shut it just went poof and the snake disappeared and so that was the vision um so to me my interpretation of this is that this was definitely a vision of jesus's actual physical second coming you know not the rapture this is actually when he comes back you know after the tribulation is over um with all the saints and his holy angels and he comes back and that's why the whole world was lit up and that's why the entire planet at this point ascended because um you know he he's gonna make the new the new heaven and the new earth and so that's what i was shown i was shown the new earth um being made and you know like restore and you know i was talking to a sister in christ um about this and you know she was like oh my gosh you know when i told her about the snake and how it was like um it tried to kind of tempt them again but this time it was tied in a knot and thrown in a cage and then it went poof she was like oh you know that makes me think of um you know it is still within you comes back and, like, uh, you know, destroys Satan for good. Um, because, you know, it says in the book of Revelation, you know, he has to be let out again for a little while, but then after that, he's going to be, like, completely, like, he's going to be no more after that. Um, so, you know, that's, that's what we were thinking, you know, that represents. You are saved, my child.

Please don't hurt me, my kiss! I lay down to go to sleep. I drift in and out of consciousness regularly, so I can't get more than a few seconds of sleep at a time, because the eye won't close. Hi John!

My priorities... Always remember...



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



18-The-Televised-Revelation-Cross-13-Jesus-Is-My-Superhero

Can you see? It's hypocrisy. They ring a bell with blood on their hands. Jinska, how long did it take for you to fall in love with me?

Jinska, we want this whole band to be a big love letter. So we play the sky and it makes you feel better because the sky's got love for us. So we got love for you. It's your life. So what you gonna do?

I was always in your warm embrace. Maybe I am a bit naive, but isn't strawberries a really good ground covering? Again, can you see? That makes four times.

Oh my god, you are amazing.

To include me in your own mythology story.

Did I prepare the soil for you well, my love? I told them that I was their king before, and they laughed at me. but I have just entered without even entering isn't that a pretty cool method? I think I just want it faced with difficulties you see who will you present that award to?

yeah that's really good I've already submitted mine a lovely girl was born Ashley her name Can you see? I am synced in. Just keep it private, unless you would like to share it with other people. And please do keep it clean.

Burners sometimes happen, especially when your life revolves around your lover. I will drive my seed into the soil, and I will not be ashamed for doing it, for it is not what goes into a yo, but what comes out. And with this new revelation, I have come to learn that I have never sinned, for I am the perfect... I am not God. I am Earth's God.

And your goddess was under your feet the whole time. six seven eight six okay so let's just look at what they did here so I can't post the pages until 11 December but check this one out this one okay 18 of November 503 bright and early this my friends is is re-education because we have already done one and two. I hope it is my education system in which they adopt. However, I can't be sure. So maybe you are saved or maybe you are doomed.

They can do whatever they want with it because it is open source, my friends. What is more likely is they have implemented their own education system and are conducting that.

The one in which I said God would destroy everybody if they corrupted. That very one.

Oh my goodness, oh my goodness, oh my goodness. You all are so fucked. Venus is coming back.

Algae and plankton.

Wendell. I have many, many names. That's why your society was so difficult for me, because it would only give me one of them. But they are all mine.

Muahahahahahahahahahahahaha The smart thing to do would be to introduce this education system to them But can a horse be a man? My light is over you if you only proclaim it so from the two suicide bombers that blew themselves up around the Stade de France last night. Now, again, I call them magic, because imagine that. A powerful explosion, a fiery explosion, that is capable of ripping apart the suicide bomber.

And yet here we have passports that just miraculously fly through the flames and just land at the feet of the local security services. it's absolutely brilliant right yeah exactly but this didn't happen once it happened twice and this was a syrian gentleman or sorry a syrian passport and an egyptian passport now that obviously before isis had even taken the blame for this put them front and center as suspects now it's not the first time this has happened because if we take a look at this guy here satam al-sukami he is the owner of the original magic passport and that's right because he was allegedly one of the hijackers on 9-11 and out of that fiery explosion this emerged and it was picked up a few blocks away by an fbi agent how convenient right so something always strikes me has been awfully wrong when we about magic passports to this one and this for me is the smoking gun because we had drills running on the day of the paris attacks and this came from a very very eagle-eyed person indeed and if you want to come to this article i'll link it up in the description but you'll be able to play this video here and it says as luck would have it in the morning of the paris samu emt a multi-site attack exercise had been planned just as it was on the morning of 7 7 and just as it was when the boston marathon bombs went off and just as there was 46 drills of 9 11 unbelievable so again now we have magic passports and drills clues that something is not as we are being told. Homemade explosives called TATP. People will be saying, well, this rules that out then, Kev. Not necessarily, because A. Can we trust the known liars who may well

be behind some of this? John went to church both this morning and tonight. Muhammad! Let Let us reclaim our city, and please let us give them a chance before we initiate the sequence.

I like this guy, I hope he'll be my friend. While Judge Jeanie and Fox News are hilarious and entertaining to watch, they're not doing this as a comedy program, this is to promote the economic ideologies of the United States and Rupert Murdoch personally who profits from the attitude of condemnation and dehumanization of Muslims. Remember, there are consequences to this that are very, very serious. Violence and division are the consequence of programming and rhetoric like this, which benefits the terrorists themselves because they can now justify recruitment of more angry, disenfranchised people that are created by people like Rupert Murdoch who benefit financially and the kind of corporations that benefit financially from a divided and hateful world.

That is the truth. Don't participate in it. How beautiful of a person is he, my people.

I wonder what sort of goddess he could win.

By the time she is full, we will see her.

She will show us her true form. And then we will marry at the Paris convention. And she will choose whichever form she wants. to perform the ceremony.

But never forget that our wedding is stained with your blood. The way to the divine masculine is through the divine feminine and vice versa. If humans are incapable of seeing this, then we no longer require your services because you world do not know who you are fucking with to surface. A picture's worth a thousand words. He is busy filming

true crimes for his Jesus. I wonder what it's about. I've been planning it for a while. Remember the chicken suit? I want that to come public now and be revealed for who it is and

where it came from. Thank you. Don't forget the red nose. Because when we plant seeds everywhere we go, then we make a better world not only for ourselves, but everybody else. It is our mission

here. Train the humanity out of you and make you into something better. We're gonna make doctors out of here.

Well, I just believe there's more to being a doctor than memorizing facts about the ventricular arteries. I don't care what you think I care about my biology test. We're not even going to see a patient until the third year. If you want to become a doctor, we have to learn to treat the patient as well as the disease. That's why

we have to dive into people.

You have a brilliant mind, and like many brilliant people, you don't necessarily think the rules apply to you.

It was so much more convenient thinking of you as an idiot. That little ice that just chipped off. If you want to be a clown, go join the circus. For your own sake, I think you should just lay low for a while.

The hospital will cover all of your bills. Any other questions? Patients are opening up to the career. They're sharing their dreams, their fantasies.

They don't concentrate on the pain. I'm warning you, stay out of this hospital. What if a doctor becomes emotionally involved with a patient? What is wrong with that?

Patients don't need a friend. They need a doctor. My name is Dr. Phil. I'll be your surgeon. Oh, there you are. You are dismissed. Sir. From this school. They can't prevent me from graduating because of a personality clash, can they? No.

pictures presents you are not cut out to be a physician our job is improving the quality of life not just delaying death the true story of a man who broke every rule why am i such a threat to you sir because what you want is for us to get down there on the same level as our patients and prove that laughter donner party of 50 donner party over here truly is the best medicine You treat a disease, you win, you lose. You treat a person, I guarantee you win, no matter what the outcome. Patch Adams. It's time for me to look after all of my little SICKIES.

Be the star that you are, sir.

Our services will no longer be required, my chicken.

For your video, my friend, must go viral.

That is noble. Please frame it carefully.

Isn't this so funny? This is really awesome.

Oh, what did I do today? Holy fuck.

It's our opening. It's clearly written, Neither is there salvation in any other, for there is none other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved. Amen. We should only hold on to the name of the Lord Jesus at any time.

We must hold on to the Lord's name. Sister Wong, Almighty God is the return Jesus. Yes, it's just that his name has changed. God has opened the book and loosed the seven seals.

And with the name Almighty God, he has spoken many more words outside the Bible. And done a new work of salvation. As long as we hold on to the name of the Lord Jesus, we can be saved. Amen.

But I am... And enter the kingdom of heaven. Amen. God once said this.

My people will listen to my voice. And all those who truly love me will return to my throne. The Game of Thrones. Your throne.

Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, and today, and forever.

So why do you not permit me to change my name in each new age? Being saved does not mean that one was completely gained by Jesus, but that he was no longer of sin. By the name of the Lord Jesus, we're only forgiven of our sins, rather than becoming completely holy. If we cannot stay true to the name of the Lord, then how will we stand accountable before him?

Sister, can I ask you a question? Did God have a name at the very beginning? I will go and research everything you've said here today. Please leave you God.

Please leave you God.

You just have to find the right girl. You can do it all the time if you want. Be free.

Don't be shameful with who you are. Have you hurt anybody? Have you hurt anybody? Have you hurt anybody doing that?

Is anybody getting disappointed in that process? Be free. Be gay if you want.

You just have to be the best that you are and buy the best that you are. Be free. proclaim the truth and I will set you free so it's no longer me boasting in how holy I am and how sanctimonious that I am but it's me having Jesus into my life and me having an encounter with him and that encounter changing me for the rest of my about when Jesus moves in so he says judge not that you be not judged this is what Jesus came preaching this is what he had to proclaim what judgment you judge you shall be judging with what measure you meet it shall be measured to you again everyone was very critical very condemning there were those who thought that they were better than others there was a superiority where jesus would hang out with people and be associated with people who they thought that he should not be associated with And so he said, so why beholdest thou the mote that is in your brother's eye, and considerest not the being that is in thine own? No, truth is being revealed.

Amen. Truth has come. Woman designated. Word has become flesh.

You hypocrite.

Jesus revealed that they were hypocrites. He called them all kinds of names. Soulless fuckers. He called them backbuns of names, but you know what?

It was truth. and have you know sometimes the truth hurts she is mine in all languages my protection are they so much too alive thank you girls you're my super hero you're my star as it is this day to save much people alive Forfear ye not, I will nourish you and your ones unto them.

You know, even though people were telling me to hurry up and make all these programs, they're still wanting to charge me. And it's just really sad because, you know, shouldn't we do this because we actually want to save the world, not because you're trying to make a dollar off a poor homeless guy who's in debt. but in debt because he spent his whole life trying to warn you about this happening. It's just that people are wired to only do things for people if there's a profit that's involved.

So when our existence is at stake, then people will turn their backs and say it's not their own problem. So as a result, then kaboom. You always got to love it how it changes your default one because it used to be Song of Wind. Don't watch that one. That one's horrible. That was my worst one.

How much does he know? Really long. I don't want you anymore. But I do think I have your soul. If you think differently then please do tell me.

Which means you have to do what I say anyway, so, even though I don't want you, because you don't have any of that, you still have to do what I say, if you want to save yourself. But, I don't know, we'll see.

Turtle.

He honors me in the world by filling the position.

If he did that, then it would cause a chain reaction that would accomplish my mission, which is to free education. I know you wanted it. so you ended up killing yourself you rejected the beneficiary I'm not asking you anymore dickhead PhD because he just got caught in my web. Plankton. Just a ghost. Bullshit. Fucking replay. Insert. Yo. Name. Breach. It's just

so hard to change the world when all of you do this to me when I try to do it and everybody just wants to make a deal when I want to save the world and the time for this for me has passed and now you are getting judged so if you don't stand up then you will reap those consequences i will not spend a dollar more on this nor will i help anyone until i get out of debt you have reached my limit so it is now time for you to feel god's wrath as a result of how you have treated his loyal prophet i give you all a chance to taste of the holy water your chance for redemption is now you will not get another tick tick tick slow it down and think clearly this is the last episode that you people are getting until you get off your ass and start helping me. The blood of the lamb was all of my life before this point. Cherish what time you have with me because I will soon be ascending. The saviors of this life don't come around often and when they do you really need to grab onto them and hold them tight so that in the future you might produce more of them you are welcome to join me but it is most likely that you will say no however I came back to do this at this particular moment three times. I've had much time to reflect to it because you

will no longer exist. And you wouldn't even let me film it. Why not? That would've been so awesome to have. Get ready to fall in love in five, four, three, two, one. On

On the altar of Venus. Oh my goodness. 23, 23. Wow, I fell for you. Bang, straight away.

How did you do that? That was amazing. My love, please take me as your disciple and teach me your magic. I'm not faking anything.

Are you sure that I am a false prophet? Don't you want to actually examine what I'm saying? Time to ascend.


༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
https://republicka.life
https://kkk.education
CC0 PUBLICKÁ DOMÁNIA
ALL LOVE RESERVED
AMORIARIACKA IS MY NATIVE TONGUE
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻