༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
📺 Ivory Heart III 📺
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻

December 6, 2015


Having failed to summon his bride on the impossible date of November 31st, the prophet abandons the world of men and takes to the road. In the third and most visceral testament of the Ivory Heart cycle, Wendell Charles NeSmith flees the cities that imprisoned him, sheds his last possessions, and drives toward Black Mountain—Australia’s haunted, granite heart—where he will climb without water, speak to the sky, and beg Venus to drag her divine presence up from beneath the earth. What remains is not another warning but an exodus: police stops on empty highways, a tent pitched at the edge of nowhere, a camera that keeps running even as the batteries and the body fail. He no longer predicts the end; he is living it.

This is the apocalypse as one man’s documentary war against a world that refuses to look. Long, rambling, and littered with celestial anomalies, Ivory Heart III moves through survivalist cooking and stolen tarps, hacked accounts and deleted posts, as Wendell performs the lonely rites of his own death and rebirth. He is robbed, stopped, censored, and ignored; he feeds the wild animals while human beings steal from him. Intercut with the raw pilgrimage is the gathered evidence of a civilization devouring itself: false-flag massacres, drone testimony, the occult machinery of the deep state, the flat-earth heresy, the children sold and sacrificed beneath official architecture. Through it all, he refines his strange liturgy—reaping thousands of souls by e-mail, claiming the word pedophile in its ancient meaning, declaring himself both Jesus and the antichrist, the last Spartan standing between the human race and the consequences of its own corruption.

It ends as a marriage vow and a funeral dirge sung over the whole species. The mountain, he says, was the hardest climb of his life; the vision at its summit may have been demons entering moons, or the opening of a bridge. He has completed his task, emptied himself, and placed the future in the hands of a goddess who never calls back. Yet he does not turn into stone or back toward the city: he sends his final 777 letters, pronounces judgment, and waits, a self-proclaimed immortal, for either the bride or the bullet. Ivory Heart III is both an Odyssey and a suicide note—an unsparing, nearly unbearable record of what it means to be chosen by a world that never once stopped spitting in your face.


------


20-Ivory-Heart-III-Take-01-I-Escape-from-Hell

Thank you very much. Please um, yeah, please don't oppress people. Please save the children!

Daniel was a spy. Surprise! I already knew that.

I've been going for a few hours already. Love you, Venus. See you soon.

All the way across town!

Dude, this is mine a Jenna song. It's funny, I had to Indian give this car, but I gave him everything else I had. That includes the spy. Mention 96.5 to receive an additional free pickup on annual prepaid packages.

It's like right over me. For just someone ditching their car, I wonder what happened.

We continue our journey. Under the second round of the Australian golf open, the NRL has unveiled its television rights broadcast deal, This time I have liquids. I would have bought a lot of water but they didn't have that. I need a tent.

They did not have any two or three men tents left. So let's continue our journey. What a beautiful world. Heaps of lighting.

It's awesome. That's not the right time. I'll show you the right time. I went out back he's lighting when you have pretty crazy deluxe super car wash oh my goodness look at this crowd wow I've never seen such conditions wow this is so much cooler than a game what are you guys doing I'm playing the awesome game I'm the one actually playing a game wow man thou shalt light my path it says it's a reasonable estimate hell crazy man she was going knee-deep in water but there was nowhere to go but forward pump up yo world every individual who was ever involved in my life has leeched off me and I have never leeched off anybody else. And every single time, without fail, they stab me in the back. I have no fear of Black

Mountain. I fear humans. I don't have a single person who I can trust in my life. Time to continue this trip. Aquaplaning is really fun, but it's a little bit scary because then you might

die. It's the rude love life. The cops thought I was crazy for saying I was Jesus and they tried to admit me to a psychiatric hospital with lots of different techniques but I outlogicked everything they said because their words didn't make any sense but by the end of it half of them thought I was Jesus it's because I am I spent my entire life searching for one good Joe among you and I failed so now it's judgment not sure what that is there we go prophecy fulfilled to June museum smells really bad around here but yeah Whatever the Field of Dreams Museum is, but I made my Field of Dreams. Is that it?

Here it is my Field of Dreams Go world Okay, halfway there. Oh, wow. I just swerved to miss a Wallaby and it was really crazy. I can't believe I just lived through that. That was really crazy. Oh

I can smell the rubber That was really weird. It turned me around 360 degrees. I hope my tires are alright. There's smoke everywhere. It turned me around 180 degrees. It was

actually two wallabies. Maybe three quick. About five minutes ago. Grabbing my girl and driving into the earth my moon my star that near-death experience was super awesome really fun my tires are all right so that's good this is much better driving conditions the incubator knows arc my moon humans lack the ability to use land as it is they have to remake it into something else to a psychiatrist and they said that i could hitchhike here emergency emergency emergency the harvest there is no land in australia to put homeless people it is all owned or crowned Always modifying landscape even though it's sacred to the native Australians the Billabong Sanctuary

Abundant. This is the most I've ever driven at once in my life. No fences. How awesome!

On country roads, it's best to drive in the middle when there's a wide dotted line Because there's a lot of things on the side like cattle and stuff like that and sometimes there's rocks on the side and stuff like that not so yeah be careful no one knows where an elder is so i'm gonna do my own burning ceremony

maybe i am delusional but if that's true then i'm the coolest delusional person there is anyhow there's no way that's natural i'm going to check it out not going to bring the camera Thanks, no reply at YouTube. I did not bring water when I traveled through the mountain. I got cut up and I almost died and I screamed your name and I looked everywhere that I could in the amount of time that I had without water and I didn't even know I was going to get out of it because I kind of made myself stuck but then I managed to do it and I don't know how because I needed water but it made me throw up a lot and I wasn't thinking straight because I hadn't had sleep in so long. I kind of asked the mountain to kill me because that's what Ivory said. I almost died three times during this trip. I managed to find a bush

place to park my car so I could sleep. I spent ages looking for it though and been stargazing. I did go to sleep so now I've had a little bit of sleep and thinking a little bit more straight. November 31st. I'm crazy, but it doesn't matter because I'm crazy in love with

Ivory. I'll be homeless forever. Have no friends or family if it gets me any closer to finding you, my love. The truth is that I did most of this on two bits of information in which anyone could have pranked First Citizen and Jinska, and I trusted that that information was accurate, even though I couldn't respond to it. There was no way to respond to it,

so I did this all on information that was given one way. Just like my dream, except this time it's opposite. Ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring. Jenska?

Where are you? You're late. The media is really stupid here. They're not saying anything about Israel and Gaza.

They are being a little bit more open though, but that's happening around the world. It would be thanks to First Citizen, I reckon. No one's saying anything about the dollar about to be destroyed. Everybody's still in the mood to buy like Christmas is coming around so they're advertising really heavy for that.

She wouldn't be so sure that Jesus has a place in heaven. Do you think she watched anything of mine? I've been posting there for a long time. This is a pretty cool spot.

We prefer to watch the show, win the real thing.

We prefer to spend shitloads of money on making that show than to spend that money on actually fixing the problem. Can't trust anybody, any government.

Why is that? Telling people to do that for a very long time. Be the truth.

With angel wings. We prefer to see them without, because then you can disconnect what you're really doing. You're correct politicians because they caused this and you follow them and help them cause this.

You're a reality world and you're going to be punished severely for it. I don't care if I'm crazy about ivory or anything like that. I don't care if I end up in a crazy location from a trip that almost killed me three times.

You are all fraud.

Because I am sinless. I am blameless in all of this. But not one of you can say that. How many times did you wash your hands of all of this?

You call the cops on people who spend their life trying to prevent this. Trying to rectify this when it happens. Protesting this. Trying to save children.

You spend your lives trying to incarcerate people like me. when I spend my life trying to save children.

Time and time again, I end up living in places like this,

whereas you guys have houses and cars and dogs and food.

How good of a yo is she?

You abuse others every day. Fuck you and die. Because I am here to bring it on. Reaped.

Fucking evil lady. All your governments are fucking evil. Sheep. It's not like everybody told them this.

Oh yeah, it is. Boots on the ground. Why? Because this is the priority for Americans.

It won't be just your bike. It would have been this car if I left it there. You are about to see all hell break loose in this world. Thank you CIA.

Please save me. It's not just him. Yesterday after I almost died at Black Mountain, I tried to commit myself into the psychiatric ward, but then I told them about the end of the world, and then they stopped me and told me to fill out the paperwork, which I couldn't fill out because I was too tired, and then they walked away. so they weren't interested in the content in which I was expressing, so I walked out of there.

I don't have any way to upload these videos, so you'll either get them later when I have access to that sort of equipment, or you won't get them at all.

Even though Facebook censors a lot, it's still one of the best places to receive accurate information in this world. I don't know what to do now, girl. I'm out of options. I've already explored the mountain without any luck.

What do you want me to do? I've been looking in the skies and I don't see you. And even if I could find a way underground in Black Mountain, I noticed that it wouldn't be very easy to breathe. I was rushed out way too quickly by the cops and my roommates and I left my computer even though I thought I brought it.

And I don't have any SD cards or anything. I deleted some footage, but I saw a UFO and I couldn't get it because I didn't have any time on camera, but I got a little bit more footage, and tomorrow I'm going to try to buy an SD card.

So, awesome. Life is so interesting.

None of you have any excuses, and that is the way God structured all of this. Because these are the times.

See, it all happened the very last day that the prophecy would remain true. I saw another one, but I couldn't catch it. It's hard to catch them.

There you go. See? Right in front of you guys.

Hello? Hello?

Why? Who's this?

Who is this?

Why?

I didn't take Rebel. I don't have anything to do with Rebel. I'm not here. I'm not.

I don't have Rebel. When, where are you? I'm not going to tell you, because I'm not going to tell anybody. You can look at my work to find out where I am.

You can look at your what? My work. Your work? Yes, go to my website and then go to the latest episode of my work.

And then you can put one and one together. And I don't have Rebel. I'm right here with the camera pointed at you. And I'm in my car.

And there's no Rebel here. So, sorry that you lost Rebel. That's not good.

Goodbye.

Weird. It took him like two seconds to look at the website. and he made his judgments he'll see both together take notice tomorrow weird should be me just so you are aware the greens blocked me no tool you're fucking reaped and you're an evil ass too and you just caused a lot of people to get reaped god sees your heart i see yo heart and i am not god i am god's god i am a prophet of allah i have never prophesied a single thing that did not come true so watch your fucking tongue the only place in town that has these



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



20-Ivory-Heart-III-Take-02-II-Black-Mountain

Here goes nothing Second time's a charm, except I'll try to make it higher this time We live in a beautiful world

It's Jesus thing Looking for a divine entrance Not just any entrance Keep going. It goes deep You can smell it Still not the divine entrance. I have to get down there so I can get up there there it's kind of dangerous around here I might go up there and see if I can come around another down there but I'm too far away the rainbow it's beautiful isn't it see the rocks crack this is going to be rough trekking but it's beautiful please protect me God this is by far not at all easy keep on getting stuck and then just keep on moving forward and somehow i make it i'm stuck getting bit by lots of ants too no way but forward even when it doesn't appear like it there is trust and obey for there's no other way to be happy in the life you live what web will you spin I made it. The burning ceremony. Already prepared for me.

At least I get shaded breaks.

It's so beautiful. I hope I brought enough drink. I don't think I did. Once I get down to one more of those, I gotta leave. That's my time limit.

Let's hope that I make it.

Just so you're aware of the risk that I'm taking, I would live here if there was a place that I could hide my car near here. it's life baby what will you make it I think everybody is off track I think that mythology is very real looking for Jenska do you know where Jenska is I was summoned here can you please help me can you tell me where to go the tree of of life, ground, and rocks. Jenska? Ivory, where are you?

Done pretty well. Beautiful. Amazing. We live in such a beautiful world. What do you think that's from?

Vav, Vav, Vav. Interesting. Still not right. Where is my mother of the universe? She is royal.

Even more so than me What do you ever think is happening to cause that?

Was it the Titans who made this my love? What secrets remain in it? So beautiful. Did I find an entrance to something? Let's see. It's too tight

But they are watching me

This is my project notebook world. What is yours? see I can't go anywhere in which I wouldn't be able to come back from because there is a divine entrance somewhere and I'm either gonna find it or not this one goes down pretty deep the same thing it'd be really difficult for me to get out of there my liquids going good so far and I'm nearing the top so that's good and it's really good being able to have breaks in these little awesome spots. I would so live here if I had reception and a place to put my car. It's getting

really steep. Nowhere to go but up. Not far now. Is this the one place in the world that doesn't have beer bottles everywhere? It's just like the last episode of Yo Contract. Naruto, we must go

down before we can go up what one does to try and save the world the ultimate burning ceremony am i doing the right thing am i going the right places oh this isn't easy i wonder what this mark is from the rocks are getting very hot it's the stage of life baby what will you make it here is my theater world i don't give a shit if i am crazy i have a more awesome life than any one of you

because i can fly i am a down goer and that causes me to ascend that goes pretty deep i'll get on that thing and then pull myself up i'm in a really dangerous spot right now i want to get on that thing but i don't have anything to grab onto up there so i gotta think about what i'm gonna do I'm almost there you can see it it's up there that's what I'll do in order to go up I gotta go down so I'll go down there and then try to go around it how beautiful is this little spot thank you God for making me awesome we're supposed to marry on November 31st that's why I'm here please help me let's check this tunnel out gotta be careful all these rocks almost at the top at least I have reception now. Jenska. Looking for Jenska? Do you know where Jenska is?

Been watching me. Been watching you too. I love you. I love you. Please help me

save the world. You're my friend. I don't have human friends anymore. You're all I got. Please help me save the world. Please help me find Jenska. We're supposed to

mary tomorrow which isn't even a day the 31st of november how do i do this i don't know i just trusted in god you know venus aphrodite i think that's her that's what she's saying please help me they're circling me i don't mean any harm i'm your friend i love you i love you i was called here. What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What should I do? What am I supposed to do

here? Can you tell me? I love you. It's happening. We need your help. The world's ending. Didn't you

create us? Now don't you have to step in? Isn't that what needs to happen? I love you. Please

help me. I'm your friend. Friend. I mean you no harm. Why did you call me? What do I need to do

here? I love you. I don't mean you any harm. Where do I go from here? I'm almost at the top. You've

been sussing me out the whole way up and now you're circling me. So what's that mean? What do I need to do please tell me i love you i don't mean you any harm not long to go now i think i am here to awaken the mountain i am almost there six six six me cross your eyes just a little bit how crazy this is the point two three the rainbow bridge i have just done what i needed to do i'm at the top the center of the world earlier today when i went to the swimming pool to get a shower one of the guys who worked there said this was the center of the universe because even within granite at the top of our mountain. Life Springs. I am limited to my corporeal body, but I don't

think what inhabits this place is, so I think it can move freely between these areas, irrelevant of its size. Going down is always more difficult than going up. It's more dangerous. It's less exhausting though. You just have to calculate your every move. I pray to God that what is buried

underneath here reveals itself. We really need help because our world is about to Armageddon's the word. Whether or not I'm crazy is irrelevant. How many people in this world can do what I do?

I am still a god let's see if I live through it Jenska said that I would die but I have already died so maybe I will maybe I won't who cares how many times do I have to die and be reborn to save this planet this is interesting this is is mine. Dear Venus, I am but a poor man with a huge heart. Please give me my moon because you girl are my heart and I will do anything to find you. Wake up my mountain for it is now or never.

i see you wake up wake up wake up wake up the time is now now or never oh about halfway down i might actually make it out of this alive i shoot my arrow six six six this is totally not safe only forward to go i'm gonna be pushing it with water wake up wake up wake up now or never now never wake up how beautiful is this I'm gonna see if I can get down there I won't go down there if I can't get back up Jenska yeah there's no way to get back up I will wonder what's down there I love you wake up wake up wake up time to go it's time to get up we've been sleeping too long who has lived the better life. Me or you? Wake up sleepyheads.

Fuck dying on this mountain. I want to live. I have died enough times my love to no longer be capable of death i am the mightiest pacifist warrior on this entire planet i am the best television that this planet has to offer the last all i need to survive is water life And I do not even give a fuck if you poison it. Yo poison only make me stronger.

Because now that we can travel to other planets, we must become gods or be destroyed. You choose. We can't go enslaving every single planet that we find. What yo have to do in this life To find a girl who loves you for your soul and not

what's in your pocket There is green ants that really hurt when they bite. That's all throughout that So I'm going to try to avoid that as much as possible this time How beautiful world just look where we live. Why are you taking it for granted? Why are you abusing it and exploiting it?

just look at the beauty almost finished with water to spare let's go going down let us decompose into the ground so that we can form another creation what's your field of dreams world make your field of dreams a reality thank you for the burning ceremony use your low gear it would help if i went in the correct direction humans burning ceremony let's burn them venus this is what they do i think i was going in the right direction to begin with because i already passed the mountain you know see it a little bit disorientated it's okay did i pass it twice weird because old world humans will never change i think i didn't go far enough the first time let's finish this thing score i found it on the road i needed one of these so look out world because what i say will come true And if it doesn't within the timelines in which I say, then somehow there will be some time traveling going on to make it happen in those timelines. November 31st, that is our wedding. I love you Rainbow Serpent. Please save us.

We are in dire need of assistance. s o s with water to spare and that is how you cook lentils i did not misplace my foot one single time i did not make a single mistake yet my sweat and blood is all over that mountain now so I will heal my cuts and braces through the waters of life I was told that I could get a loan from Centrelink on November 19th but I just went in there and they said that I couldn't do it till December 3rd and they didn't care about the situation I was in because they said the system wouldn't let them. That was beautiful. I'm a really strong swimmer, too. What is a perfect individual for

$666? Who would you rather, someone with a lot of heart or someone with a lot of money? This is what I have to last me until Saturday. I was kind of hoping that I would ascend by then.

I must take care of basics first. $10 here.

I was going to go to Black Mountain and just wait.

Tonight, between 11.45 all the way past 12. But I can't do that because I can't afford that. I'm sorry, Ivory. I must prepare the soil for my new home.

I wouldn't have a problem with these guys if they didn't have a problem with me. But hey, survival of the fittest. I'll give them a few hours to think about that before I put my tent up.

The shopping center did not sell metal spoons.

I absolutely love these, but up until now I've only been able to buy them dry in Australia.

Failed. Lentils will not cook right unless you have a cooker.

I hope your animals enjoy it.

Remember, this is the apocalypse. Make use of everything you have.

You'd be surprised too. It's pretty good.

Make sure you get these because you can turn stuff that doesn't taste very good into edible. The Centerlink lady got really upset and told me to leave because I told her that her systems could not distinguish syntax from semantics. why do people get so upset when I say this because it is the truth and I have proven it time and time again after seeing what I just did who is the true Australian who just gave you the true rainbow serpent tour slip slop slap is Bullshit. Eating healthy is bullshit. It is all poisoned anyway. How will you utilize that drip? I encourage you to utilize it to make you a god. If you do not do this, then you will be removed from the planet.

There is now two sides, gods and mortals, and they are now at war. Which side will you choose? There is no fence sitting in this war.

Despite being crazy, which results me in not having friends or family, how rich am I? Who will be safer in the upcoming tribulation? The answer to that is none of us.

I set a trap to see if anyone came here, and that trap was set off, and my tarps are gone. Oh joy. So now I got no tarps, because in Australia, people like to steal from homeless people.

If I have not given my stuff away, it has been taken from me. because you can't just leave stuff out anywhere and you can't just live somewhere so it's a catch-22 so if you're homeless you can't collect stuff what I had yesterday is gone today but what I have tomorrow can never be taken away from me it's likely that eventually the same thing will happen with this but you never know until you try throughout my years of being homeless there has been multiple times when people have broken to my tent to steal stuff that reminds me i guess i'll go get my lock but it's really strange because there's like no one that comes down here and then what someone comes down here just to see if they can steal something that someone left there because the truth is nothing is mine and I am just borrowing everything see the light it's the truth you have been brainwashed to think otherwise but your grave will say different you take from the poor who need and collect it out of greed when I Now I could be using it, you stick it in your closet. This is the repetition of the Australian economy. Make your poor people poor and then your poor people get robbed because they're so poor that they have no way of protecting themselves.

So then your poor people need to borrow money in order to obtain those items again. it's a vicious cycle that does not end yo rich that steal from the poor become richer and yo poor that saved the world fucking take yo soul take what you want from me because I possess something much much much more valuable than anything that you could take from me yo soul see if I wasn't here you think they would not come in here and take everything in mine you would think wrong because this is Australia mate and this is how we do it is you gonna come talk to me probably not there's no someone there now we'll come back and steal his stuff later we know he's there now so we can come anytime steal the stuff goodbye yeah so they don't want this anymore so they can just put it here what do you think they would do if my car was not there we live in a beautiful world i am not racist all races are fucked all the exercise made me hungry i have not met a single literate person in this world Not a one understands the words they use. They're back.

Why do advantaged people take from disadvantaged people?

I can't do anything else. This is where I live now. They'll steal from them when they're not in front of them. And then when they see them, they will look the other way.

either that or still take from them maybe abuse them spit on them you wouldn't believe what's happened to me over my lifetime this will deter people but it will not stop them i've had a few cases where my tent's actually been cut open so people could get to my stuff so they not only take all my stuff but destroy my home. First what you have to do is invent homeless people. Now that the invention is complete and implemented upon society now you must exploit them for everything they have and keep doing that because that's how we eradicate the homelessness problem. Why can I not just have a little spot like this and then all of you leave me the fuck alone like what's so wrong about that I have to buy it but then you won't even let me do that because then you have standards about how someone is to live so corruption sure why not dump some rubbish too I almost died three times getting here but I did not even come close to dying on that mountain why would I trust first citizen. He gave me one cryptic email. Why would I trust Jenska? She could not

even give me six minutes on the phone. I'm supposed to get married today more. Will it click over with nothing happening? I've been watching the skies very carefully not received an invite for the Paris conference I can't trust anybody but myself and my god and ivory whoever that may be I hoped it was Jen Scott and it would make a lot of sense because Wes and Jen forever through God's grace but maybe that was a prank call because in a real relationship you keep calling it matters not I will not make the same mistake as Orpheus and back out I am all in I truly do pray that it wasn't a prank because I screamed gen sky's name all over that mountain despite whether the people in my life who have contacted me about this were pranking me it is irrelevant because I am who I say I am and no matter how much you suppress my voice what I say is going to happen you will all be fucking punished you have violated the natural laws and created an entire population of abominations what you didn't understand when he referred to his bride my wife her ivory not fake but they're stopping me from finding her that's what they claim me a heretic i was always married to her we just have to unite again we're already married we just gotta go through the process again because it's a different life our souls were always together and then they were split uh the origin of love just how are you so stupid and how come none of you can connect mythology with all of this but the fact is that yo jesus is going to be picked by the shadow hand so it's irrelevant that i'm here maybe if they decide to then they can pick me but they're the ones restraining me seriously you don't see bride of jesus you still interpret that as being the church look at all the terrible things the church has done because this time that was my job was to unite with my wife last time it was to die on your cross that you killed me on and now this time it's to unite with I guess Venus I don't know my wife because I can't save you anymore it's her that has to save you and it was my job to train her to be able to do that because this is now feminism you are now to live in a matriarchal society because you know men bomb children and I'm pretty sure that you know women trained in this sort of stuff won't do that and my ivory can help them do that but the thing is it's never going to happen if those who conspire against me continue to restrict me I've already failed saving this world twice and I'm about to fail again in Georgia if anybody knows what that sound is in the background if I'm still alive could you please tell me what animal was making that because I've heard it a lot throughout my adventures so it would be really good to know what it is I can't even continue reading this like who cares like look at this crap it doesn't matter like I am who I am stop reading and then do this because that's your path so I think this TV show should be called ivory heart 3 I spent a lot of time thinking about what I should name it but three strikes and I'm out the truth is three strikes and we are all out and it matters not who you are Australia will burn and in a worse way than America it was the first to be judged America still has till June 16 2016 but I don't think any of you will know that because the shadow hand controls what media you receive but that's okay because after today i reap a lot of fucking souls around the world keep thinking that america is babylon but eventually you will find out the truth but it will be too late by then america still has some good people left in it i have not found any in australia they are the image of wickedness and even though i have a lot of fun reaping their fucking souls the truth is they did not have one to begin with the truth is that it looks like i'm about to strike out again and 666 that means i'm done and even though i might release to you an occasional something that's it world go let the shadow hands pick some other jesus that is more appropriate for what they want instead of picking the real Jesus and then you can brainwash the people into believing that that's the case and I'm sure that's going to work out for you since yeah God's on the side of liars sure I am very disappointed with you Israel because it was my job in this life to lead you to the promised land. And I did, but Joe did not have ears to listen. So now kill Yo Jesus a third

time, and I'm sure that will work out well for all of you. Because, first citizen, no matter how you frame it. This is what you have done to me so far. As far as Joginska, the truth is that this would have all been much easier on my psychology if you had not called at all.

In addition, it would have produced the same results.

What I felt upon that mountain was many demons entering moons. If you judge too quickly and say that nothing supernatural happened, then you have not appropriately analyzed the footage. I have not even analyzed the footage. but hey I was fucking there. I have been climbing mountains all my life and that

was the most difficult and interesting mountain that I have ever climbed. They have lost their opportunity all of them all Christians because all Christians are infidels who don't believe their own religion. I am sorry that I failed three times. Three times in this timeline. And three times in our total timeline. Socrates, Jesus,

and myself. I really tried my hardest and that is the blood of Jesus. A failure. To be honest, I think I have done this many more times, and potentially on other planets too.

So now fake new world order, it is time for you to kill all of the people who are not infidels and actually follow your commandments. That includes Mawar. Do hurry because time is critical as you know the future approaches. Fuck you.

You have declared war on everything that is divine and now I'm the most divine among you not only because of who I am but because of what has entered me not only today but also throughout the years so please calibrate your weapons and target your enemy me destroy the last hope that you have for this world i am done because unfortunately team jesus is just me i will get rid of most of my groups including the illuminati even my yo's who like but cannot see goodbye Jerusalem you had your chance don't cry for them they are already dead tautologically they are all infidels the right way to join the infidel Illuminati. I am the Illuminati. These are the infidel Illuminati.

My family. They fake it. And I do it. All filmmaker groups. Gone. How ironic. Aussies

don't help Aussies I really tried hard depart from me you never knew me I am the Alpha and Omega the beginning and you see lie literacy infidelity I got you yo Yo, List, CIA. Yo got all the cliques, all the people who saw and rejected. Yo got everything in which people had the opportunity to see and then rejected. Yo got the hearts of countless individuals throughout my life. So do what you will and it's probably on your timeline

now to end my life so do what you will know yo rights you don't have them there is so many of these rapture watch groups i would like to know where it is in which they're watching thanks for all yo info the divine revelation is that yo is all stupid yes but it has to be accepted and none of you did so on planet earth we don't understand the words we utilize because there is none of this To be rapture ready, one must be ascended spiritually and mentally before they can be raptured physically.

Infidels. I'm only going to keep a few handfuls of groups in which provide me news and I might post Ivory Heart 3 to those groups. But that's it. for the truth is the truth whether or not you believe it to be true in the blink of an eye my wedding date comes and goes my nightmare is reversed where are you you are light strike I tried I hope you enjoyed my many performances over my lifetime. I am shutting down. This will make most of you very happy, but do not

fret because what I said was going to happen is still going to happen. It could have happened differently if you had only made some better decisions. This also includes you, shadow government this also includes every angel or demon out there in which did not perform their duty in which God required of them go pick someone else to be yo Jesus first citizen because I am tired of yo bullshit because that is the truth in our modern day society. Jesus will be picked, elected by the elites to send you all to fucking hell. I already did that, but whoever the elites elect as yo Jesus, you will think that they

are doing the right thing. But the truth is the truth whether or not you believe it to be the truth. So go follow your false prophet into hell. I have seen quite a few UFOs around here but I'm not going to even bother to catch them unless it's really easy for me because I've got a lot of ufos throughout my work and you know oh catch it and we'll believe it but then i catch it and you don't believe it anyway i am through messing with humans you guys can continue to destroy the world on your own i'm out but do not get this situation wrong for this is not like orpheus and I have not turned back I have just finished because look back in that blink of an eye which I couldn't even catch transfer on camera. How many fucking souls did I reap? The answer

is shitloads. I kept telling you before that prophecy is only a guide. It is not stagnant.

What it says isn't always exactly what happens because individuals can change what happens. And that is what has happened. Likely because I presented what was going to happen And then those individuals exploited that, corrupted my words, and altered what was going to happen. So, now you live in the fate that you created for yourself.

Because here is the truth.

How many saved are in this world right now?

Think about it. What point is there of a rapture when there is none who can ascend, cause the rapture to not happen? You can twist your worlds with both technology of man and extraterrestrials, but you can never avoid the truth. And that is God's ascension.

Whatever ascension that you create and then pass by as God's ascension is false doctrine. But do it.

It would be fun. The televised rapture that you make up. There are no gods who do not follow God. entirely. So, just examine the results of what your society created, what the Shadow

Hand has implemented on your world, and you will see very clearly that they do not resemble gods whatsoever. But you will believe them when they tell you that they are, because they are so different from you. No murder, no oppression, no collective action is directed by God. That means that every character in which you see who performs these acts, they are not directed by God. God might use them to carry out its will, but their heart will

always say murder. I am sorry God I failed you yet again. I don't think I have ever succeeded. If I can't accomplish this task when I dedicate my entire life studying philosophy, the truth is that I can't accomplish this task at all, and I cannot fathom why you would send me here again and again and again to fail my God. You turn your back from your son who only

looks for his men. There are no more SOS's. We have all failed the Turing test. First citizen gives me a stupid number. June 16, 2012. But the thing is, is I know more than

he does. Yo missed yo boat. Yo information is flawed. It happened sooner. The clock ticks

away as country after country pass November 31st without even realizing it. Boom! Yo all fail. The test was fairly easy and only required a little bit of yo attention span And you had the opportunity to submit it as many times as you liked until you passed.

But now the deadline has passed and world, you failed.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



20-Ivory-Heart-III-Take-03-III-Danger-Zone

I hope everybody had a happy Thanksgiving.

I tried to warn you, but you said, don't judge me.

I don't think it is very likely that it will happen at all, because none of you are rapture ready. A lifetime of work spent in vain. For we have lost all concept of the words in which we utilize, for they believe in salvation through a smoltened image of me. Judgment for All Preachers of Blasphemy By faith, Noah, being warned of God, of things not seen as yet, moved with fear, prepared an ark to the saving of his house, by the which he condemned the world and became heir of righteousness, which is by his faith.

Jesus came to set the captives free, but you wanted to be enslaved, so he could not help. For we are so brainwashed, even when we are presented with truth, we cannot see my prayer request. Just because you say it does not make it true.

Jesus is a lot like Santa Claus.

When you stop believing, I disappear.

I made a list and checked it twice. I found out who was naughty and nice. The call in which you receive will set light to your own eternity. I tried my best.

But unfortunately, there are none of these left in the world.

They divide spirit from mind, and body for that matter. I have too many groups to leave. It would take me forever and a few batteries to do that, so I'm just going to disable this account.

I've gone around town all day looking for rentals that I could afford, and I found nothing. and I mentioned to every individual that I was homeless living in the wilderness but not one of them cared. They said, nothing I can do because there's nothing anyone can do because land is owned and if one can't afford to be on that land then they have no right to be anywhere and that means that they'll end up somewhere where they'll get stolen from. The cheapest rental that I found was $240 a week.

That is more than I make on the pension.

Where did I come from?

This is how this planet treats aliens. Be careful, my friends. Unless it's on constant television. 116. A scam? What money did I ask for? It's the entire world. Still joined. Why did they stop me

from posting? I can't even see. I think they blocked me. Yep. Because in Australia that's

what they do. Block someone who really needs a home. Block someone who tells the truth. Out of sight out of mind Until the gun is pointed directly at it. Hey, I got a brilliant idea

We can just ban the one who is Telling us our future and that will help that future to play out differently Okay, they must have just deleted the post

Weird see there's people questioning but But, look, it says I'm joined, there's no way, I'll show you, because it won't let me post, if it won't let me post, then, yeah, see, they even deleted that, ugh, see, like, you can't do it, no one will let you, and if they did this, they would realize, the community center said that they could not help me, and after a short talk, they admitted that it not their policy to help people who are in trouble. What do you do when the organizations in which you have erected to help people hurt people more than they help people? I have showed all of this to you before while it happens many times but that work was censored by the Australian government. I have to find a place that will charge this for me but I have about three days to do that what happens when people don't even want to give me water it's called Armageddon my friends because the circle of life always ends where it begins behold I stand here by the well of water and the daughters of men of the city come out to draw water and let it come to pass that the damsel to whom I shall say let down thy pitcher I pray thee that I may drink and she shall say drink and I will give thy camels drink also let the same be she that thou hast appointed for thy servant me and thereby shall I know that thou hast shewed kindness unto my master I have no idea what a single dot means but a lot of people do it and a lot of people do three dots too it's weird I'm so good at documenting define endeavor try hard to do or achieve something why is such a simple task and endeavor let's see so make your judgments and report me by watching the start of one of my links blocked it's really sad because whether or not you believe that I am Jesus I am doing exactly what the Bible says that Jesus would do when he returns. What it takes in this life for a prophet to get accommodation? It seems that

the only accommodation is available in a psychiatric ward and a prison. What for? For speaking the truth, which then happens. Because when one speaks against the wicked dominant ideology, they get shut down. So how long will I be here until I get incarcerated? Because those who are

refugees, but actually exercise their voice, are not treated as refugees. They are treated as inmates. If not inmates, fugitives. I have never stolen from another, yet I have been stolen from thousands of times. I have never intentionally harmed another, yet I have been harmed countless

times. I have spent my life trying to be good and help people, and I have helped a lot of people throughout my journeys. And this is what happens to those types of people, because society can't handle profits and this is how they cope with them by focusing everything on profits instead of profits the ones who make profits I am the richest person in the world if not the universe and I have all of my riches to share with you but But your eyes can't see them. He what is in the front nose needs a constant struggle, George Orwell.

So how am I to find a home when I constantly get blocked from the communities because of who I am? Since when is it illegal to warn people about what's going to happen, what other people are going to do? Since when was prophesying the future a prohibited practice? Listen carefully.

This is why I had to move. It's not just here. It's going to be everywhere. And this is just a prototype.

Listen. This just hit the main media today. You are at the centerpiece of a massive urgency drill. You're not looking at this from afar, from outside the security zone.

You're right in the center of the operation. the operation imagine the context of the footage that we're looking at here we're at a subway station everything is crisis actors we obviously have a camera crew and we also have some scientists or officials dressed up in protective gear pretending they'll look busy for your viewing pleasure it's a scene straight out of the movie outbreak distributed to television that's what everybody does in their jobs pretend to look busy like this from the inside of an official government exercise never so why are they broadcasting these images now to show you how well they can stage an event to show you how they can what isn't real they locked down the subway they told people it's full of explosives packages and activities and was underway do you remember that it went viral and the next day the story was gone no footage no evidence it's drive by fear porn they splash breaking news there's bombs everywhere go home shelter in place and Then ten minutes later, they're talking to you about sports as if nothing happened. That is what's called mind control, ladies and gentlemen. They are trying to induce a Stockholm Syndrome-like effect on the entire population through gimmicks and social engineering.

This is trickery. We can plainly see how efficient they are when it comes to staging events. And as the saying goes, the best way to control the population is through fear. And the best way to control the opposition is to lead it ourselves.

which begs the question who's to say that these terrorists that we're so worried about are really real we already know why there's an isis in the middle east it's because we funded them it's because we sent them equipment and protected them every country needs an enemy ladies and gentlemen it's how you keep the population in line in line with your agenda we create the enemy and then we deploy our democracy if we get attacked by our enemies we rally behind patriotism if we kill our enemies, then we also rally behind patriotism. It's a win-win for the state and for the leadership. The only threat to this bread and circus show is the whistleblower, the inside player that lets the population know that the government is full of shit. And that's why the establishment has been quick to blame folks like Edward Snowden for the Paris attacks. They're like,

if it wasn't for Snowden, we would have foiled them attacks. Listen, folks, only a libtard or a crackhead would believe a story like that news flash any person with an iq over 50 knows we've been living in a surveillance society since the patriot act took effect back in 2001 people have known for nearly 15 years that every bit of is being collected even more obvious 10 years ago when news of at&t secret room 641a blew their operation wide open the snowden documents didn't tell anybody anything that they didn't know already. The only thing that was shocking about the Snowden documents was how easy it was for one person to download the entire inventory of top secret documents. But they never talk about that. They never talk about their failures or their

inability to do their job. Case in point, the Paris attackers were officially listed in an intelligence assessment as far back as May of this year. Not only that, but French officials had the bombers listed on their official terror watch list. They even implicated this same cell in the failed train attack that occurred just a few months back.

Did they track these terrorists down? Did they arrest them? No. Did they put them under constant surveillance?

No, not that either. Yet somehow, just days after the Paris attacks, they were able to track them down, arrest them, or neutralize them. So for months before the attack, they can't find them. Yet days after the attack, they stormed their secret headquarters.

located near the french capital they weren't in afghanistan they weren't in a cave they were right there in the capital there are some serious issues going on here they say they couldn't find the terrorists because they were evading surveillance techniques surveillance techniques that were made public nearly a decade ago way way before the snowden leaks and yet now somehow the people in charge of our security are blaming leaks that have nothing to do with the facts these terrorists weren't found at the scene of the crime they were found using the same surveillance techniques that should have prevented these attacks in the first place we have the documents right here these people were identified they were on a watch list so you're telling me with cctv and face recognition software that they had no idea where these people were did you know that they're using voice recognition software as well they know your voice if you say a word anywhere near a phone or a a computer. You are recognized. So we're supposed to believe that they couldn't find these people the whole year, but just days after the attack, they just got some lucky break. Come on. The truth

is here, officials were warned over and over and over again by foreign intelligence that something big was about to happen. And the reason they didn't pick these militants up is because they wanted these attacks to happen so that they could propagate their fear campaign and push an all-out invasion in Syria. We are going back to Iraq, ladies and gentlemen, because you can't go into Syria without going into Iraq. the truth oh come on it is pretty funny you all fell for it It's an awesome achievement which I am very proud of.

How can everybody still be so focused on money when our world is going crazy right in front of their eyes? How can I be considered a terrorist when I promote peace and not war? How come those who promote peace are considered terrorists and those who cause wars are considered patriots? I've spent my entire life trying to stop this war from happening and I'm the terrorist.

How come we no longer utilize logic within our thought processes? So I'm inciting terror in people because I reveal to them the truth. Why did the community center refuse to charge my battery once every three or four days? Why does everybody get offended when I say that I'm Jesus?

We need a lot more Jesuses in this world. Playing with people's lives because it's profitable. They control your media and your minds. Archer, it was right in front of you all the time, but you didn't see it.

This is ISIS. Conway could be dangerous. You know what's dangerous? Your obsession with me.

Just... Seriously, Lana, call Kenny Loggins because you're in the danger zone. From TopCon. Just be careful.

No.

Whoever he is, he ghosted an ID file onto our worldwide database. Yeah, which you probably found while researching me. Lana, because you're in the... Danger zone!

Those were his last words. How'd you get life insurance, Lana? Don't tell you're in the danger zone! Lana. Lana.

Also makes you incredibly mean. And ugly. Seriously. Danger zone.

That's what I saw here. Because when I get treated like I do when I'm trying to prevent this, then there's a problem. I think I've already shown this one before. Fuck yo wars, because the terrorists are the ones that try and save children?

There's no more real people in the world just NPCs Can you not see? Where did I come from? I'm trying to go back where I came from

It's all a game.

It's funny because everybody fell for it. See what I mean? They know about me. Really?

They're the ones that are hiding me. They're the ones that are responsible for my incarcerations. Really. It's really sad.

What does one do when their holy land hides their holy figure in which they utilize to obtain money? To obtain control. They're going back to Black Mountain to rest for the night. This yo supports the murder and rape of children.

Siege is underway with a suspected gunman after a school was locked down at Tormina near Coffs Harbour on the far north coast of New South Wales. Dean Cassidy is in the newsroom this evening. Dean, I understand he's in a property near the school. Yes, that's right, Mark. We've been told the tactical operations unit and police negotiators have just turned up.

The man is still inside the home near the Mary Help of Christian's primary school, which initially went into lockdown, but then children were evacuated from the school. Local residents are being held back and it's believed the man is prison escapee Marcus Buchanan and feared the 33-year-old is armed, but police aren't confirming anything while the operation is underway. It's understood Buchanan triggered a similar lockdown at another Coffs Harbour School last week. Now, it's not known if the man has made any demands yet.

Please correct me if I am wrong, Ivory, but isn't it your job to save me? Wouldn't it be much better for our two species to unite in holy matrimony, willingly, rather than forcefully? Why did you miss our wedding date?

It felt really bad when you didn't show up at the altar. You made me look even more crazy than I already look. But it is okay because if I do find you at the end, it will all be worth it. If I do not, then I will meet you in the afterlife because that was God's promise.

Because I succeeded in the mission that God gave me.

Maybe I failed in changing hearts, but I did exactly what God told me to do. I actually went beyond what God requested because that's the type of person that I am, above and beyond the requirement. Welcome to the New World Order. Yo, terrorists are those who promote peace and reject war. Carpe diem, my friends.

It matters not if Ivory is real. Look at what she has made me. She is more real than any NPC you will ever meet. It was really strange how that individual indirectly said that they could not watch past 9-1-1.

I learned from an early age that I had to capture my world real time because it would disappear if I didn't.

Okay, see? It's moving. Pretty far away there.

Capture the right one. I hope I did. I think I did. It's hard to focus in on one object in the sky when there's so many of them, but other weird things are happening tonight because a lot of them were going really fast, like there, and then gone. It's crazy. Focus.

How can people fight and kill in my name? That is not my heart. continues as we bring you another edition of the real obama now in this installment we shine the spotlight on an executive order that the white house was hoping that you would never learn about now the president signed the national defense resources preparedness executive order late friday afternoon and since that time now the measure has been virtually ignored by the mainstream media now the order essentially gives the president of the united states absolute power over any and all american resources during both times of peace and national crisis now this includes but is not limited to food and livestock water plants energy health resources transportation and construction materials and gives the government the ability to quote control the general distribution of any material including applicable services in the civilian market now white house press secretary jay carney laughed off a question about the document at today's briefing let's take a look there's been some online commentary suggesting this gives the The executive branch, power to allocate energy, food, water, peace time or war time. And there are some conservative blogs that are pushing the notion that this suggests the White House is prepared.

I cannot explain that reaction to it. I think it was a fairly standard and routine piece of business. Not everybody is laughing about this executive order. In fact, some have suggested this would give the President of the United States the authority to declare basically martial law during times of peace.

And to be sure, this is simply the latest string of actions taken by the Americans. administration that ignore the basic principles of our Constitution. Joining me now in tonight's edition of The Real Obama, Jay Sekulow from the American Center for Law and Justice, and Fox News contributor Lenny Davis. Guys, welcome back.

I'm laughing about it, Sean. How are you? All right. Good.

Well, let's give a little history here. Jay, we'll start with you, because this was actually signed, similar national defense resources preparedness by Bill Clinton. You have similar executive orders signed by Dwight Eisenhower, George W. Bush.

But there's a difference. There are some things that changed in this that I think has brought, I think, legitimate criticism and concern. Can you go through that? I think you're absolutely right.

The idea of this act is nothing new. Presidents have had this since the 1950s. But what is different about this one, different than any of the other one, is the definition of national defense. It's incorporated what's called the Stafford Act.

I don't want to get overly technical. But this gives the president much broader authority than any of the previous acts. In fact, and Lonnie may remember this, the previous acts didn't give incorporation of the Stafford Act, which is a civilian civil situation where the president would have unlimited authority, subject, of course, to checks and balances. We can't ignore checks and balances here.

But the definition of national defense is broader than it has ever been under any of these previous executive orders. And I think that's the most significant aspect of this. And by the way, the president's getting flack from the left and the right. The left said this is preparation for the war in Iran.

That's why the president's doing this, a potential war with Iran, and a concern about the energy and resources of our country. And, of course, conservatives are saying this is unchecked power. There's a balance here, but the one thing that's very different, Sean, is the fact that the national defense definition is different than it has ever been and much broader than it's ever been. This very specific section, and Jay, correct me if I'm wrong, is 801J, if I recall.

Jay, right, that's correct. Why would the president change that definition? And, Lanny, you're an expert in media. Changing the definitions of all words to confuse the populace.

If you want to release something that you don't want people to find and you're in the White House, when do you release it? Late on a Friday afternoon, hoping nobody pays attention to it. I used to release things at 10 o'clock on July 3rd. That was a really good time.

I got it. Nice to hear you, Jay, and your scholarly self. And I want to compliment Sean Hannity for the first time in a long time. Oh, boy.

of not being slanted and describing this as a bipartisan act that actually goes back to Franklin Roosevelt, Jay, and through Harry Truman, not just the 1950s. But he changed it. But, Lenny, we got to that part. You're wasting some value of their time.

We got that down. You know, like me complimenting you. The second point I want to make, aside from Sean Hannity being a good guy, is that this is really not a significant risk to America. I don't know why he made those changes, to answer your question, but there's no risk here because every president needs authority in times of emergency, such as a nuclear attack or something that is another 9-11.

And this authority has been on the books, and President Obama won't misuse it. The real question is, why are the extremes on the left and the right so quick to jump beyond the facts and look at the worst possible interpretation? I can give you the answer. If you look at some of these, tell me.

And because of the way the president's acted, for example, we have a very specific process for recess appointments. And with the National Labor Board appointments of the president, remember, he didn't go through that process. That's right. Conservatives like myself, Jay, I think would argue that the health care mandate is not constitutional.

The Cato Institute actually has the top 10 instances where the president is pretty much thumbed his nose at the Constitution. uh and so there is a suspicion jail yeah yeah there's i think the biggest problem here is context it is a document dump in the sense that it comes in late on a friday evening that's an interesting situation it's second is the context of the other situations you talk about the attorney general the fast and furious situation then the attorney general said he was concerned about what the nypd was doing which was clearly within the law and i think the department of justice has now backed up on that wisely. But you look at the context, and then the definitional aspect, and I think the definition is the problem. I don't believe, and I agree, that the president could get away with this because, number one, you've got a Congress, you've got an active media, that's why we're here tonight. But you've got to ask yourself, why this overly broad definition

of national defense, why incorporate the Stafford Act, which talks about foreign and national interests and tsunamis and situations which the president would have control over under normal source, but why do you have to expand it in the form of this executive order? That's the concern. Of course, executive orders have been challenged before in court. So that's the thing. I don't understand the national defense issue. That's the biggest thing.

And I think what this is, you know, Woodrow Wilson, progressives like yourself, Lanny, one of the things we conservatives have a problem is, is you guys believe in this concept that the Constitution is a living, breathing document. And so you can ignore issues like checks and balances and separation of powers, like in the case of recess appointments. So I think we're looking at this differently. And that is that in this particular case, does it give a president pretty much impunity to do whatever they want?

And why change the definition considering the president has thumbed his nose at the Constitution in the past? First of all, my point of view is he hasn't thumbed his nose. And if the Affordable Care Act is unconstitutional, let the Supreme Court decide that, not Jay and Mr. Justice Hannity.

But most importantly, this is more reflective of the paranoia on the left and the right that's going on in America and polarizing this country so badly. Jay and I, as Jay as a conservative and myself as a liberal, are able to exchange views in a civil way with Sean Hannity as a civil moderator. What's going on on the Twitter and the Internet is lunacy. If you read some of these comments, it's not Jay analyzing this calmly.

It's complete lunacy. and nobody is mentioning ronald reagan and nobody's i'm only saying that it's the extreme interpretation that causes the polarization in this country and the president has never contributed to this by saying republicans want dirties with autism down syndrome vending for themselves he's never contributed to this at all i don't like rhetoric i don't like the extreme rhetoric sometimes i think the president has gone too far and so has the republican congress and And when there was a Republican president, there were recess appointments, guys. So let's be even and not recess appointments while they were in session. That never happened until Obama.

This session was one senator holding the floor. This session was one senator holding the floor. And that was an abuse of very clear. The Constitution says recess appointments only when they're in recess, though, and they're not in recess.

There's one senator sleeping on the floor. Our religions now are trying to get rid of Jesus because Jesus has now made those religions not profitable so they now have to hide me and say that Jesus isn't coming back. Their reasonings because Jesus was a drunkard and said shit that wasn't true. December 21st, 2012, that's when all this happened, Ivory Heart, the first one, now censored of course, you won't get that until I get Ivory, and if I never get Ivory then it's your own fault.

Yo, film world. My name is Chris Everard, and I just want to make this little video to discuss a subject which really basically the mainstream media have never, ever covered. And the independent media are, on the whole, completely ignorant of this particular subject, and that is the underhanded, secret influence of a group called the Zevites.

now i make documentaries and i write books that's what i do as my my full-time job and i've written extensively about the zevite movement now the the zevite creed or the zevite belief system is pretty simple it has its roots in judaism but it's not normal judaism by any stretch of the imagination what zevites believe is that satan is the good guy and they believe that the god of creation which you see in the bible is actually evil um and uh they had a messiah a self-proclaimed messiah called shabbatai zevi and that's where the zevite uh label comes from for this group of people. And he preached in the 17th century that the Jewish Ten Commandments, the Mosaic Law from Moses, should be turned on their head. So in other words, the commandment of thou shalt not steal means, yeah, you can steal. Thou shalt not kill. You can kill. And

it's very, very difficult for people to understand that right now there are Zevites operating behind the scenes in pretty influential jobs. I'm talking about jobs in the intelligence agencies, in governments, and in the Pentagon. I've been researching it, and I've made several TV documentaries about it, which you can watch on the Enigma channel. Now, Shabatai Zevai, He basically crowned himself as the king of this Zivite movement.

And in 1666, he moved from Izmir in Turkey to the Netherlands. And he gathered together an enormous international following amongst the Jewish communities of Spain, the Jewish communities of Germany, the Ashkenazis, the Hasidics. many, many Jewish people actually followed Shabbatai Zivai and his teachings came to the attention of the Muslim rulers of Turkey because his hometown was Izmir in Turkey.

When he returned back from his travels and he'd gathered together 100,000, 150,000 followers and he'd been preaching incest, He'd been preaching brothers marrying and having sex with children. He'd been preaching all of this, what we call satanic kind of theology. Do as thou wilt, do what you want, kill someone if you want, lie, cheat, steal. Do whatever makes you happy is the root of this Zivite creed.

when he returned back to turkey come to the attention of the turkish muslim authorities and they arrested him and they said now listen okay you've gathered this international following of jewish people who have thrown away all of the traditional laws of moses and tipped everything upside down and inverted all these laws and you've got a choice today you can either convert to Islam, we're going to put you to death. So he converted, Shabbatai Zevi converted to become a Muslim. And this created a big divide in his following, Jewish followers of Shabbatai Zevi amongst the Sephardic Jewish community in Spain. They kind of, you know, couldn't believe that their Messiah, and he was the Jewish Messiah, would convert to Islam. However, this was

an extremely snide and very devilishly intrepid thing for Shabbatai Zivai to do. Because what he actually did is that he was able to then influence Islamic people. He dressed as a Muslim. He created this whole following in Turkey of tens of thousands of Muslims who today are called the Donmeh, D-O-N-N-E-H, Donmeh of Turkey. Now, on the outside, he would pray five times a day.

He would, you know, go to the mosque and he, as I said, dressed like a Muslim. Behind the scenes Gave Shabbatai Zivai a secret key, what Salvador Dali would call the secret lever, because during the day he was a pious Muslim, but at night he was loyal to his Judeo-Satanic Zivite belief system. And yes, they were murdering people in human sacrifices. They were murdering children.

And the Zevites were basically then taken over by a guy called Nathan of Gaza. And then after Nathan of Gaza, the movement was taken over by a guy called Jacob Frank. Now, Jacob Frank was exactly the same as Shabbatai Zevite. He was from a Hebrew family, but he didn't convert to Islam.

He converted to Catholicism. And what we see today is we see vast trafficking of babies and children. Many of them go missing, street children, in all of these countries which are controlled by the Vatican. This is a very important point, because Jacob Frank, who was a baron in Germany, he set up his own castle.

He had a private army of 26,000 people. As I say, he was a Satanist, a Zevi to Judeo-Satanist, following the teachings of Shabbatai Zevi. He was a baron in Offenbach in Germany, but he converted from Judaism to Catholicism, and that meant that from that era onwards, which is about the late 1770s, the followers of Jacob Franken, he had 100, 150, 200,000 followers. As I said, he had a private army of 26,000 people, and they were all Judeo-Zivite Satanists.

What has happened is that we now have our present-day situation, which is really serious. We have a Judeo-Zivite Satanist influence in the Catholic Church. they are sodomizing children as a matter of course daily i mean they've paid out a billion dollars in court cases in settlements for child sex abuse within the catholic church and what we can see is that now there is this new scandal again it's not being covered in the mainstream media or even on the so-called truth movement news blogs. And that is that somewhere between 350,000 and 620,000 babies and children were trafficked by the Vatican in Spain and in Latin America.

And what would happen is that Catholic nuns and Catholic priestess, men and women involved in this Zivite movement, I can tell you that now, on the outside as i say they look like catholic priests but at night they're actually doing zivite judeo satanic ancient rituals and what these catholic priests and these catholic nuns did is that they set up clinics they set up hospitals women would go in and have a baby you know they'd be pregnant and they'd be drugged they'd have anesthetic and then when they woke the women would be told, oh, there was a complication, I'm very sorry, your baby died. In reality, those children were born and they were trafficked. Many of them went unregistered. And this is a huge scandal in Spain right now. At the moment, the figures are off the charts. It

looks like there's hundreds of thousands of babies that have been trafficked and hundreds of thousands of parents that were lied to by catholic nuns and catholic priests and it was going on for decades this is zivitism at work and it's something which i just wanted to tell you about in this film and i've made many documentaries about the zivite movement it's very much alive it influences the vatican it influences the world of islam in actual fact there are islamic people publishing blogs at the moment and they are suspicious about the government of turkey they're saying that many of those ministers are zivites so um just check out my website it's christopher everard.com and if you want to watch my documentaries um it's on the enigma channel and that's enigma tv.com i also make documentaries for lots of other tv networks as well but uh the enigma channel is completely uncensored and uh my type of films they don't uh they don't last very long if they're uploaded onto video sharing websites anyway so thank you for Jacob Frank is the mastermind behind a gloom of satanic cults. He taught that the creator god was evil. Jacob Frank proclaimed himself as the true messiah. He vowed never to tell the truth. He rejected

every moral law and declared that the only way to a new society was through the total destruction of civilization murder rape incest and the drinking of blood were perfectly acceptable actions and rituals his followers established the marxist system that have infiltrated islam and judaism he was the messiah of the illuminati We call it a new thing on the world. It's never been done by any government in the past to take a large group of its own people and say we're going to kill you without any kind of a trial and we're going to sell you vital organ parts. An individual from the United States or Canada, for example, could anticipate undergoing transplantation on a specified date. It's a crime against humanity.

It's abhorrent, and it needs to stop. Tissue type the potential executee. Well, before you need to... Starting at the end of 1999, the number of transplants taking place just exploded.

China carries out more organ transplant surgeries than any country besides the United States. But unlike other countries, China has no effective organ donation program. That's because culturally, Chinese people believe the body must stay intact even after death. China's deputy minister of health, Huang Zhefu, has suggested that there are 7,000 transplants every year from the deceased, and that more than 90% come from executed prisoners.

The number of criminal executions in China is classified as a state secret, but Amnesty International's estimate is about 1,700. The numbers just didn't add up. It's just too large of a discrepancy there. With only 1,700 executed criminals and no effective donation system, where did the rest of the ordains come from?

Zhao Shuhuan was put in a Chinese labor camp because she practices Falun Gong. Every single student, he would like us to heal his body and heal our blood.

Every single student. We estimate that in the period between 2000 and 2005, there were 41,500 transplants, which have no other explained source. I'm absolutely convinced that over a long period from 1999 onwards.

group. Doctors would come into the camps, they would look in their eyes, they would examine their organs with ultrasound and the like, and they were the only people in these camps who were medically examined thoroughly. In 2006, two Canadians, international human rights lawyer David Matis and former Secretary of State for Asia-Pacific David Kilgore, started to investigate allegations of forced organ harvesting in China. They found at least 52 points of circumstantial evidence including websites of chinese hospitals offering matching organs in less than a week it's just not possible unless you have an unlimited source of organs and these are people who are alive we're talking about live donors the actual transplant surgery itself was the form of execution these are living people that were killed for their organs makes you think of some grotesque restaurant where you go in and you pick your lobster in a tank. But these are human beings

we're talking about. The military's making money off of it. The hospitals are making money off of it. The middlemen are making money off of it. And we talk about money. We're talking about a

multi-million dollar operation. Journalist and author Ethan Gutman decided to carry out his own And journalist and author Ethan Guttman decided to carry out his own independent investigation. We had witnesses of disappearances, people who had been examined and then had disappeared, bus loans, entire prison warrants, which had been emptied out. And the signs began to look like something much, much bigger.

Veterans and house Christians, millions of Falun Gong practitioners are being persecuted in China for their beliefs. In 1999, Communist Party leader Jiang Zemin issued orders to break them financially, ruin their reputations, and destroy them physically. Since then, thousands of Falun Gong practitioners have disappeared without a trace. What happened to the disappeared?

As far as we know, they're still there in these camps. Many of them had been killed through organ harvesting, but the rest are still there, and they're the organ data bank for China. Around 1999, there were around 150 transplant centers. Six, seven years later, they had 600 transplantation centers.

This is an increase by 300% within such a short period of time without an organ donation program. Military hospitals get watched in China, okay? There is nothing they can do without the party central taking note of what they're doing. Was this run by triads? No.

this is run by the state this was murder and it came from the state this is a crime against humanity we should do our best to identify those specific individuals who are engaged in this and put them on the list of people who deserve to be brought to justice in 2006 when this came out and we realized that they were killing prisoners of conscience for their organs. It was doctors that took the front line trying to stop this. Every day there are a dozen of people that executed or killed four organs in China. So we have to bring out the message.

We have to inform medical doctors to stop this practice.

But it's not only the medical community that's getting informed. The U.S. State Department mentioned allegations of forced organ harvesting in its annual human rights report on China in 2011 for the first time. On October 3rd, 106 U.S. congressional representatives

signed this bipartisan Dear Colleague Letter to the State Department, demanding they reveal information on organ harvesting that they may have obtained from their sources in China. This barbaric human rights abuse must be stopped, but to stop it, we first have to further expose it. And with even more petitions circulating online, The issue is starting to get worldwide attention, but more needs to be done. What did we say? It's amazing.

We're going to Manhattan and Hungary and Romania and Poland. Buying up. No problem. We're going to come to every place.

It's really interesting. It's interesting because we're the country, in all of a sudden. They control the media.

The death of a people is create a state of circumstances within which people cannot bind themselves to their nationality. If you steal the people away from their nationality, then you take away their mission on the earth. All sense of belonging and meaning, you steal it away from them. and naturally if the people do not have a sense of meaning and a higher purpose give themselves over to materialism and end up chasing their own happiness for five years or ten years they'll chase it all across the globe if they have to until one day they wake up and realize how hopelessly depressed they are and this is the inevitable result of being with without a purpose, without a spirit.

And so people end up going to doctors and they say, Doctor, I'm feeling tired all the time. I'm depressed all the time. I'm anxious. I don't know what I'm doing with my life.

Doctor says to them, he says, Sir or Madam, I have a chemical misfire in your drugs to make you feel better. You've got a special condition, he says. So take these drugs. It will make it better.

The only problem is, the drugs make everything worse. and get addicted to them. International pharmaceutical companies thus make billions and billions of dollars off this progressing death of the human, and it was all thanks to a lack of national spirit, a lack of which is not to think only of ourselves, put ourselves second enhancement of adoration itself, for this life tries to destroy your sense of belonging, and you must want to enter the mat on your shoulders. When the cops questioned me they eventually found out that I was a genius and then they told me that I should lower myself to them so they could understand me.

In slightly different words I told them fuck you. I think it's very sad how I present countless amounts of evidence as to all that I say but I still get in trouble for doing it. I still get called crazy even though what I'm saying is truth and backed with the truth. I wouldn't mind so much if it was just people calling me crazy but when I get in trouble with the authorities because of it, now that's just wrong.

Because here in fake New World Order, people are judged on their words, and not the evidence in which back their words.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



20-Ivory-Heart-III-Take-04-IV-Road-2-Damascus

magic let's give it a test run see how it works against me I said previously that slip slop slap is bullshit I did get burnt when traveling that mountain and I am sore but I still stand by my statement because that's what happens sometimes and we need to ensure that it doesn't happen too often but to avoid it by using sunscreen all the time is avoiding who we are. In most cases it only takes a human three days and three nights to heal. If you are prone to getting burnt, do use sunscreen if that's what you want, but becoming addicted to such substances isn't necessarily healthy for you. It is time for us humans to no longer fear death, and if we do this, then I promise you that our mortality rates will decline exclude me from your species as much as you want but the fact still remains that we share a similar biological makeup in truth we probably come from the same place you just haven't remembered yet we're in the same place at one time this many vehicles it's just one little Well, I've seen everybody blind.

That's all. You're not so far. Care may soon be knocking at your door. Literally, a brand new federal program will spend a quarter of a billion dollars, 224 million taxpayer dollars to send government home inspectors to your house.

This is a more, a greater opportunity for an intrusion directly into your home. Therefore, you are subject to a random, unannounced inspection of your home by the Obamacare people. Well, the Department of Homeland Security is looking at a security manager who's in charge of buying weapons and ammunition he reportedly moonlights as a hate-spewing anti-white activist online. According to his website, in order for black people to survive, quote, a lot of whites need to be killed.

Why is a guy like this still working for the federal government? Look, this is DHS, Department of Homeland Security. This is the same exact agency that was issuing warnings to local law enforcement on domestic terrorism about Catholics and Christians and returning Army veterans. This is outrageous that somebody who's in charge of buying weapons and ammunition for the federal government to keep the homeland safe wants to kill white people and it's perfectly fine with broadcasting it to the world.

The ultimate firearm that changed the world. The famed Kalashnikov assault rifle. In the Central Russian Republic of Edmurtsia, as in the rest of the country, members of the Special Operations Unit of the Ministry of Internal Affairs rely almost exclusively on Kalashnikovs. June 25, 2013, in Washington, D.C., the Russian Emergency Situations Ministry, Russia's equivalent to FEMA, signed an agreement with FEMA to, quote, exchange experts during joint rescue operations and major disasters.

This, according to the Russian Ministry for Civil Defense website. The civil defense website, however, goes on to discuss something that appears to be much more sinister. Russian so-called experts will be engaged in, quote, monitoring and forecasting emergency situations, training of rescuers development of mine rescuing and provision of security at mass events this last line that of providing security at mass events has many people worried if russian experts were brought in during a disaster we would have russian so-called security forces let's call them what they really are russian soldiers on american soil confiscating guns from american citizens. Let us also remember that after the Boston Marathon terrorist attack, de facto martial law was declared in the Watertown and surrounding areas, looking for the unarmed teenager Jakar Sameev. Hundreds of militarized police conducted illegal house-to-house searches. Citizens were

taken into custody without being charged with a crime. If a de facto or declared martial law took place. Would these Russian soldiers be alongside a militarized police? Would there come a time when the Russian soldiers were actually the ones in charge during the martial law? What is our own

government, the rogue administration of Barack Hussein Obama doing? Devastating is something that or necessarily will be likely to be an adversary. It can be carried out by the sun. You very substantial u.s that go down outside of the new york times their headline read as worries over the power grid rise a drill will simulate a knockout blow the drill is called grid x2 it's an emp simulation the exercise is an entire north american wide exercise interestingly enough The final planning phase is October 1.

Due to resource constraints caused by sequestration, Air Force Space Command officials have directed the 21st Space Wing to prepare to discontinue operations at the Air Force Space Surveillance System by October 1. By discontinuing operations, the Space Surveillance System would not be maintained in operational status. By deactivating the Space Surveillance System by October 1, AFS-PC would see a cost savings of approximately $14 million per year. I have received a possible emergency FEMA Region 3 alert.

FEMA Region 3 consists of Washington, D.C., Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania, Virginia, and West Virginia. This alert was sent to us by Senator Sheldon R. Songstad, retired of South Dakota State. FEMA purchase orders for over $14.2 million for MREs and heater meals to be delivered to Region 3 by October 1st.

FEMA purchase orders for 2 million pouches of emergency water to be delivered to FEMA Region 3 by October 1st. FEMA purchase orders for $13.6 million for MREs and heater meals to be delivered to Austin by October 1st. first nine-week training course for UN peacekeepers in CONUS to learn urban warfare they're learning urban warfare and they need to learn English and U.S. weapons systems we're having foreign soldiers learn our U.S. weapons systems this has been going on since the fourth week of July for

386,000 troops to be completed by October 1st, $11 million in antibiotics to be delivered to FEMA Region 3 by October 1st, ordered by the CDC. The World Health Organization held their second emergency meeting in its history, the second meeting in its entire history, to discuss MERS coronavirus. Determined a vaccine must be in place by October 1st. 2,800 MRAPs must be delivered to DHS by October 1st. Then we were informed of a global EMP threat

saying the earth barely missed taking a massive solar punch in the teeth two weeks ago, an electromagnetic pulse so big that it could have knocked out power, cars, and iPhones throughout the United States. No leave will be allowed for U.S. military from September 28th through November 5th. NORCOM yearly training for civil unrest is to be suspended until September 27th 7th to be performed in Northeast coastal areas Date for release of QE3 report is to be moved to October 16th All DHS agents must qualify with sidearm shotgun and AR-15 by September 28th No mention of yearly less lethal qualification The sporadic testing of GPS and communications satellites is coordinated for the very first time ever, with a testing date of September 29th.

POTUS mandates to FEMA and DHS concerning support for metropolitan communities dealing with the extreme climate change must be complete by October 1st.

These mandates were issued during the last three weeks. Over 300 school systems in the U.S. have determined their three-day kits for each school and three-day kits for each student to take with them. All deliveries are scheduled for the month of September.

All National Guard units will complete riot control and disaster assistance training during this year's annual two-week training. all units must have their training complete by September 30th. Daily testing of emergency broadcast system to begin on September 25th and run through October 2nd. Eastern-based Coast Guard units to perform massive group training, usually performed in the Gulf, in the Virginia and Delaware areas.

This is a 10-day training mission to begin September 26th.

It's all in the past. On the east coast of the U.S., a big mystery. Since June, an unusually high number of dead bottlenose dolphins have washed up on beaches from New Jersey to Virginia. And this month alone, at least 28 dead dolphins have washed ashore.

Experts don't know exactly what's causing it yet. This summer, dolphins have washed up from New Jersey down to North Carolina, but Virginia has seen the most, leaving the state's volunteer rescue staff so overwhelmed, they've even asked the public for help.

This is very alarming to us. Our July numbers were seven times higher. Mind you as the day gets closer so you can stock up on snacks and beverages, but a comet is coming, a big and brilliant comet arriving in November 2013. It could potentially be 15 times brighter than the moon and visible in broad daylight over the U.S.

We will be your comet network and we'll keep you updated. the panic and havoc seen in the russian urals last winter when a meteor the size of a house exploded in the skies well we could be set for a repeat scientists say the huge rock might not have been flying solo as first thought but rather as part of a group of asteroids which still pose a threat to us is that what we're looking at here guys something's just not right i would say this was some kind of marker or something if it was not for this cloud pull it up get it close this is the real image of what's inside that cloud i don't know what the cover-up is but there is a there's something going on um why they're doing it so different than they have the other comets this is what they should be doing but not what they're doing see people don't believe me Will a tsunami wipe me out? Titans. How does this make any sense at all?

Weren't we supposed to dance at your festival, dear Aphrodite? Do you know anything about this Venus festival? Do you know anything about the Venus festival in Paris? Venus.

Would you like to come, yes please? please. We can dance at the festival because we really need to see what I'm talking about because it's beneficial to everybody. It's not just mankind. It's every single being

out there. So if you guys don't understand, I've already died. Easter Monday is on Monday. I've already died. Look for three. I released six episodes. That's what God wants. Because

our wounds will heal. Good morning, beautiful. First, 1955, defiance, Rosa Potts refused to surrender her bus seat to a white man. It's pretty painful, too. This is how we heal, world. We do

crazy stuff, and then we reap those consequences, and then we become immortal from them because the This snake will peel its old skin and avoiding this will lose your immortality. It is a never ending process of refinement. You have to love nature. I will give credit where it is due.

Yesterday the community center did give me like $25 out of their spare change to buy some food and they charged my battery. However, they did this pretty much saying never come back to us. So my points still stand. I do appreciate them doing this for me because it meant I didn't have to starve, but tomorrow is always another day.

Breakfast. Just add some salt and pepper, and it's pretty good. If you have chili flakes, then you are more prepared than I am. Want it warm?

Apollo will take care of that for you. This is the life of many, many, many Australians, but unfortunately most of them do not have the capability to document it. Most of them are brainwashed into thinking that somehow it is their fault. That is how they keep them quiet, by processing them through their mental institutions in In order to convince them that it is their problem and when they come to accept this through indoctrination, then they let them go and then they continue these lives but keep quiet about it because now they think that it's their fault.

The biomedical model of medicine cannot be applied to the psychology or the spirit and And a lot of times, not even the biology. All of these groups that ban me, what do you think will happen to their souls? Two sets of verses for you here, I'm already showing you one of them. But if the watcha see the sword come, and blow not the trumpet, and the people be not warned when the sword come and take any person from among them yo is taken away in yo iniquity and yo's blood will I dream of a day in which we can stop talking about race and instead talk about character because every skin color has the potential to become a god and if you are going to enslave any then you are enslaving potential gods listen to your chiefs either way you look at it Even though all of our hands are dirty in this, the truth is that the source of the problem is the problem. How did those slaves get there and why were they put through that process?

if you have a slave then why is that slave a slave and then if you are to sell that slave then how did that slave become a commodity to do so who is healthier you who worries about hygiene all the time and dying from what you cannot see, or me who you forced to not worry about hygiene. Russian airspace forces destroyed a Turkish convoy which had arrived in the border Syrian town of Azaz from Turkey. Azaz is under the control of pro-Turkish terrorist groups. According to reports, Russian warplanes destroyed 20 trucks and 7 militants.

10 militants were injured. The Russian air force increased the number of airstrikes over the Turkmen mountains, British Mountains and the Prophet Jonah Mountains of northern Latakia. According to field reports, the Russian warplanes and their helicopter gunships have already conducted three dozen airstrikes in this area. Meanwhile, Moscow is ready to defend its military grouping in Syria.

The Russian guided missile cruiser Moskva, together with escort ships, arrived at the shore zone of northern Latakia near the Turkish border to defend the Russian air forces from any threats. S-400 Triumph anti-aircraft weapons systems are deploying at the Russian Air Force base in Latakia. In turn, Turkey started a military build-up at the Syrian border. According to the media report, Ankara moved at least 20 additional battle tanks from the western provinces to the border with Syria.

The Syrian Arab Army, SAA, in coordination with the National Defense Forces, NDF, and the Palestine Liberation Army, PLA, seized the strategic Marj al-Sultan Hawash al-Norla road that leads to the village of Marj al-Sultan. This success came after a series of intense firefights with the Jaj al-Islam and al-Musra terrorist groups. The terrorists retreated to the village of Marj al-Sultan. Now the pro-government forces are advancing to the village of Marj al-Sultan.

This point is important to launch full-scale military operations in the sector. The pro-government forces' mock-up operations in the eastern countryside of Aleppo have successfully ended in the liberation of all the villages and farms and in the recapturing of the Aleppo-Raqa highway near the Kweris airbase. The Syrian forces completely cut off the ISIS supply route from Raqqa.

Over the past three days, Russian warplanes have conducted 134 sorties hitting 449 targets in the provinces of Aleppo, Damascus, Idlib, Latakia, Hama, Homs, Raqqa and Deir Ezoa. The main targets were the Anusra terrorist group with allies and ISIS. The Russian Air Force has targeted a number of the terrorist supply routes from Turkey. The Syrian forces intensified their military operations in eastern Kota in the Damascus countryside.

Pro-government sources argue that the army clashed with terrorists from Jaish al-Islam to the east of Harasta city. A large group of terrorists were reportedly killed. The Syrian army, backed by popular defense groups, regained control of Etiel Umkadom, Darat al-Sayyid, Jabal al-Ramilah and Talol al-Soud in the south-eastern countryside of Homs. Rashid Bigdash, one of the Free Syrian Army FSA leaders, was killed in clashes with the Syrian army north of Latakia.

Sources said Bigdash is the highest-ranking defector from the Syrian army that has been killed in Syria. Big Dash reportedly coordinated Turkey's downing of the Russian SU-24 from the Turkmen terrorist side. On Thursday, the U.S. bank group FSA issued a statement that demanded that the predominantly Kurdish People's Protection Units, YPG, withdraw from seven villages in northern Aleppo, Mariamin, Anab, Shawahra, Tanib, Kashtar, Mirash and Cambria.

The YPG has 48 hours to do this. The statement followed the recent tensions following the abduction of several members of the YPG and their allies from Jaish al-Thuwar in the Aleppo Governorate. If the Kurdish forces do not withdraw from the villages, the FSA and their allies from Harakad Arar al-Sham and al-Nusra will start a military operation against the YPG. Considering that the U.S. relies on the Syrian Kurds in a possible advance on Raqqa planned by Washington,

it becomes clear that the U.S.-backed terrorists have no will to confront ISIS. and seek only power for themselves. Separately, it confirms that the U.S. doesn't have any reliable force with which to build an alternative to Assad's power in Syria.

The human domain. And let me read. Success within the human domain depends on the application of the unique capabilities that are designed to influence, fight, and win in population-centric conflicts. To achieve the goal of nurturing, influence, and winning the population-centric conflicts, the ARSOF approach will be to, quote, and this is important, first understand the population within the context of the operational environment, and then take meaningful action to effectively influence human behavior towards achieving an outcome.

So this is about how to manipulate, how to brainwash, how to win population over in order to... That was from this document. Do you see the eye? Document, which is dated back to 2010, it is essentially the federal directive that authorizes legal military force by both active duty persons as well as the National Guard units and reservist forces in support of police to be used against citizens, that's U.S. citizens, on any kind of civil matter,

on any kind of civil uprising, emergency, civil unrest. And this DOD objective, the reason that they had to issue it, is because this completely goes against posse comitatus law that we have currently in place. This basically steps all over it, and they don't even care. But, so in the event of some kind of civil uprising, we have military that, National Guard that can all work with the police force.

Not to mention, all right, so there's our commander in chief. We need, Justice Department creates domestic terrorism units. So it says, Assistant Attorney General John P. Cauldron delivers remarks on domestic terrorism at an event co-sponsored by the Southern Poverty Law Center and the George Washington University Center for Cyber and Homeland Security Program on Extremism.

Now here, in this entire report, and I've read it in its entirety, it gets specifically into violent extremism is a problem. They say it's not only a problem, but it's a problem domestically. And they get into both, which was good to hear. But he talks about both ISIS and ISIL and homegrown terrorism.

But there are some parts in here that I want to show you. Let me scroll to that. Well, first, let me show you this. It says the partnership serves as a reminder that violent extremism is not a new phenomenon, nor one that is limited to any population, religion, or ideology.

Could be anyone, in other words. He goes on a little further to say that today's event is a good start to that conversation, talking about terrorism. We are here to talk about combating domestic terrorism, which the FBI has explained as Americans attacking Americans based on U.S.-based extreme ideologies. You know, I thought one of our biggest problems was ISIS and terrorism and whatnot.

And apparently what's even bigger, and you're going to find later, is American homegrown terrorism. And, you know, that is so, but they said much attention has focused on the inspired by Al-Qaeda and the Islamic State of Iraq or ISIL message of hate, violence spreading worldwide and reaching homes in America through the group's unprecedented social media recruitment efforts, and rightly so. But today is a good opportunity to focus the conversation broadly on violent extremism here as America. The threat ranges from individual motivated by anti-government to eco-radicalism to racism as it has for decades.

So what's associated with extremism?

Stockpiling of illegal weapons, explosive, biological, yeah, you know, all these are correct. But the problem that I have is there's other documents, such as the right-wing extremist document. If you haven't read it, read it. Which specifically targets, if you believe in the New World Order, you have the potential to be a terrorist.

Also, Project Megiddo. If you have not read that one, I highly encourage it. In which, if you believe in the New World Order or believe in anti-Bible prophecies, actually both of those state that, then you can be and have potential to be a terrorist. Now, while that's not listed here, it's definitely on other documents.

which is why I have an issue with these things. Now, is it okay for them to, excuse my phone, attack anyone or target anyone who is a threat to the country? Absolutely. But don't call people who have a certain ideology just because we believe in the New World Order.

We're not violent people. We're just... ...anyone or target anyone who is a threat to the country. Absolutely.

But don't call patriots, Patriots, people who have a certain ideology just because we believe in the New World Order, we're not violent people. We're just people who are exposing corruption. That's what they don't like. That's why the IRS targeted groups such as the Tea Party, because they didn't want to, you know, we have the whole Tea Party issue and the IRS issue going on, because they want to limit opposition, political decisions.

How are we to counter this? The Attorney General announced the launch of the Strong Cities Network, the first ever network of city leaders from around the world involved in building community resilience. What that is, and I've gone through that before, is that Strong Cities Network is a New World Order network that links Paris to Detroit to New York in order to combat internal terrorism. Even though I am on no one's side, the truth is I am on everyone's side.

No matter what happens, it benefits me.

All of these individuals who are bringing you real news are my people, despite what they believe. I have caught Lisa Haven speaking nonsense multiple times, yet she is still mine. you fuck with her you will have to answer for that armed with ar-15s give no notice as they terrify students and teachers in a mock school shooting police gave students and teachers a shocking surprise when an active shooter drill locked down the winter haven jewel middle academy near tampa florida students said that they were terrified by police officers who burst into their school as part of a drill that they were not told about beforehand. And to make matters worse, teachers were not told either. Lauren Marionew, a seventh grader at the school, told local news

that the police officers who burst through the doors were armed with AR-15s. She said she was in dire fear for her life, as were other students. Quote, we actually thought someone was going to come in there and kill us. But police say these types of drills are vital in order to evaluate not only law enforcement response, but more importantly, to educate students and school officials in case an actual event were ever to occur. Chief Charlie Bird said that parents

were notified of the drill through email, but this was actually only after the drill had taken place. Winter Haven Police Chief Charlie Bird said, quote, it's very important that when you do your drill, you do it without everyone knowing it's a drill. How you train in how you prepare is how you're going to react when everything goes bad. It really is to protect the children, and at no point in time would we endanger any of the kids. Polk County Public

School spokesman Jason Greery defended the drill, saying, quote, unfortunately, no one gets an advance notice of real-life emergencies. We don't want students to be scared, but we want them to be safe. So let's get this straight. We don't want kids to be scared, but we're going to come in with a bunch of big guys, fully armed, pointing their guns in kids' faces, but we don't want them to be scared. And never mind post-traumatic stress disorder, these kids are going to be

messed up trying to learn. What is terrorism for $666? It just crashed. Be messed up trying to learn, thinking that the whole time they're in there trying to learn social studies, somebody's going to come through the door to kill them. And another

Another thing to consider, what if a concealed carry teacher was sitting in the classroom and pulled her weapon on one of the cops who failed to inform the teachers that this was going to happen? What are your thoughts on this? Is this just another example of police gone wild? If you liked this video and we earned your subscription, hit the subscribe button, then thumbs up.

It is not me who is instilling fear in people. It is God. So by society's logic, God is a terrorist and must be destroyed. Yo government are not terrorists, and they should be preserved.

I have never promoted violence, and in fact just the opposite. I have only promoted exposing corruption, aka terrorism. It is a sad day when peaceful individuals who spend their lives trying to do good become the terrorists. It is a sad day when yo saviors become the terrorists.

Because the very day that World War 3 started, I hit the nail on the head. I'll post this to every Illuminati site that lets me, because getting rich is loving. And I love her so much that I will not stop. We never know what's true anymore.

What will you believe? I'll just know outside of human knowledge it's much easier, infidels. What every good man should want. A Kanoichi.

This is my people's. We'll see. Invoking the angels and archangels in favor of protection. I say, you don't speak logic.

It's not just one case. Tautologically implemented. Their lives, like, should be more than that. The government can't continue.

Needs to be a Thedon, or not at all. them because they judge themselves and how would you judge yourself if you did something wrong



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



20-Ivory-Heart-III-Take-05-V-Greensleeves

The fast food industry is toying with a new idea. Now, with so many workers clamoring for higher pay, many executives in the fast food market are looking toward robots as their next new hires. The burger-making robot will cost millions of dollars to develop, but if they can build one that lasts, corporate investors say it could end up being much cheaper than raising the minimum wage to $15 an hour. A company called Momentum Machines has already made a robot that can put out one burger every 10 seconds, and it literally does everything, from slicing the tomatoes and pickles to grinding the meat and toasting the bun.

The company says their new machine is more sanitary, more consistent, and more productive than a human workforce. Early tests put out more than 360 burgers every hour. They're also working on a new machine that could take it a step further. This new robot would allow customers to custom order their meat.

The machine can custom grind the meat, so customers can request any combination of beef, bison, or pork all cooked to order. Automated manufacturing systems, very similar to this one, have already put thousands of Americans out of work in warehouses around the country. This new technology is ready to go. All McDonald's and Burger King have to do is cut the check and send out a few pink slips.

Before you know it, the people fighting for a higher wage floor might soon end up sleeping on the streets.

Look, they deleted it. They deleted the whole place. It's not there anymore.

We're back. I told you.

Let us all heal. It is our last chance.

The snake will shed its skin. 9-1-1 9-1-1 9-1-1 9-1-1 9-1-1 9-1-1 9-1-1 9-1-1 9-1-1 9-1-1 9-1-1 9-1-1 Hello. Why are you here? Hello? See you later. Have a good day.

I love the healing process. It's so beautiful.

It's like everybody is blinded. I can see.

I have been studying all of this since childhood. Why am I not appropriate as a candidate? Look what everybody's missing. I'm not.

How many times do I have to say it before they understand?

And I will put enmity between thee and thy woman, and between thy seed and her seed. It shall bruise thy head, and thou shalt bruise his heel.

We are waking up, but I have been awake my entire life, and I am being excluded from that process.

Do you know what gave it away? It was the ads from the beginning, the very beginning. Why am I being shown this? This makes no sense.

It was easy.

Also, my tears would be responded to with hostility and not logic.

Those tarps would have been very helpful right now to shade myself from the sun.

It was why I purchased them.

If at first you don't succeed, try, try again.

So they said last time before they didn't submit it. I don't even know the chances of this footage going live because I don't have any way to publish it. Peace, and you can have it in the next surrender. In any course we follow, the spirit tells us no choose. I chose peace over war, and now people call me a terrorist for doing that. Make your next choice wisely, for it will determine the future of your world.

The heat is used to be made by the water. The heat is now coming into the heat. The heat is getting cooled and it's going to be a bit of water. The heat is flowing with the water.

The heat is flowing with the water. The heat is flowing with the water. The油 is done. We can cook the oil because we can cook the oil.

We can cook the gas or diesel oil or oil. We can use it. If you can use it, we can use it. We can use it.

We can use it. We can use it. We can use it. It's a way of using it.

1kg of plastic is about 1L.

1kg of plastic is about 3kg of CO2. But, add that to the power of the power, add the heat and return to石油. At this point, the CO2 has reduced 80% of 80%. Bullcrap.

That's the truth. why did my bank allow me to go in debt like that it's going to charge me probably like $50 now because it did that the thing is I've been telling them not to do that for a very very long time now and the thing is they say that their systems don't update quick enough but look at what age we live in and then recognize the truth if someone's excuse is that the system won't let them then that means that they have chosen their God as the system when the system causes people to be poor and homeless then there is a major problem with the system and it must be abolished and implemented with a new functioning system otherwise everybody who implements that system and forces it on its people is going to hell just so you are aware the chips that they want to insert into people's brains is alien technology that was stolen see the ads like why would they put those ads in this which the US of A has studied for a long time and then reproduced some of this is good but some of it's sick too until they find they're one brave new world I cops three mark of the bees video check out the original video if you haven't already seen it to break down how the zombies in campaign mode within black ops 3 a blatant depictions of mark of the beast symbology as well as literal microchip implants into the soldiers brains Jenska I will burn how How funny. You're so cool. Any time for you, my dear.

At the UN General Assembly this week, the US and Russia pointed fingers at one another for the devastating war in Syria and the resulting refugee crisis. Obama took a subtle jab at Putin's defense of the Syrian government, saying... In accordance with this logic, we should support tyrants like Bashar al-Assad, who drops barrel bombs to mask her innocent children, because the alternative is surely worse. Ghana's kind of right about Russia.

The country has sent tanks and aircraft, as well as military advisors, to beef up Assad's defenses. But the U.S. is by no means an innocent bystander. Weapons the U.S. supply to rebel opposition groups in Syria have inadvertently ended up in the hands of al-Qaeda.

And in Iraq, weapons meant for the Iraqi army ended up in the hands of ISIS. In fact, the U.S. happens to be the biggest arms supplier in the world. The U.S. has supplied countries like Israel, Saudi Arabia, and Egypt with complex weapons systems,

even as their governments have been blamed for committing human rights abuses with those weapons. The thing is, the weapons industry is big business, worth $85 billion worldwide. U.S. companies, including Lockheed Martin and Boeing, sold more than $23.7 billion in arms last year to nearly 100 different countries.

And arms exports have actually increased under Obama by 23%, the most of any administration since World War II. The majority of U.S. weapons exports end up in Asia and Oceania, although the Middle East received 32% of all exports in 2014. And because domestic sales have declined in recent years, U.S. companies have all the more reason to look abroad.

Earlier this year, Lockheed Martin CEO Marilyn Hewson said that the company is looking at the, quote, volatility in both the Middle East and Asia Pacific as a way to increase their sales internationally. In both of those regions, which are growth areas for us, there's going to continue to be things for us to bring our capabilities to them. In other words, the more war, the more profit. Now, Congress does control the export of U.S.-made weapons.

But the defense industry keeps Congress on their side with 150 million dollars in campaign contributions and lobbying last year alone. Pope Francis even called out the U.S. during a recent speech to Congress. He said the reason deadly weapons are being sold to groups and governments around the world is simply for money.

Money that is drenched in blood, often minus in blood. So is the business of war worth the profit when you consider the human cost? I sent this one around the block. Now the Illuminati will decide the fate of their souls.

No one, despite their age, should be promiscuous unless they fall in love. However we should not be ashamed of our bodies and we should create a more sexually open society. Innocence is the greatest of all virtues, and if we take that away collectively from our people, then we can never obtain it back, which means we are all doomed. So yeah, I seem to get like two days out of it. 614? 625? He's watched

shit fucking lie so to be a terrorist in this world all one has to do is spiritually terrorized terrorists i have already been blocked by a handful of illuminati groups so far so that means i reap all their souls because there's a video right in front of them and all they can do is read Pretty screwed up video. That's where my family are. The correct action against physical and mental warfare is spiritual warfare. I've been deleted from maybe 7 to 15 Illuminati groups, so here's what I have to say.

You're really good at your intuition. See, three minutes, two minutes. Took him one minute to make that decision for that video. What, 50 something minutes? I don't think you know the words you use

on the fruitcake. I just reaped your fucking soul. Small mind? I got a small mind?

He can spout so much shit from his mouth, yet he can't watch a video. Take notes. I think I just reaped a whole shitload of people.

I did.

You gonna get it? You got it. Education.

I don't have many groups right now, so I didn't post to too many groups. So Facebook is just fucked up.

See, this is the only groups that I'm in, and that's all I was posting to. So by posting to those, then they block me. uh i wonder why so now i have to go into um here where is it i think i have to actually do it on the web i don't think i can do it through this interface yeah i can't i'll show you yeah so i just gotta remove it there it'll let me yeah i have to put my password in that's it just yo-yoing between the two accounts they are hiding me everybody is hiding me and for that everybody will pay severely do people think that the more they hide me the less these things will continue to happen God is coming back and punishing you all because the truth is even your free media is censored by the elites look at these ads like seriously like they just announced that and that's what you get so unofficially being hidden from the 12th of November and starting the seventh



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



20-Ivory-Heart-III-Take-06-VI-Harvest-of-Illuminati

It begins. It has been done.

Reaping lots of souls. A new living language. Not allowed. By this fool.

WEEEAT! See, people no longer care about their soul.

What they don't have it in them to do.

See, that's all they have is syntax. If she is not careful, she will not be just watching it. But also in it.

And then her comments are gone?

Yep.

That's why I got put in jail for exposing it. And I really hate when they use the word pedophile. It's called child molestation, mate. Or child abuse, however you want to look at it.

Because they don't, they'll put you in prison.

Repeatedly reported.

It is. And then a sports car that you never knew you always wanted. Told you. Told you.

Yeah, you'll get put in prison and a psychiatric ward. That's what happens. Yup. They target homeless kids too.

That's what needs to happen. Thoroughly. It's not. They made it so it's not.

What? Whitewash. Yeah, see, that's how they get rid of it. Yup, they're crazy.

I'm the one who's batshit crazy, and they're the one doing blood sacrifices on other people and molesting children.

You mean being crazy?

Define logic.

Define logic.

Logic means reasoning conducted or assessed according to strict principles of validity. do you think they're watching the video they can only understand text and still even then they are illiterate because the words in which they utilize are what mainstream has indoctrinated them into thinking those words mean when in fact they mean something different just did with your own blood a new living language. See? Nope. It's already mine, tool. All of y'alls are. I'm not going to. God's

taking care of it from then. I'm out of here. Done my job. I've just reaped all your fucking souls. Not a single person saved through this. No, he's not. Uh-uh. You didn't watch. Um,

no how would they say that oh yeah I know it's that but I'm not going by your timeline fools and how many people actually watched they would see if they did if it doesn't come to pass I reap a lot of fucking souls and they're no longer illuminati that's the truth those who have already spoken out of turn with arrogance and ignorance in their hearts have already been fucking reaped i did make myself very clear i don't hang around places which have rejected me i don't involve myself with soulless people this is why this is a great reap because it is finished after this very similar to the one which i did with churches early november does you see me posting to christian forums anymore why do people expect me to adhere to their timeline i will give them to the sixth on their timeline but I work starting from my timeline I've always done this sure so you can keep raping children and murdering people yeah right maintain humanity under 500 million in perpetual balance with nature guide reproduction wisely improving fitness and diversity unite humanity with a living new language Rule passion, faith, tradition, and all things with tempered reason.

Protect people and nations with fair laws and just courts.

Let all nations rule internally, resolving external disputes in a world court.

Avoid petty laws and useless officials. Balance personal rights with social duties.

Prize truth, beauty, love. Seeking harmony with the infinite.

Be not a cancer on the earth. Leave room for nature. Leave room for fucking nature.

Not impersonating if you watched you would see. They can't do it because they're fools.

I am singing many octaves.

Think what you want. I do not care. You are going to hell.

Let's do it.

See?

It'll happen.

One, two, three.

The first to be reaped. Oh wait, this is the second, isn't it? The entire fucking group. How many people of those do you think watched the video?

You can tell by their language. Because those who see will be prepared to combat my magic.

And those who do not watch will reap their own fucking souls. The truth is, I don't reap souls. I just set the guidelines about how souls are reaped. And the people do the rest for me.

I won't stop looking for ivory. It does not matter how many times I fell. Because the more I fell, the more powerful I get. They could not even Google Project Bluebird.

Monarch programming is very real. I just happened to be the first successful experiment.

How is this holy? The world calls me, but it's not. I didn't come out of my mother's womb saying, hey, everybody, I'm black. No, I was taught to be black.

And you were taught to call me that, along with whatever you call yourself. It's just a label. see from birth the world force feeds us these labels and eventually we all swallow them we digest them except the labels never ever doubting them but there's one problem labels are not you and labels are not me labels are just labels but who we truly are is not skin deep see when I drive my car no one would ever confuse the car for when I drive me down. I'm saying this, my whole life. Mental

health says that schizophrenia is associated with disorder.

is found inside listen i'm not here to tell you how science has concluded that genetically we're all mixed and race in the human species doesn't exist or how every historian knows that race was invented in the 15th century to divide people from each other and it has worked perfectly no i'm not here to lecture i just want to ask one question who would you be if the world never gave you a label never gave you a box to check Mexican Asian Native American Middle Eastern Indian no we will be together longer living in the whole brainwashed I think that you've killed her actually and we're not strangers no I've been studying her my entire life this is her ideology now bow to aphrodite because people no longer care about evidence unless that evidence comes from mainstream media oh hey wake up I did post a video I didn't just write shit this is all almost done I have covered my bases and hit a home run no matter what happens Wendell stop murdering and raping your children society you are a fool you are a mortal who thinks that you are a god really are Are you sure? I'm pretty sure that you don't understand these dimensions. I'm pretty sure I can do whatever the fuck I want because I will create your reality and I will show you pain to its full extent. I will show you pain from the fucking soul.

Everybody is immortal. It's just how you choose to spend that immortality and you'll spend it nightly for the rest of your life. Pipsqueak. You're fucking reaped. Come on. Come on. Yes, do that.

Tonight, the daughter of the woman in this video, who was repeatedly punched by a CHP officer, got to see her mother in the hospital. She is outraged by what was caught on camera as the CHP continues its internal investigation. NBC4's Jane Yamamoto was the first to talk to the family today, and she is live in Willowbrook with more on what they're saying about the incident. Jane. And Kathy, the victim's daughter tells me she wants justice for her mom. She has not been

able to see her mom since the CHP confrontation, and that all changed today. Today was the first day that I was finally able to see her and talk to her, and I just thank God that she's alive. Her voice shaking, Myesha Alums talks about her mom, Marlene Pinnock, the woman in this disturbing CHP confrontation. A CHP officer is seen punching Pinnock several times. He hit her

over and repeatedly and repeatedly over. She wasn't even putting up a fight. A passing motorist captured part of it on this cell phone video Tuesday around 540 in the evening while Pinnock walked barefoot on the 10 freeway ramp near La Brea. She was reportedly ordered by a CHP officer to stop, but when she ignored him, CHP says it set off a physical altercation that is now the focus of an internal investigation. We're looking at every possibility, every fact, every circumstance

that have contributed to this situation. The officer is seen repeatedly punching Penick. Myesha says her mom suffered severe injuries, just the opposite of what the CHP is saying. The report indicated that the individual was not injured and the officer didn't notice any injuries on the individual.

The CHP's representation that there were no injuries is absolutely false. She has suffered multiple injuries. While the family didn't answer my question on why Penick was wandering on the freeway, They say whatever the reason, it doesn't justify the officer's behavior lashing out so violently. I don't see he used such extreme force on her.

CHP booked Pinnock on a 72-hour hold for a mental evaluation. The family is not saying whether Pinnock, a mother, sister, and great-grandmother, suffers from mental illness. But her daughter told me there is one thing she wants for her mom. I just want justice for my mom.

And tonight, Pinnock remains here at Martin Luther King Hospital. She is in the mental health department. The family says she suffered mental and physical injuries. No word on when she will be released.

Live in Willowbrook, Jane Yamamoto, NBC4 News.

I think you already knew this, but just in case you didn't.

Reasonable and necessary force? Because now, in fake New World Order, those who are nonviolent, who protest against war, are terrorists. Don't do that. good luck everybody when I was in prison one of the guards told me to put my face up against the glass I did that because they told me to and then he booted the glass as hard as he could since I was on my knees my head went back and I fell backwards and my back of my head went back on the concrete and then i lost consciousness for a short while and then i woke up and i said okay you're gonna do it again not a single person has been able to answer this question what have i done wrong yet they have not hesitated to incarcerate me countless times i don't have a criminal history because stupid charges get dropped i don't have any power left And my car, Red Joe, is about to expire.

But today, God's salt will heal my wounds and wash my clothes. For all of nature is with me, and all who are against nature are against me. You eat this? Beautiful.

it is called natural laws in which you have all violated i did it all within an hour bang god wins arigato gozaimashite i had to redeem some of my valuables as collateral until i get paid but tell me what you think it's a nice spot yeah she'll do oh thank you god It's been like a week.

It's a beautiful world.

Spread your wings and fly.

Getting water anytime you want because I, ha, ha, was refused water many times in this town. And now, how, how, I can have as much of it that I want. because now how how in the fake new world order water is not free and is poisoned in California here's the earliest known footage at the scene I'm just gonna let this cycle here for a little bit it doesn't get any more fake than these two jokers here are crisis actors well she's almost smite none of these people look like they got shot they're just chillin having a time you won't see this footage anywhere else it's already been erased from the narrative because it looks so fake but what this tells us is that the gun grab is in full effect they're desperate they want your guns and they're gonna keep staging fake ass shit like this until they can pass a law that disarms the population none of these people are really crying not one of them look like they took a bullet not one of them You don't think the city of San Bernardino has enough ambi- No, instead they got them lying on the street so you can see their fake asses pretending to be in pain. Oh the horror, the shock, look!

People should be marching on the street demanding impeachment. Enough with this fake ass false flag bullshit. They don't even believe what they preach. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!

INFIDELS! Yep, and when you do that, you're called a terrorist.

Oh well, he has all my stuff.

Easy come, easy go. Don't need stuff like a birth certificate or anything.

It's okay.

What the cops did was really rude, and it forced me out of there very quickly. What my roommate did was really rude, and it forced me out of there very quickly.

Daniel.

Fucking spy. Call the cops on me when I'm about to leave for a destination. Good job.

The new skin is better, tougher, and stronger.

I can't get this whole conversation because I got blocked.

This guy right here? Yeah, get him.

Because that whole fucking form just got reaped and the blood is on his fucking head. isn't it funny how I stand up to all evil and when time and time and time again in fact I've never lost I just get blocked it's getting blocked losing it's called logic mate and these fools can't do it how powerful are Satanists when When their only line of defense is blocking, whose magic is more powerful? Because I am who I say I am. And sometimes they speak about the spiritual world and entirely misapprehend it.

But they speak with authority because this is the way it is. humans know all from human fucking knowledge you're all fucking idiots do you want to know about the spirit world about its tangible existence do you want to know about its shapes and forms they are whatever the fuck I say they are Because the job to create the underworld was handed to me, Hephaestus, the fallen fucking angel.

See? False flag followed by... bang.

I actually thank you, Obama, because it makes it much easier on me. Get rid of the guns. However, martial arts weapons? Let them be free.

You know, those things you actually have to train in to be proficient with instead of just pulling a trigger and murdering someone? I no longer care what happens. I was never in this for status. I was always just in this for my girl.

so you guys do whatever the fuck you want and i'll reap most of you and the very few who actually have a little bit of communisensus yeah i'll give them immortality immortality for all in fact just only a few of those get to live it out the others get to die it out on the way here I saw at least 5,000 wallabies dead on the pavement. I love them and it makes me really sad when I see Roadkill. This one's a mother. How can we kill them so easily without even caring?

Look how beautiful they are and we just run over them and go... As you saw previously, I am more inclined to risk my life than theirs. Wouldn't it be awesome if the bluebird could fly and I just parked it on top of a mountain? How cool would that be?

Just because an operation is false flag doesn't mean that nobody died in it. In fact, think about it. These are blood sacrifices. Friday the 13th, 12 hours and 9 minutes after Jenska called me, 130 people dead.

This is all constructed. Except places like Iraq and Gaza. the real battle zones in which you are blinded to how fake is this one? a picture is worth one thousand words confirmed it's exclusive photos from inside the burger king the night laquan mcdonald was shot you remember that?

a store official told us six months ago that police were looking for what security cameras captured but then he said some files disappeared NBC5 political editor Carol Maureen broke this story. She's here now with the very latest. Carol? Allison and Rob, what happened that night in the Burger King is in dispute.

But as we first reported in May, a Burger King manager said 86 minutes of security footage was deleted. Police and prosecutors say that's not so. But what police may not have known is that as they were looking for security footage, another Burger King security camera was looking at them. This is a screen grab from a Burger King camera inside the office of the restaurant.

It shows at least one Chicago police officer at what appears to be the computer console. NBC5 News has been told four to five officers were inside the Burger King after the shooting of Laquan McDonald, who had run through the restaurant parking lot and onto Pulaski Road, where, approximately 11 seconds later, he was shot. As we first reported in May, Jay Darshan, a district manager for Burger King, told us both cameras and video recorders were all on and working properly the night of that shooting. But after police spent three hours inside, he said the video was gone.

Mr. Darshan, quote, we had no idea they were going to sit there and delete files. I mean, we were just trying to help the police officers, he told NBC5. Are you sure they deleted the files, we asked. Is that correct?

Mr. Darshan replied, yes. The missing video gap in the footage, Darshan said, ran from 9.13 p.m. to 10.39 p.m.

Chicago police officer Jason Van Dyke fired his first shot at 9.57, according to the charges. But last week, we asked state's attorney Anita Alvarez, who replied that no one in her judgment tampered with the Burger King video. Forensic testing was done on the Burger King surveillance system to determine if anyone tampered with the evidence, and the testing did not reveal any such evidence. Who did the testing?

That's all I meant to say on this.

Police Superintendent Gary McCarthy said there were technical difficulties with the footage and said in no way was anything tampered with. We attempted to contact two of the detectives on the scene that night, but so far we have been unsuccessful.

You're fucked.

Something happened, and there's a lot of zeros. I really like this guy. He's awesome. why do we care so much about mining oil when we can just take our plastic and make it back into oil to death easy fix now I won't get anywhere near it about a year ago Australia had a big big war about this and man I was hated so much and I actually lost friends because I Recommended for people not to get the flu shot Mm-hmm actually shortly before I got arrested. I told I actually told kids not to get the flu shot

Crap, man. We don't need to keep reading. It's pretty obvious It's Wednesday December 2nd. I'm Ashley banks in Washington DC and you're watching RT America Since the mid-1990s, members of a narcotics investigation squad for the police department in Dothan, Alabama, have been planning drugs and weapons on young black men with the approval of their superiors, one of whom is Andy Hughes, who currently serves as the state's assistant director of Homeland Security.

At the time, he was a leader in a neoconfederate group, and his supervisor, Stephen Parrish, was also a member of the group. Parrish was a lieutenant at the time, and he currently serves as the city's police chief. Documents have been released revealing corruption against young black men in the Dothan County Police Department, dating as far back as 1996. Here to join me is Emmy Award-winning legal analyst and news decoder, Lionel of Lionel Media.

Now, Lionel, how does something like this happen? It happens through a systematic cancer. Keep in mind, this isn't the usual police corruption, this isn't a cop on the take, this isn't a cop going violent, this is the systematic and deliberate targeting of African Americans and minorities by a police force who are apparently doing this by virtue of a desire to frame a particular demographic. This transcends any type of police misconduct that we normally see.

And it's years and years of not only looking the other way, but apparently actually being a part of the very cancer itself. It knows no peer. All right, Lionel. So what should happen to these police officers who are still working for the government?

Like, how should these people be punished? if found guilty or if there's enough evidence they should be frog-marched out of their police station and this also goes for prosecutors and judges if they're involved handcuffed, indicted, and imprisoned for centuries because only unless and until you send the message out that this is not going to be tolerated because I cannot say this again this is not the usual police corruption This is not a cop gone bad on the scene who shoots somebody or overreacts. This is a systematic and deliberate targeting and institutional putrescence, a cancer, within this particular, allegedly, this particular police force. And if there's any evidence of guilt, the only way to send a message is to send them away forever.

Thank you, Lionel. Life sentences. Looks like we ran out of time. That was legal, and media analyst Lionel of Lionel Media.

Well, that does it for now. For more on the stories we covered, go to YouTube.com forward slash RT America and check out our website, RT.com forward slash USA. You can also follow me on Twitter at AshleyBanks underscore RT, and don't forget to question more.

Read a teleprompter. Good job.

That's Paul LaCroix who is telling us what his son texted him. His son was apparently inside the building at the time. We're just getting a few reports now from people who were inside. We have another one, a gentleman named Marcos.

And I want you to make note of the Masonic emblem on that man's hat, and I tried to get it recorded as quickly as possible, but the man said his son was inside, that all of a sudden sirens went off, and they told them to get down on the ground, and then a short time later police came in, said they did not hear gunshots.

Now, for the big bit of information in regards to this, when you have these shooting events that are coming back to back to back and they politicize these events so quickly, they're on top of them like almost immediately with a statement to be released. now one of the most important things we look for in these events to see if there was any kind of let's just say the whole event being staged or set up or a drill going live well we look for just that to see if there was a drill going down within the same week you know you get lucky if you could find it going going down within the same day or so or at the location and when you find that nine times out of ten it's just that a false flag and what do we have here i want you to read this with your own eyes the san bernardino pd swat team was training nearby when the call came in of multiple shots fired just before 11 a.m local time they were already suited up and ready to roll which is why they were able to respond so quickly so there you have a massive drill with SWAT the whole cavalry mounted up that's why there's so many vehicles on the scene and here's a look one more time at the gentleman that is said to be the father of a man that is inside and i'll leave links so you guys can check out the rest of these details i'll keep you guys posted with more as i come across it as always the signs are there when you have a drill going down right there right around the corner i mean how close did you want them to be for this to go down and how why would anyone why would three men choose to come in and pull off an event so close to swat sitting right there why would they do that and with swat sitting right there and being on the scene so quickly we apparently have what they're saying is up to three gunmen on the loose now and they're saying potentially 12 dead now that first report of 12 dead came from the israeli massad news that was tweeted out on twitter and there's another look at the people outside now if there's three active shooters running around this place guys and they've got all these people sitting outside let's just hope that one of these three active shooters isn't in a position where he can start picking people off in the wide open. They were supposed to be getting these people, as they just stated, onto buses initially and then taken out of there safely. But as we can see, there's no buses here and all these vehicles were all undercovers or firemen. And there you guys go. Another look

at the signs hidden in plain sight here I'll leave links continue to keep you guys posted with more as I come across it this has been Dabu7 reporting on the San Bernardino shooting and this looks to be another event coming for your guns guys eyes open just so you're aware it is more expensive to live like this than in a room it's a hundred and forty dollars a week for me to live like this whereas a room is about 120 130 and that would include internet usually and sometimes power and other things but rooms are hard to find and always come with people who you don't want to be around change your media Hi, I'm Emily Deschanel. As a mother, I experience the joy of raising my son every day. But not all moms are so lucky. Like human mothers, cows carry their young for nine months and have strong maternal instincts.

And their calves would naturally consume their milk for almost a year. But mother cows on dairy farms have their young traumatically torn away from them shortly after birth so that the milk meant for their calves can be sold to people instead. On dairy farms, cows are repeatedly artificially inseminated, are kept almost constantly pregnant, and have calf after calf taken away from them. Dairy farmers genetically manipulate and often drug cows, forcing them to produce up to four and a half times the amount of milk they would naturally produce to feed their calves.

Male calves are considered little more than a byproduct, and most are either slaughtered for meat or shipped off to the horrific veal industry. veal industry, where many spend their short lives in tiny crates, unable to even turn around. Female calves are destined for the same sad fate as their mothers. Cows also suffer horrific abuses on dairy farms.

Many cows have holes punched through their ears and have their horns or sensitive horn tissue cut or burned off without any painkillers. Some farmers even remove parts of cows' tails with rubber bands or sharp knives. When their milk production declines, cows are sent to slaughter to be ground up into hamburger. The cow's natural lifespan is about 25 years, but cows used by the dairy industry are killed after only four or five years.

The best way to help cows abused by the dairy industry is to stock your fridge with delicious vegan foods. Dairy-free milk, cheese, ice cream, and yogurt are readily available at your local grocery or health food store. Please join me in standing up for all mothers by refusing to support the cruel dairy industry. You see, if we just changed it, then we could farm ethically and we could love our animals and they could give us what products they have for us and in return we take care of them, not eat them.

we only have to be vegan because we treat our animals like this we could be vegetarian if we were just nice to our animals that is why major changes must be made right now if we are to enjoy what products those animals have to give us. That means that they need to become our friends and not our food. Otherwise, veganism it is. But here's the absurdity. It costs more to be a vegetarian than it does to be

a meat eater. And even more to be a vegan. How does that make sense? I am being charged $50 every week to charge my phone and this camera so that is $190 per week that I have to pay to stay in a tent receive water and a little bit of power How does that make sense?

That is half of my paycheck, in which is almost entirely profit for them.

Why does it cost so much just to exist on this planet? How is soil owned?

How is water owned?

Maybe I am a little brainwashed, but I think they're kind of cute. I think if a young girl or boy is to imitate an adult, they must also be an adult, and that means that they must take responsible actions and be mature and wise in their decision making, which adults don't do. So, I think that if there is a child that is a superhuman, and they are wise enough to understand the consequences of their actions, then let them do whatever the fuck they want. because the society that I promote is a meritocracy and those with merit are given the freedom to be what they are. Choice that is educated and made without

indoctrination or coercion. That is freedom. Choice that comes from within in and not outside, choice that is individually contemplated for a long time before any actions are taken and not influenced by external environments. That includes your parents and your teachers and anyone else that has an influence in your child's life.

Because your child now has the capabilities to go way way way way way way way beyond you. Who are you to say what your child can and cannot do when your child is physically, mentally, and spiritually much more capable than you. And who are you to say what your child can and cannot do, considering you are the reason the world is like it is today? You adults were a failure.

Now it is time to allow your children to become the gods that you could not be. do not take orders from humans so go fuck yourself told you all you said I was crazy and locked me up listen Yeah, look, they're all there. They're all there.

Rifles and everything.

No, they're coming on to our... They're coming on to here. Well, they're running towards there. Why not?

They're coming over here. So that's where they're running from. Oh, right here. I think so. They're all about right here.

How brilliant. Make a lot of people really scared, go buy guns, create situations that then enable the government to take it off them. What a brilliant profiteering method.

A shooting spree at a regional center that aids people with disabilities. At least 14 people are dead and 14 more at least injured after gunshots rang out this afternoon. in San Bernardino, California. We've been following the story since it began.

It's about half an hour east of Los Angeles. RT's Brigida Santos is on Standby Live in our LA studio with more. Brigida, what can you tell us?

So authorities responded to reports of an active shooter scenario this morning around 11.30 a.m. at the Inland Regional Center. Now, that's a facility that provides medical treatment to people with disabilities and autism. Witnesses reported that three heavily armed suspects wearing masks and tactical gear entered through the conference room where a holiday party was going on when they started shooting at people. As we mentioned, 14 people have been confirmed dead

by the San Bernardino Police Department, and another 14 have also reportedly been injured. And those numbers could change, but that's what we've got right now. San Bernardino Police have also confirmed that the suspects have fled in a black SUV, potentially a Yukon, although that's not confirmed either. They are pursuing active leads right now, although I don't know exactly what that means. But the search as of now is ongoing. Now, San Bernardino police are going

to be giving press updates every hour on the hour with more details. You can take a listen here to the first one that happened just at the top of this hour. The best thing to do is completely stay out of the area. We don't know where those shooters are. They are heavily armed and they are

possibly wearing body armor, things of that nature, it is not a safe area to be. It's very dangerous, and the fewer innocent people we have in here, the better.

Yep, he will call it the U.S. of A.

So those who actually followed the war, and not just the mainstream media, yeah, they're terrorists. I know it sucks because I already got one of these, and then shit happened, so I lost it. so I got to get that again I get paid in two days I have to get a phone too so I can share my internet because the iPhone does not tether break a leg world somehow sometimes I get ad pop-ups on my website which makes no sense see what the crap is this how is this on my website I made it without ads and it's open source and how how's it doing that like with the crap and then I go to here and if i click stuff like twice because it's slow like this iphone's really screwed up hey like you've seen how what sort of stuff it does like what are you doing there um and i go let's just screw it up a bit like because it'll load something weird look see look what the crap this this is not real this is really bad and that's happening on my website can you see how they have taken over our devices and it doesn't matter now what device you have and what website you're on you're gonna get ads I'm just going to get a crappy little Android but I want one that I can jailbreak so I'll do a little bit of research on it so that's what I need to get the transformer netbook and a little Android and then I need to spend the rest of the money on supplies to get me through because the dollar is about to collapse I do take a lot of these actions knowing that the people will not do as I say and will result with me being alone still without ivory but that just helps me reap a lot of fucking souls. November 31st next year, if I can manage to stay alive, how many souls could I reap in a year? I have to find other media outlets because I've reaped most of the souls on Facebook

already. I'll continue to reap souls until I find Ivory because she's the only one that can stop it because then you'll actually pay attention and then we can fix things instead of you being an asshole and ignorant and blind to what's happening in front of you because she'll be standing next to me and you'll have proof of everything and the two species will unite. If I never find her in this life, hmm, how many souls could I reap? Yeah baby.

oh joy good times it's a beautiful world let's all jump on the boat it's a beautiful day in the neighborhood a beautiful day in the neighborhood won't you be mine won't you be mine

so my website somehow brings this up every once in a while what the crap a it's all a scam like Why the crap would I even do this and why can't I stop this dimming thing? It's really annoying. I've already tried and it's not working. That would be fun because throwing stones at people who are throwing stones at us will fix all the problems.

Hard-working leaders? You mean that rape and molest children? Yep. None? Fuck you.

So fun! I saved the best for last! The Illumafuckin' Naughty! That would also include Freemasons, other Satanists, and Skulls and Bones, and whoever else the fuck follows that regime.

Yay! You can't stop the music. Nobody can't stop the music. Because it's the song that doesn't end.

...situation. People, you know, it's a miracle sometimes we just don't have more to these things. This is an unmarriedly horrible case. But the three actors have been...

So, the... One little tidbit of goodness is that the three actors have been caught. He said it twice. The three actors have been caught.

Nice. You're killing that guy. Get in sight, get in sight. Close the gate. We have gunshots. We have gunshots. Oh my god, right in front of us, dude.

Even though you are all extremely sick, you guys are so funny because you're so stupid. this is my fallout world I loved the game so much that God blessed me by allowing me to play it in real life come on son show us your beauty this is my weapon of choice mmm I do love cheese when it doesn't have rennet in it hello not mister I'm a doctor thank you I'm not interested in whatever you're selling please leave me alone okay so like I said like I said not interested goodbye smile is that a home run I think it is because they claim to be good news when they are still censorship I'm gonna fuck you all up bruh you fools can have free masonry and skull and bones and whatever other crap titles that you want to insert for the same fucking infidelity but I'm taking Illuminati back and those who use Illuminati after this who don't follow the Georgia Guidestone, yeah, they'll be fucking reaped and cursed for fucking ever and ever and ever and ever. It took a long time of contemplation to know how I was to handle Satanists. How am I doing?

None of them can argue with my conclusions. However, they are very good at insults and blocking. I've already done it with a lot of Muslims, but I think after I reap all of these fools, I'll focus more on them, because I reap shitloads of Christians, and yeah, it's like, you know, one, another, another, another, another, rinse and repeat. it's only those who are causing war who I am bothering with how awesome am I I have located the biggest mass murderers in the world and in fighting against them and winning single-handedly give me five guiding you yum going to keep on doing this because it is I will take command and sort these fools out and if they block me then they are all reaped and those who do not will eventually see the light because I won't fucking stop it's like none of them can see the trick that is being played upon them like right in front of their eyes and they just don't understand that hey this is about to screw up everything for them oh really like it's a pretty funny trick so shadow hand high five trick okay I'll do it as long as they don't block me if they do block me they're fucking rape it's gonna keep going I'm not gonna keep showing this unless there's something significant but it's pretty stupid a so here is the percentage of the world that will be saved pretty sad a so no censorship but full of ads and censorship because they censor me I recommend that no one signs anything that their governments give them anymore and that no one agrees even verbally to anything that their government says to them because that's where they get you they want you to agree with their logic even though their logic is flawed because they'll even consider that a contract a verbal contract you are under arrest do you understand i follow logic and what you're presenting to me is not logic it would be better to take a bullet in the head and be saved for eternity, than to sell out to these fools and be tortured for eternity.

Take your vaccine. I know what's in them, and they are hazardous to my health, so I cannot follow that logic to take something that's supposed to make me healthier when it's going to make me sicker. This chip will be inserted in you now, do you understand? It needs to happen because we need to have your medical records on file wherever you go as well as any medications that you are on.

I have come to learn that the biomedical model of medicine is full of shit and I would rather take my chances without it because i'm pretty sure it'll make me healthier don't be a turkey stand up for your rights those human ones do not fight them with weapons fight them with your mind How cool would it be to have a van like that? I could never afford such a thing.

Because that's not their agenda.

Ivory Heart was rejected from a lot of film festivals because it wasn't some super duper duper duper resolution.

They are trying hard because they know they don't have long left. And for logic, we'll soon catch up with them.

They're making shitloads and shitloads of posts about joining the Illuminati right now. They're trying to harvest as many souls as possible before they get found out. Because that's what they're doing. Because they know that I'm right and they just want to fuck up a lot of people.

Just in case people are stupid, which they are.

The awful truth.

This is why we need meritocracy. So do you think that this type of technology will be good in the hands of humans?

Do you think you have a chance at any sort of resistance with this right above you? Do you think this is the only type of this type of technology that will be released? i told you all that this was going to happen but you thought that what i was speaking was science fiction so as a result you locked me up and some people knew that it wasn't and that's why they locked me up because they didn't want me to tell you this and now it's too late because hey look what we got and look what we're gonna do there's a new friend in the filled and it's not human since i posted the great reap of the illuminati i cannot keep up with the amount of posts that they are making to try to recruit people in order to harvest their souls in time for what's about to happen so i'll just keep doing it at a pace that's not stressful to me

Because it doesn't seem to be working anyway, but that's okay, because that means I'm the one that reaps them. Not them, so they don't even get that fucking credit. I do. Oh, I've done so well with all of this. Good job, Wendell. You have accomplished miracles.

I know, it sucks. It's going to take a while for me to get this footage out there, if I even manage to live through this and then get it out. but it doesn't matter it was awesome doing it and I did it all being entirely truthful I speak the truth not with a capital T sometimes I make little mistakes but the thing is is that what I'm presenting is greater truth than any other human truth that has ever been laid out before. So that makes it the truth until we learn those little discrepancies. Life is like painting

a masterpiece. At first you have a blank canvas. Slowly you start to feel it in. You notice some bits are not exactly right so you modify them until you get them right. Like a puzzle

the piece comes together and then as you develop your life into character you then begin to see the whole picture and at first that picture has a few mistakes but the more that you review and modify it the closer you get to to an accurate portrayal and this is why the story of Pygmalion is so significant because that is my ivory chipping away at my statue until I get it perfect It's a lifelong, until I find her, task. Project, maybe love is better.

Venus, I love to you. It is my action, after action, after action, after action. It is not the feeling. The feeling creates the actions.

for if there is no actions there, then the feeling is an infidel. This is why I always had so many problems with my family because they kept saying that I would never understand how much they loved me but they never showed me how much they loved me which eventually taught me that they did not love me which eventually proved correct when they disowned me. But hey, it turned out awesome for me. Because it means that I don't have any loved ones or anybody to look after or take care of during the tribulation.

Which means I'm free! Because of this, I tried my best to look after and take care of all of you. But most of you rejected me. But that is okay, because I'm pretty sure I'll still get my $144,000.

I wonder who owns before it's news.

Because this is all I get.

It takes a little patience and perseverance to find out the truth. A lot of examining and experimentation. and after doing that over a period of time, eventually the facts will reveal themselves by how they respond to real news. Because if they're putting in a lot of effort to hide me from you, then what else are they hiding from you?

they are littered with ads and how much sense does that make considering the content in which they are delivering and they blatantly lie to everybody and I have proven it to you I wonder if I have an alien ship inside of my head like Napoleon. I wonder if it was put in with this guy.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



20-Ivory-Heart-III-Take-07-VII-Foo-Fighters

beautiful world. What time is it? Bullshit? No you're not. Bullshit. Bullshit. I tell

everybody this. Every fucking day. I used to sing. I sing it every day. You don't

know who the fuck I am. Yeah. They know. They're just trying to confuse the public.

Fuck you. Yo is dead and I was born 1984. You know George Orwell? Yep

Legally told everybody this for my whole life actually even in childhood

Got in trouble a lot for saying it because you don't say those sort of things because that's What creates mentally ill people?

Because mentally ill people don't think logically like that That's what makes them mentally your time-saving. Perfect slave. You also sacrifice yourself too. So you sacrifice everything.

And you gain... Temporary... Money? That's what you gain.

Told you. All of you. Whether you're Christian, or a spiritual person, or you're an atheist. And just understand, there's a...

There's a creative great time. You should be able to say all of them. to say all of them that thing people get so caught up in arguing about it's the growing person believes nothing's possible there's this weird we created we didn't care what people about us or what our ex-friend was doing we didn't even care about that stuff or who are we going to date us or what's the boss think at the company we just did what we love to do but we pretend we were firemen Yeah, yeah, screw that, no, I just do what I have to do to survive, yeah, bullshit, yeah, that's why I don't date, because they're idiots, not a single date since my ex-wife left me, because there was not a single appropriate person, why would I bother, I'm not a date for me, yeah, I don't need that shit, bullshit, doesn't make sense, it's not logical, I'm awesome, That trick, that trick. They don't see what's in front of them.

Yeah, all of them were? Yeah, you didn't look. You have to look. You have to actually, you know, do before you make judgments.

Yeah, baby. Told you all.

So funny. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. You thought I was being stupid, so you incarcerated me.

Yep, remember what they're doing in Paris right now.

Have people still really not realized this yet? Oh, how stupid are we?

Not even hiding it anymore. I don't even care.

Such weird conversations.

Boom!

See how awesome am I? people speak in words and I speak in films but this is all they can understand okay no worries I'll follow you just send me a summary of your six hundred and sixty-six hours of footage that's all they can understand money Money money money money money money money money money money

People just don't see don't realize are not smart Don't use their brains.

Imagine the living language I could utilize if I had all of my work available as stock as it was intended to. But that was censored thanks to your fucking government.

Why? Because I released publicly how they rape your children. Now that is all public, so it's still censored. Yep, smart.

It's called pretext. And they conspired against me and you were idiotic enough to believe them. I'm sure you know better than God. Wow, they are going crazy trying to recruit right now.

The harvest is abundant. Because everyone they recruit from here on out, their soul goes to me. can you say brainwashing brainwashing i am the way capital the truth lowercase and the light capital no man may come unto the father but through me yeah baby it's funny Gobble, gobble, gobble, gobble, gobble. Reefed.

The real members. It's okay. Soon. I am on the coast.

Oh well. Nothing like your commandments? It's because that's their agenda. That's what I've been seeing in the sky.

I've been waiting for this for so long. Yay. My friends, they're coming back. Thank you.

It's been such a hard journey to contact you. I've tried so hard. Thank you. I'm so happy. This is the moment I've been waiting for for so long.

I love you guys with all my heart. Please help us save the world. If they don't want to do that, if they want to enslave you and imprison you, then please help me destroy the world. this one. But before I get to that, I want to talk about what happened in the 1940s in World War II.

So most of you know, we had President Franklin Delano Roosevelt, events going on in Europe,

but mainly in Europe. There were these things called Foo Fighters. Yes, it's a rock group, Dave Grohl, a guy he named right from being a really fun rock band that were flying around. Sometimes they were fully materialized. Most of the time, they were an energy field that looked spherical, and they could come through an aircraft, even coming down the center of an aircraft and out the other end.

and its dimensional nature of extraterrestrial technologies that I covered in a previous.

Three flying saucers recovered in New Mexico.

They're described as circular in shape with raised centers, 50 feet in diameter. Each one was occupied by three bodies of human shape, but only three feet tall. They're actually about 39 inches tall. In metallic cloth, very fine texture, et cetera.

and it says that the saucers were found in New Mexico due to the fact that the government has a very high-powered radar set up in that area and is believed the radar interferes with the controlling mechanism of the saucers. This is a little bit anthropocentric and childish because if you can go interstellar, you can handle a radar system. What actually happened is that those radar domes had a scalar longitudinal electromagnetic weapon, which is another whole classification of electromagnetic warfare systems that we'll get into later. But suffice it to say, it was an early scalar Star Wars hit.

And when they switched that on, at least two of these disks collided. One went down northwest of Roswell. The other one continued and was more intact and was impacted near Socorro, New Mexico. And that's where they actually retrieved the bodies.

The ones that were just north of Roswell was obliterated into little teeny pieces, tiny little. 1950, November 21st. How ironic.

This is the 65th anniversary of the writing of this document by Wilbur Smith, who had a top-secret clearance, and he was tasked by the Canadian government to find out what the Americans were doing. And if you look at page two, if you go down to page two of this, you're going to see just a brief summary, which I think is, there's a whole lot of detail in the document. This is on our website now, you can look it up. Many of you may have seen this one already, but the reason I want to present it is the importance of the document.

And it says, the matter is the most highly classified subject in the United States government, rating higher than the H-bomb.

Think about that. The H-bomb wasn't detonated until 1952. It was the ultimate doomsday weapon. This, dealing with UFOs and interstellar technologies, was more highly classified than the H-bomb.

Flying saucers exist. The modus operandi is unknown, but a concentrated effort is being made by a small group headed by Dr. Vannevar Bush, who also worked with Edward Teller, Oppenheimer, and others. And four, the entire matter is considered by the United States authorities to be of tremendous significance.

I have a whole dossier that a Canadian put together of the Wilbur Smith investigations on behalf of the Canadian government to find out what in the hell the Americans were doing with these extraterrestrial vehicles. It's a fascinating... It was the CIA director.

And I said, look, I'm going to give you a list of stuff I want to see if I can get. I got this massive box that came out to my farm in Virginia. And this was one of them, and there are others.

And it's from 1953, although you can't see the date on it very well here. And it's written by the director of the CIA, the director of Psychological Strategy Board. Strategy Board. And it says, you can read it, I'm transmitting to the National Security Council a proposal,

which is concluded that the problems connected to UFOs appear to have implications for psychological warfare, as well as for intelligence and operations. And then there's another tab, B, which has the background. I'd love to see that one. I suggest that we discuss in an early board meeting the possible offensive or defensive utilization of these phenomena for psychological warfare purposes.

...information. Use it as a cover story for classified aerospace research. so oftentimes there will be something that happens and it will look like a ufo and it's actually a northrop grumman my uncle's company was northrop grumman he worked on the thing that landed on the moon the lunar module or lockheed martin skunkworks or some other aerospace entity and it will be 100 man-made and the public will say oh my god it's a ufo they want you to believe it's a ufo why because i'd research with technologies that if they were allowed to come out would terminate the oil and gas and coal industry they're using alt the same vault that the next document came out of which has a great story behind it and he was going through some documentation and found that it wasn't in the 50s we really started i mean the the 60s or 70s but 50s that we actually mastered electromagnetic field at certain voltages and with certain angular momentum i want to get into a lot of put you to sleep but into the physics of it too far so that this object becomes massless weightless no mass mass so the mass component and this has to do with angular momentum and things of this sort the subatomic particles can make this object so light that it has no mass, which means if you look at your physics equations, mass,

velocity is inversely proportional to mass. Go look it up. So if mass becomes zero, velocity can go to infinity, an amount of energy, which means you can move into another dimension. It doesn't go to infinity, you go trans-dimensional. We'll talk about that.

we don't discuss our ownership. Bullshit. That can't distinguish syntax and semantics. Futile. Their last attempt. What for? Nothing. Now there is nothing I can do because both

of my accounts are blocked. When yo spend yo lives trying to kill yo selves, Eventually, God will grant your wish, and when you spend your lives censoring your Saviors, then eventually your Saviors will stop trying to save you, or should I say, be blocked from being able to save you. I heart you, and I can't do anything else now, it's up to God. Just because the messages no longer are available, just because they have been censored, does not remove the three day period, or should I say two days.

How can all of y'all complain about having one or two messages censored, when my whole life has been censored and I documented a lot of that yet that isn't in your media how ironic because all of your media including the fake new world order media is still bullcrap I did fuckers I did fuckers now you believe me so i can't use my phone number anymore good job facebook so that means i can't use messenger at all i'll try it and then they stop me try none of my passwords are working just so you know this happens often when my password that i'm using just suddenly stops working which means my account was hacked into. Look at what's in front of you, fools. They planned this because they knew that I was broke, which means that I can't verify my payment info. Because even to get an app that's free, you must have a card that doesn't get declined. What a brilliant plan. How awesome is people

conspiring against me. I am reaping shitloads of souls. Today, the second day of the great Illuminati reap. They have cut me off from all forms of communicating with the outside world. So that means today I am to rest. Almost out, but money tomorrow. Warning, warning,

warning, warning, we're coming to get you. The Marilyn Monroe document. A death warrant for Port Marilyn Monroe. Put the date on it, 1962. They found her dead the 5th of August.

It's signed by James and Jesus Angleton III, JICT Moondust, JICT 46. These are correct code names and code numbers for UFO ET-related projects by the agency as of that date. And as you read through it, it gives some background. It's a wiretap summary if you look at the top of it.

I know it's a very degraded document, but it's a wiretap summary of telephone conversations between Marilyn Monroe and Robert Kennedy, the Attorney General, and a guy named Rothberg, who was an art dealer in New York. And they were tapping Marilyn's phone because she had had trist, as it says here, with the President, and everyone knows now she had an affair with both Jack Kennedy and Robert Kennedy. And in Pillow Talk, the President had told her some things, and it says one such secret that she was going to divulge in a news conference mentions the visit by the president at a secret air base for the purpose of inspecting things from outer space. I don't think they're talking about meteorites.

Kilgallen, who had been a reporter who dug into this, replied that she knew what might be the source of the visit. In the mid-'50s, Kilgallen learned of a secret effort by U.S. and U.K. governments to identify the origins of crashed spacecraft and dead bodies from a British government official.

That was Lord Mountbatten. Kilgallen believed the story, who was later blown up by an IRA bomb, or so it was made to appear. Kilgallen believed the story may have come from the New Mexico crash in the late 40s, clear reference to the Roswell event.

And she said that if the story is true, it would cause terrible embarrassment to Jack and his plans to have NASA put men on the moon, because we were using old rockets from the 40s when the secret organization already had anti-gravity under control. Watergate.

And Office of Naval Intelligence is where he came from. And suddenly this young reporter has this deep throat. Well, he had an ONI guy give him the information, Office of Naval Intelligence, because Nixon was planning to blow the lid off the secrecy. And the way they took him down was by impeachment rather than by a bullet.

Bill Colby. Colby. Bill Colby reached out to me through his best friend, a colonel who I will not name, still living. I'm an elderly man, but a full bird colonel who had been in MAGIC, this committee, the majority intelligence committee that oversees the UFO issue.

He wanted, Bill Colby wanted, to bring forward the technologies, not the things that fly, but an energy technology based on these classified operations. MAGIC is a major JIC. About $50 million in, I guess, kind of gray area seed money to my group so we could bring these technologies out and end the oil and global warming and the poverty and all of that. The person who approached me, a member of my board, and this colonel, wouldn't say who the client was.

They were going to set up a secret meeting. I said, I think it's safer if I know who he is. They said, why? I said, because I can put him into a security system.

He said, what do you mean? I said, not knowing is dangerous for him. They said, no, he won't do it that way. So I said, okay.

So I'm working full time as a trauma doctor, emergency doctor, and we're setting that up. And the week before I'm going to meet with this former CI director, they find him floating down the Potomac River, made to look like an accident. and he was trying to show you your oppressors but you can't see warning warning warning the bad guys are bad guys and the good guys that claim to be good guys are actually bad guys this whole planet is fucked you need to act fast warning warning warning

These fools are all fucked. I actually got in trouble when I told people this one a few years ago. There is nothing at all that I can do. In fact, there's nothing that I've been able to do for a long time because I have been censored for a very long time.

I have not been able to contact anybody in the know for a long time because that was taken away from me if you just tracked back through my work.

I'm good. I spent every last dime that I had. I can't wait till I can legally smoke pot. Only an hour left on this camera.

So the mainstream news sources have created these little news sources in which do the same thing but just reveal more information in order to still maintain control.

If they're not saying who they're owned by, then there's a fucking problem. James Wolsey, who, when information about my meeting came out after he had left office, denied it ever happened.

A footed lie. I always tell people, Washington, how do you know these politicians and lawyers are lying? Their lips are moving. Their lips are moving, they're lying. I know, that's very cynical.

The outgoing director of the CIA is me.

As incoming director of the CIA, they've taken your life apart, and they know what your values are. If your values are that you would not go along with an illegal criminal unconstitutional effort, engage in assassinations that were illegal and other things, they will never tell you about this. W. Bush, when he was called in transition meeting between November and January, when they have the transition and they're standing up the new cabinet, was asked personally face to face by Jimmy Carter.

And I met with someone who was there, the UFO issue. And Bush said, I'm not going to tell you in a very derisive way.

Go see if you can get it from the Congressional Research Service, literally. These people, the ones still living, would be subpoenaed because, believe me, and I have more, one of them that you see on page two here is Lord Hill Norton. And if you go to this next document, this is a five-star admiral. How many people have heard of Lord Hill Norton?

He's actually a great guy. He passed away not long ago. I don't mind sharing these couple letters. I have a whole file with him.

um he asked me to come to his uh estate in england and brief him back i believe it was 1990 sometime and uh he was a five-star admiral what they used to call sea lord and um lord hill norton is that the one yeah had found out through other sources that ufos were real and that there was a big operation in the UK that was this transnational deep national security state working with the British but he was head of the Ministry of Defense and as such was head of MI5 and MI6 he was also head of the military committee for NATO he had no knowledge of these projects the entire time he was in government and you know what's kind of cute about it at the second document if you go to the next one he says I thoroughly enjoyed our talk when you came in august this was in august of uh i guess it was 1995 um and i am grateful to you for your time i read all the materials you left me and i intend to read it all again uh i also shared it with countess moray who shares our interest i have an idea you may have met her some time ago i meet a lot of folks i find your latest brief on the national security and tele implications of the UFO subjects very clear and very convincing and it goes on. It's a beautiful letter and things he was going to do with the European Parliament and whatnot. He died not being able to accomplish as much as he wanted to with the British government because I had to explain to him why he never knew anything about this. I'm going to answer your question with a question. What would you have

done if you'd found out there was a transnational entity, unacknowledged, running unconstitutionally in your country and mine, engaging in assassinations, keeping from the planet technologies that would save the Earth from environmental destruction and eliminate poverty within a generation. And that they are using these technologies to try to provoke, as urgent provocateurs, an interstellar conflict. It was on my birthday in 1995. The first letter was written. I ended up meeting with him in 97 in April.

But he helped us in a number of ways prior to that, as did this Admiral Kramer, who set up my meetings at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, the facility to which the crash DT remains went in the 1940s. and it's a security blue fire which is a code name 1991 commander's net royal ops so cosmic clearance you've heard of this not a myth it's real mad jobs magi as the majority as the magic m-a-j-i-c ops and it goes to a whole bunch of them now this division all these code numbers And you get down to some really interesting things. MOC is Military Operating Center. And MOA is a Military Operating Area.

And SOG is a Special Operations Team. But you get into Red Flag, Dart East, Dart South, Pahut Mesa, Sally Carter, Groom Lake, Dreamland, Blackjack Team. Blackjack Control is at the Edwards Complex in California. roulette team, Acratech, Seaspray, and others.

Now, it's not clear to me who gave me this why they blacked out a couple of things. Maybe it was things that they were involved with personally and they didn't want to get fingered. But this secret document went to the Admiral prior to our meeting, and he actually recognized one of these entities.

And he made an inquiry, and it was being run by a contractor. We're going to get to this next. And the contractor, one of these corporate contractors,

when he called them up, he said, I'm Admiral Tom Wilson at that time. He was head of intelligence for the Joint Chiefs of Staff. I want to be read into this project. Guess what happened?

They said, sir, you don't have a need to know.

Now, this is the guy who puts together the intelligence briefings for the Joint Chiefs of Staff of the United States. He was told, you don't have a need to know. They did it again. Thank you, Puffin. I don't even need to use the app.

Contact Lisa Haven, too. Puffin browser is so cool. It's like a desktop. ...actors who run the operations. Do you understand how this works?

In other words, the government doesn't do that much. Does WFO work for other? So they issue contracts. So you'll have Bechtel Corporation, or you'll have Lockheed Martin, or you'll have whatever.

But the key facilities I want to go through, and there are others. This is a list that I've updated. I updated it for the president in 2009.

A very chief one is Edwards Air Force Base, and there's a whole constellation there. Haystack Butte, China Lakes, George Air Force Base, the retired Norton Air Force Base, Tabletop Mountain Observatory, which is run ostensibly by NASA, and Blackjack Control. So I had a source at Blackjack Control associated with the Edwards-related facilities, but the Blackjack team you saw on that list was Nellis. So there's Blackjack Control and Blackjack team.

And then there are airspace facilities, and these are all deep underground military bases. UGBs for sure, underground bases. Northrop, the Ant Hill, Teehan Ranch. McDonnell Douglas, the Lano plant, Lockheed Martin, Hellandale, the Phillips Labs, and the North Edwards facility.

And I will add that since then, a newer facility called the Cube, which is up past Lancaster, Palmdale, up in the high desert, outside in the Edwards range and classified airspace, is a Lockheed Martin Skunk Works facility where the state-of-the-art R&D is going on. Keep in mind that Lockheed and Northrop have multiple generations since 1954 of what you would call a UFO, man-made UFO, that are, as the head of the Lockheed Skunk Works said to several people on my team, including Jan Harzan, the new head of MUFON, the mutual ufo network he's ibm executive that's retired i've been friends with him since the 20s i mean the 20s since the 90s he is a man who is of great integrity and he actually was at the meeting along with several other my friends when when ben rich the head of the lockheed skunk works a super secret it's where the u2 spy plane and that movie came from said we can take et home we already have the technologies to take et home and ended his presentation with a with a slideshow of a black disc going out into space. These are man-made.

They have integrated circuits in their brains, and they walk around. They're little gray or reptilian or creepy-looking things. These are man-made, 100%. And I know the men working on that, but the cube is associated. That's one facility associated

with those. Another facility is Dulce. Another one is Pine Gap. So the other, of course, you've all heard Nellis Complex is Area 51.

More specifically, it's S4, S9, and S12. Those are compartmented areas. You have to have the password and biometrics to get into them. Pahut Mesa and Area 19 and Groom Lake.

These are all things that have been provided to our government officials. In New Mexico, you have the Los Alamos National Laboratory. It has an underground connector, underground, that goes to the Dulce complex, which most people don't think can really exist because you go to Dulce, there's nothing there. Remember this simple fact. Nothing critical is above the surface of the ground. It's either in space or it's underground. Everything, including White House facilities and Pentagon. Everything critical is underground.

and the Kirkland Air Force Base has the Sandia National Laboratories and the Defense Nuclear Agency, Philips Labs again, Monsanto Mountain Weapons Storage Facility and Underground Complex that connects Coyote Mountain, Test Site North End of Monsanto, the White Sands Complex, and again the Dulce Complex. So the Kirkland Air Force Base, and that's outside, of course, Albuquerque. I've been there. In Arizona, a key facility is Fort Huachuca.

It's an underground base, most of it that's critical. It's Army Intelligence Headquarters. There is a storage facility where a man, as of the 1970s, who was on my team, worked in it. At that time, they had nine extraterrestrial spacecraft that had been down using these electromagnetic pulse scalar weapons and a whole lot of different ET species that were frozen there.

And that's at Fort Huachuca, ironically near Tombstone.

And the other ones that I just want to mention, Cheyenne Mountain, which is under the mountain in Colorado Springs, has a dedicated area for just the deep space network tracking of interstellars that are in our solar system. And one of my military advisors, a man who's been in many of these unacknowledged special access projects actually was in that facility and got to see this console 50 where they had tracked and he said that they had tracked an object at that time that was in our solar system that was 26 miles in diameter an artificial ET object moving as he put it under its own steam he's a Navy guy I said I don't think it's working with steam but yeah you're right another Another critical facility is the Lawrence Livermore Labs, the Pine Gap underground facility in Australia. I have a picture, actually, of the above-ground facility there that a man who worked there sent to me. The Redstone Arsenal underground complex in Alabama, that also has an association with the Marshall Space Flight Center.

And in Utah, one of the most critical, and this is the most critical one that's new, the Dugway Proving Grounds outside of Provo and this is classified airspace above and no access by ground. Above ground you don't see much and everything is underground. Richard Foch, this Naval Research Labs official, was out there with some generation five or six or whatever night scopes doing an operation and he looked out and he saw these objects coming out from underground that that then zipped over him that were these massive disk in triangular shape anti-gravity objects that were ours. And some were just sitting out there watching him.

And that general who was head of it, he wasn't given any information, but we have Disclosure Project witnesses who are DIA-assigned contractors who were very involved in E.T. and UFO technology issues. Certain compartmented operations at the FBI have been tightly held, and every military intelligence division, Army, Air Force, Navy, have compartmented unacknowledged operations that feed into this magic committee. The National Reconnaissance Office, National Security Agency, again, a very compartmented operation, certainly nothing that Edward Snowden had access to, to my knowledge, although it's been asked, and the various space commands.

Private corporate entities include a BDM corporation, Bechtel Corporation, does most of the underground base construction. I know that the tunnel being built from Los Alamos over to Dulce. For years, people heard, you look and Google this, the Taos, T-A-O-S, Hum. A lot of new agers thought it was like Gaia singing or something.

And I'm going, no, there's a massive nuclear-powered tunneling device that was going from Los Alamos over to Dulce. And as it was going, it goes through bedrock and classifies it into this massive tunnel that then anti-gravity electromagnetic vehicles transport people, people carriers, underneath the ground. And SAIC, he had been National Security Agency head. He moved from National Security head over to the board of SAIC.

And in a little side story, interestingly, when I asked Senator Barry Goldwater when I was at his home some years ago, and, you know, he had run for president in 64, but he always had an interest in this, but had never been told anything. And we started comparing notes of who we knew, and he said, how can I help you? I said, well, if you could reach out to some of these people on this magic committee, it'd be great. And so, you know, we named some names. He didn't know the ones I mentioned.

And then I said, well, Admiral Bobby Ray Inman. He says, oh, Bobby, Ray, we've been friends for years. I said, well, get hold of him. Give him a jingle, would you?

So he did. Biggest mistake of his life. He got hold of me. He says, I can't make any more phone calls like that for you.

He tore me apart.

Denise McKenzie. Worked for SAIC. She got a job there as a sort of clerical, administrative person. She was in an office.

It's kind of like the mafia. You know how the mafia will have, like, a pizza parlor, some little shop, and they'll come in, and, you know, that's the storefront, but it's actually laundering money, and they're doing their drugs and pimps through the back door. That's how this works. So she was in this office at SAIC, and it was an office.

It was, you know, running multimillion-dollar contracts for the U.S. government. And she said, what is this? There's nothing going on here.

And she went to this file cabinet, and there were just all these dummied-up reports that would go back to Capitol Hill to justify the money. And when she started asking about it, they said, don't ask about this. And what she basically was told, this office receives the money. We generate false reports back to the president and to Congress.

That money then passes out of this office to a black project dealing with UFOs, electronics, anti-gravity, stuff like this. 8.5 trillion dollars unaccounted for. Just so you know, none of this is new to me. This is only what I've been saying to you all along.

Except now you have the documents to place in the puzzle. It's a beautiful world



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



20-Ivory-Heart-III-Take-08-VIII-ET-Phone-Home

The Rainbow Bridge. It's life, baby! What will you make it?

Can you see the absurdity of sites like Before It's News? They are not trying to give you accurate information. They are part of the psyops. Please remember December 7th, 2015, because if it's true about Venus being at the top of the crescent moon, then something big is going to happen.

No, I will not be able to give you this footage by then because I, one, don't have a computer to do it, and two, don't have a phone to tether that computer to upload this. Ira Rosen won his Emmy working with Mike Wallace at ABC News. He then became the executive producer, ABC News New York, for Primetime Live in 2020. When we started moving forward with the Disclosure Project, he came out to my farm in Virginia and came out with the production team.

I gave him 35 hours of top-secret testimony and countless top-secret documents. And he says, either this is the biggest hoax in the world or the biggest story in human history. And he says, I think it's the latter. I said, it is.

He says, we're going to do a series of town hall meetings with your witnesses, and we're going to do a huge expose on this. I said, I don't think ABC will let you. And he said, I'm the executive producer, and I have a final decision over this. I said, Ira, I don't think they'll let you.

but i'll cooperate here you know here's 20 years of research and all this effort you have it on a silver platter don't i'm no payment i'm not a consultant i give everything away for free so he goes back to new york he takes me up there you know there's diane sawyer and all these guys well you know what's interesting i said well if you can make this happen it's awesome so a couple weeks later he calls me up rather sheepishly and he says dr greer they're not going to let me do this story. And I said, well, Ira, I thought you said you had total control over programming for prime timeline. He says, Dr. Greer, not for this. And I said, well, who are they? He says, Dr. Greer,

you know who they are. I mentioned the sort of storefront with the military industrial unacknowledged special access project. And that's, you can kind of steal actually several billion dollars very easily that way and each year i estimate out of the treasury of the united states through these operations is between 100 and 200 trillion dollars a billion dollars not you know a huge amount but if you look at the military intelligence homeland security fbi and there are other people there was a under secretary for hud for bush george hw bush who discovered that hud money, housing and urban development money, was being siphoned off into these black projects. And she just started to blow the whistle on it. She got fired. So one of the things you

have to begin to get your mind around is how the unacknowledged special access projects can penetrate not just the intelligence and military, but other agencies, and then siphon off funds and it you know you get a trickle here and trickle and it becomes this huge river now there's another second and very important way that funding happens and that is through monetizing products what i mean by that let's say that your bell labs back in the old days or some of these other large corporations. And you're studying under U.S. funding contracts in these unacknowledged projects a technology. And you figure out, oh, this is really what you can do with an integrated circuit and miniaturize it. Or this is what you can, these things we collected

off the desert floor in 47 were these little fibrous things that you put a light at one end, boom, it's perfectly transmitted to the other. Fiber optics. So you then created a market for it. And you allow some of this out, but there's a huge amount of money made on productizing fiber optics, integrated circuits, miniaturization, microprocessors, things of this sort. So there are spinoffs, and those spinoffs make an enormous amount

of money for those companies. Even though we the taxpayers paid for the R&D, and those folks really didn't invent it, but they benefit from it from the corporate level. So that enriches the corporation so that it can then self-fund through licensing and productization things that were actually funded by the taxpayer. Now, Big Pharma, the pharmaceutical industry does this all the time. They take stuff that's being funded at NIH or through university

grants, the breakthroughs happen in basic science. They then take it one step further, patent it, license it, and next thing you know, of course, the chemotherapy costs you $250,000. That's how it works, like rituximab. But that's been done with these high-tech programs since the 40s and 50s. So that's a huge source. So then they have their own

funding. But now you can see how they can lift off the reservation away from government even more because they're more independent corporate then there's the banking sector and this is the big one you know the Federal Reserve Board basically just invents money out of thin air when we had the financial crisis few years ago in the mainstream Wall Street Journal you know it was admitted they basically injected 17 trillion dollars into the banking sector trillion tarp was a small part of us is 800 billion not much this is 17 trillion i basically at no interest gave 17 trillion dollars to the gang banksters i call them they are gang banksters and those guys who have integrated if you look at the corporate nexus between the banking and financial sector and these large corporations and these government agencies there is a nexus that gets woven And the real power is really in the financial macroeconomic level. And they basically can fund whatever and whoever they want and can move money around virtually with impunity. They're too big to fail.

At this point, I mean, there's a joke that if you think they're being regulated, this is a joke. So the gangbangsters have learned how to use that system. And they have investments and interests and startups, You know, whether it's the Blackstone Group or the Carlisle Group and this, you know, private banking at JPMorgan Chase and this and that and the other thing. And so there's this whole labyrinthine system that involves the banking sector.

And then there are covert parts of the banking sector. I'll tell you a story of a man who, back when I was working on this and they made another run after I said no to the head of Army Intelligence when they wanted to buy my silence with $2 billion in slush fund money. I was taken to the Wrigley Mansion in Phoenix. One night, it was a late night meeting, maybe 10, 11 o'clock, and there was a whole group of people.

It was like a conference for boardroom in this mansion. And around the table were a whole bunch of suits, and most of them were corporate, a couple government. And they say basically to me, you know, they say you don't need to bother with someone like the president or the CIA director. They don't know anything, and they're not going to know anything.

You need to be meeting with people like, well, us, who do FWFO, work for other programs for the government. And there are certain orders of Jesuit priests who are involved with technology transfer policy. I said, what? I thought they were on drugs.

And it turned out every word they said was true, and I was listening.

It'd be an interesting movie, wouldn't it? Anyone has cojones to do it? Then this one guy pulled me aside, and he said, You know, we've checked you out. You're a doctor. You have good credit, good income.

Take out as many platinum cards as you want. Give them to me.

We will then zero out the account balances every month. so you can spend several million dollars a month and we'll just zero it out. Now, you put me under sodium pentate. This actually happened.

And I said, well, then you would own me, wouldn't you, Jim? He said, oh, don't look at it that way. We're here trying to help you. I said, no, you would own me.

This is fraud, banking fraud. And he says, no, well, you know, just look at it as a friendly hand helping you out. I mean, it's friendly. Devil, it's forked tongue.

And then he started to explain. He says, you know, there are a lot of creative ways where we can get money when we need to. And this guy headed up some folks who do the backup computers for the banking system. And these are big supercomputers.

And basically, when you have trillions of dollars daily going back and forth in currency exchange and transactions, there's an odd amount left over that's less than a penny or less than a euro or less than a yen. that gets dropped into a black fund account and it's a lot of money it adds up on a daily if you take 365 days in a year you've got a lot of money from that it becomes billions tens of billions so you have the black budget unacknowledged projects you have the corruption and fraud within the government system you have the productization monetization of things that we're paying for the study that they then monetize, like integrated circuits and cell phones and fiber optics. Then you have the banking corruption. And then you have the pièce de résistance and the one that is the most disturbing, and that's drug trade.

So the worldwide drug trade is cash, cash and carry, bigger than oil.

And when I first heard this from an attorney who was representing a man's family whose husband, a Marine colonel, was murdered because he saw them offloading drugs at a military base in California. I thought this was a bridge too far. I did not actually believe it.

And this attorney, a very, very credible guy, Harvard Law, was representing the family to get them to exhume the body because the death was deemed a suicide. And the family knew the man had been murdered because of what he saw, because he had told one family member what he saw. And he was at the wrong place at the wrong time, in a restricted landing area, in a restricted facility, where one of our aircraft was offloading a large amount of drugs that would then be sent out through various drug cartels and whatnot. And they killed him.

a whistle on illegal and corrupt activity and what is recovered or exposed to that whistleblower the whistleblower gets a percentage of in this case we'd be talking about billions of dollars so if there's a legal team that wants to head this up and some more whistleblowers that we can put together that's how you could fund the energy lab but it would be a very big lawsuit and project it can be done if there's anyone who has the wherewithal to do it i've mentioned this to a few attorneys and then when they find out who they're really taking on they go no thanks no thanks no thanks so it's all about courage you have the courage to take on this sort of fourth reich that's really running this project this this uh neo-fascist transnational security state no one listens to you they throw you in a mental hospital that is another big part of the funding mechanism. And there are others, but these are the big pillars of how you get funding for an unacknowledged special access project. And, you know, I don't know if you know who this is. Liechtenstein is a big banking empire. And kind of they funded a lot of Adolf

Hitler's work. And the crown prince is their king. So this is a man that I've met with and known for a number of years. I think this is dated 1994.

And Hans Adam von Liechtenstein, the first time I called, I was asked to call the castle. His butler or someone picked up and then he was immediately put on and we talked and he says, well, I don't want to talk on the phone too much, but we should meet. And these letters, this and the, you can go to the next one also. it was maybe a month later or something was from the castle and this is the actual letters and he basically said to me let's get together he was wanting me to come to Europe and I said well I'm too busy I'm working as a doctor and then it ended up although it's not reflecting this letter he came to New York and stayed at the Four Seasons hotel there, Central Park, and so he invited me over, and I had a meeting with him, but he says, from what I know of your assessment, your assessment is correct about the group, this cabal, which is controlling the issue we discussed, UFO. I suspect they have very

good reasons not to inform the public, and therefore I am highly skeptical about your chances of success, but he still wanted to meet. So I said, okay, let's meet. So this is where he's going to get into some shock and awe. I'm going 94 in July. I go up and meet with

him at the Pierre Hotel Four Seasons. And the reason he didn't think it could succeed is that he told me the ETs wouldn't allow it. They wouldn't allow disclosure to happen. I said, excuse me, we're making contact and it's clear that, you know. He said, well, let me tell you

what happened. So he was involved with a lot of U.N. programs and also with George H.W. Bush, the first President Bush, and a man at the U.N. named Perez de Cuellar, who was the Secretary

General at the time. I had done briefings with the one after Boutros Boutros-Ghali, and he said to me, the reason I on the phone told you that it wouldn't be allowed isn't that it wouldn't be allowed from the point of view of the government but the aliens won't allow it i said well that's ridiculous i mean since we've been talking we've gone down to mexico had craft come out i said they're obviously wanting to make contact if we do it in a peaceful way and not a military way he says well this was attempted before you started your organization i said what are you talking about he says well in november of 1989 in the fall of 1989 president Ronald Reagan, Mikhail Gorbachev, Perez de Cuellar, and himself, this guy, and others met on a committee, very sensitive and classified, to organize basically what I did with the disclosure project, to announce that we weren't alone and end the secrecy. And he said what happened is that Perez de Cuellar, the Secretary General of the United Nations, was coming back from a 3 a.m. late nine planning session for this event when he was abducted by aliens from his motorcade in manhattan and i said oh really and he presided to tell me the gory details of what happened so peres de cuellar was taken somehow out of the motorcade onto an et craft where he was threatened by the E.T.s and told, if you disclose this information, we will abduct every world leader involved, including the President of the United States.

Now, this is from a person who was at the table for this planning session, to my ears, now to you. And I went, oh, come on, really? And he said, yeah, it blew up like an atomic bomb in the Bush White House. Subsequently, I found out that at McKinnon-Bunkport, there were all these ufos zipping around when bush was up there out on a cigarette boat and they didn't realize they were ours so now we're getting into false flag 101 up to and including being able to deceive members of magic and it took me a long time to get to the bottom of this mystery now people like bud hopkins thought it was a real abduction case and i looked into it and i found out that if you go back to the roswell event there was a red-headed sergeant who was the badass guy who threatened to kill everyone, all those ranchers who saw this thing crash.

His son became a part of magic security, this renegade group, this splinter group, who was involved with abductions and stopping leaks within magic itself. He then went and was in the security detail that night and set up the electronics for this electronic warfare abduction of aliens. It was all a hoax. It wasn't ET at all. It was 100% military ops.

And so when, we're going to get into this in a moment, how these operate. And so Paris de Cuellar, of course, not knowing about that end of the classified world, and I would say Papa Bush neither, thought it was actually ET.

And it blew up, as I said, like an atomic bomb in the Bush White House and Gorbachev. They pulled the plug on the plans to do disclosure and end secrecy in 1989 at the end of the Cold War. And I think it's strange that in January of 90, two months later, is when I had a contact event at my house in North Carolina with an ET that said basically pick up what you've dropped, do this, what you've left behind as a teenager, pick this up again, someone's got to pick this up. But, maybe that's a coincidence, but Paris de Cuellar thought that that was an actual alien abduction.

And I said, well, Your Highness, with all due respect, there are technologies that would facilitate this kind of deception. And the military term, so you know it, is a false INW, or a deceptive INW, indication and warning. And it's basically like the Gulf of Tonkin event in Vietnam. You basically exaggerate or hoax an event that then manipulates policymakers.

So this was the ultimate takedown of official disclosure, which was about to happen in 1989. Got it? 26 years ago. November 1989.

So here we are in 2015, and it took a lot to piece all this together, and I began to look into what the electronics were with this, and what kind of technologies they might have. And one bit of insight that the prince had, he said, you know, so he told me that the reason he was funding the abduction groups is that he was convinced that there was an existential threat from outer space. That's been the Sabrosa plan since the 56.

And that he wanted people to hate the aliens enough to pay the blood and treasure of World War III. And he also wanted it to be eschatological where it would result in the end of the world so that Christ would return and the good folks would go up in a flying saucer, I guess, with Christ. Now, this is what he was telling me. I'm just listening.

And I'm going, whoa, this is like, whoo-hoo. And he was completely convinced that this is what needed to happen. This sort of end-of-the-world eschatological, eschatology is the study of the end-of-the-world event. And that's why he was putting so much money in and providing so much funding to Mack and David Jacobs and Bud Hopkins and all this.

And he eventually told me, he says, I'm going to stop funding John Mack because he's become too positive about contact. and I only want to fund people who are going to put things out there that scare people and make them hate the aliens. He said this. So I went, oh boy.

I love you guys. This is connecting a dot that all of you better listen to very carefully if it's the last thing you learn today. And that is that there is an overarching agenda that was hatched in the 50s. Remember that psychological warfare document and its value?

that was hashed between 53 and 56 to create the specter of a threat from outer space that does not exist.

Lies. Corruption.

Prince Charles is now calling on the world to act on climate change. Prince Charles kicked off the climate summit in Paris before 150 world leaders. The prince told the packed hall, quote, rarely in human history have so many people around the world placed their trust in so few. Your deliberations over the next two weeks will decide the fate, not only of those alive today, but also of generations yet unborn.

The Prince of Wales also urged the leaders to, quote, think of your grandchildren as I think of mine, as well as the billions of people without a voice, and the youngest generation as they're trying to secure a new global deal. He said, quote, if the planet were a patient, we would have treated her long ago. You, ladies and gentlemen, have the power to put her on life support, and you must surely start the emergency procedures without further procrastination. You see how we treat our patients?

Humanity faces many threats, but none is greater than climate change. In damaging our climate, we are becoming the architects of our own destruction. We have the knowledge, the tools, and the money to solve this crisis. You know, what is he saying?

The planet is about to die? That only these world leaders have the ability to put it on life support? I mean, this is the biggest hoax, the biggest lie ever perpetrated against humanity since central banking. Okay?

This is the greatest threat to your freedom. And this man, Prince Charles, is sitting at the head of it all, instructing the world leaders to put Mother Earth on life support. This is a method, and their plan is to enslave you to making you think that you are the problem. Your very activity, your very existence on this planet is the problem.

It is. You are the one causing the Earth's climate to shift. This is how they are going to control everyone on this planet. If you don't act, if you don't take action against these liars and fraudsters, then you will have to suffer the consequences of their continued reign.

And I'm doing everything I can right now by promoting this information and getting it out to the people using every tool that I have. And I'm relying on you to help me to battle these liars who would only wish to enslave us through their countless lies of laws and regulations.

Prince Charles is a very dangerous person to be speaking the way he's speaking. All of you are elite, Laura. What are your thoughts on Prince Charles saying the planet's on life support? Unbelievable.

Leave your comments below. I don't think you care. And send this video to a friend of yours. If you know someone who's a climate junkie and their mind is so locked down with this philosophy, shoot this video over to them by hitting share.

Give us a thumbs up if you like what we're doing and become a subscriber to this channel. That's how we grow. For the Next News Network, I'm Gary Franchi. It's been this 50 to 60-year plan.

Don't forget that no less a figure than Douglas MacArthur in his last address to the Congress said World War III will be interplanetary. So they have been wanting to provoke an interplanetary conflict for as long as I've been alive, and I'm no spring chicken.

And, all right, so this gets into a huge problem of how people consume information and can be manipulated through fear. Because if you look at the roots of human early days, and even today, It's people abducting a tribe's women, raping them, abusing them sexually, et cetera, and so on. This is all stuff that they are simulating and saying that the ETs are doing through these abduction scenarios. It is 100% being done by military special operations that are this paramilitary force.

And this is the deep end of the pond. Now, when I discovered this back in 1994, now this is 21 years on, I was told by someone in the intelligence community, don't talk about that, because that's what's really dangerous for you, and it's also what will discredit you, and it also calls them to hate you the most, because you're defanging their whole war plan. The next big war is not terrorism. It's interstellar.

When we first put it up, it had over 600,000 views. The next day, the intelligence community went in and said there were 6,000 views. By the way, if you believe the metrics on Google and YouTube, I have a bridge to sell you. It all can be manipulated because it moves you down the search engines.

So when this hit, within a couple of days, it had 600,000 views. This man, William Pawlik, it's pronounced Pawlik, was a man, very good man, who gave me an interview only to be released posthumously after he died. And not long ago, a few years ago, I got a letter from his wife, significant other, I guess, they weren't technically married, with a death certificate and a letter giving me permission. And he had passed away.

And I have a lot of these, you know, and I honor my word about keeping a confidence. So what happened is that he gave me this interview, and in it, he talks about the development of RF radiofrequency chip implants back in the 70s and 80s. And when he was developing, it was totally an accidental thing to have. He was with a company that developed it.

And he then got called into the CIA, and they started doing special programs with the CIA to develop it. And at a certain point, Siemens in Silicon Valley manufactured two billion of them with a B, of these RF chips. And the way they were, I mean, they can be so miniaturized, you could eat something with it. It has a radio free, and it can transmit not only where you are, but the really advanced ones have a neurophone capability to control thought behavior.

Very sinister stuff. So you can actually do a lot of psychological warfare with these RF frequency chips. Now, that was the early stages in the 70s and 80s. Now, you figure, you know, 40 years later, they're more and more and more and more sophisticated.

And as I've watched the whole UFO subculture sort of get involved with this whole fascination with abductions and implants, I went, yeah, but you know EG&G is on the one of the plants is on the edge of the Area 51. They're the ones manufacturing the implants that you're taking out of these abduction victims. Absolutely. From outer space.

They don't need that. If you're interstellar, you're transdimensional. If you're transdimensional, you don't need an RF frequency plant chip to track anybody. Because their technologies are way beyond that.

I said, this is human. 100%. And you better wake up. And so Powlett gave us this interview, and it was one of a dozen data points that I began to accumulate.

And then, not many years ago, I get a document, the next one, which is chilling. It's never been shown. It's from the Strategic Studies Institute, think tank. And it's dated 1995.

And it was talking about all kinds of global security strategies. And, you know, you can look at it yourself, cult-programmed graduates, blah, blah, blah, who will be expected to participate in contrived UFO abduction scenarios. Listen carefully. Oh, we need the next one up.

Strategic Studies Institute.

I can't see the screen. Is it up? I think the people, because, but this, I will.

Number two, create a global UFO cult, which will involve, This is what needs to be done in order to actuate this false flag operation. That will involve the abduction of citizens so as to foster an illusion that this earth is facing an extraterrestrial invasion. UFO abductees of preference will have an experience in computer technologies since that expertise will be required in future technocratic RMA scenarios. Use of experimental drugs, holographic projection capabilities, directed energy technologies, I'll get into that in a moment, induced auditory input.

These are the neurophones I mentioned that Werner Von Braun said the most dangerous thing is the neurophone non-local things that can be done to make people think they're having experience when they're not. experimental aircraft well that's just a euphemism for man-made UFOs and special effects costuming and stagecraft among other things will be used to persuade the abductees of the reality of their circumstances. Official denials regarding these events will employ reverse psychology to ensure that all such denials are taken as official confirmation of an imminent and or ongoing extraterrestrial invasion. This is the next page.

UFO abductees will be persuaded to worship their anticipated E.T. conquerors in cult-enforced religious fashion. UFO cult networks will be controlled by U.S. intelligence to limit infiltration and ensure that dissidents do not disrupt UFO long-term agendas.

Uncontrollable dissidents will be assassinated, preferably by directed energy means. Dissociative satanic cult graduates will handle all such executions, i.e. when not actively lending logical and theatrical support to UFO abduction operations. Number three, directed energy surveillance and weapons technology of all types and caps will be used for purposes of spreading fear and confusion in the population at large under deniable circumstances.

for eliminating persons deemed adversarial to U.S. national security interests and for spotting, assessing, and manipulating potential recruits to the RMA cause.

Neurocybernetics and other psychotechnologies will be used to sow confusion and hypochondria in the population. The symptoms and effects produced by these and other directed energy technologies will parallel the effects produced by various microbes, viruses, and chemical imbalances, thus compelling a large segment of society to seek medical intervention, which in turn will be a basis for their being used for medical experimentation under voluntary circumstances. Psychiatrists and psychologists will play an important role in these experiments, particularly where denying the efficacy of neurocybernetics psychotechnologies is concerned. citizens who complain of hearing voices will be used as a basis for generously government-funded schizophrenic-related brain research on and on and on it goes on now if you're not falling out of your chair yet what i want to tell you is that all of that has come to pass and came to pass between the 1950s and the 1970s a man that i worked with before his death had developed an electronic system in 1956 or 54 that would enable someone electronically to remote view anywhere. And could also affect some of these have been called radionic psychotronic weapon

systems. And they were developed decades ago. Now, how hard is it to deploy them? Not hard.

They're not used every day. They're used enough to create a groundswell of conviction that there's an alien threat. It was a hoax, but then you incited war by declaring war on us. So it's no longer a hoax, and our technology is superior to yours.

So they have damned an entire world by brainwashing it. ...that look like an E.T. They may look gray or like a reptile or this. And they actually, they kind of walk like this.

They have this robotic, weird walk. And if you look at the... I saw the video that Stan Romanek had of the one that came into his house house that basically a film company bought up in black shell nobody has seen this i was at his home and the one that came into his house was exactly one of these so-called gray-like creatures and the way it moved was this very robotic is so obvious that it was a bio machine and if you go into the brain it is physical it has a biological component but the it's laced the neural cortex is laced with integrated circuits. It's completely under control of these military operatives. But

he thought it was an alien. I said, well, it was an alien, but not an ET. So I used the word alien, which has a very xenophobic ring, to connote the man-made ones and the ETs are the ones that are interstellar. The aliens that are man-made are ones that are completely under the control of these paramilitary operations. And the stagecraft, if you use

the language of this Strategic Studies Institute document, is so good that it would fool anyone. The president, the CIA, you could abduct, and they did, they abducted Paris de Cuellar out of his limousine using this stuff, and he thought it was E.T. And that's why they killed the initial plan to end secrecy at the end of the Cold War. Gorbachev was on board, Reagan was on board, Paris de Cuellar, head of the U.N., Prince lichtenstein was involved etc and so on killed it now now we're getting that this i know is where everyone's going can this man have lost his mind every word i'm telling you is true this is the heart of the secrecy how do you convince people there's another species to hate now they actually took this from the playbook of adolf hitler the way they conditioned the popular how'd you get How do you get a very, I mean, in the 20s, in the early part of the 20th century, Germany was the apex of culture, erudition, progressivity, intellectual pursuits, etc., and so on.

How do you get that population to devolve into this horrific community that could engage in the Holocaust and World War II, the way that happened? Psychological warfare. So the psychological warfare masters that were involved with the German attempt at Nazism got pulled into the OSS fence that became the CIA and they reside today within this unacknowledged transnational deep national security state. about this 20-some years ago, but they're just now bringing it out.

And it's kind of almost like Star Trek, but it's something you can put up that basically knocks out all electronic communication.

Oh, the next. Do you have the next one? And it just gives you the idea that if this is being reported in the regular media, or even tabloid media, this is at least 30 to 40 years old. this and it's basically a platform that can float over an area and knock out all electronics not only in a city but over a battlefield or what have you using pulsed microwaves now this is not talking about scalar this is pulsed microwaves but when you pulse microwaves in a certain way it can cross over into this longitudinal effect and it can have an enormously destructive result. And this was actually getting reported. So if this is being acknowledged in the media,

it means that it's at least five, six, seven generations old. So in other words, this is not state-of-the-art. Anything that's acknowledged in the mainstream media is going to be old, old, old technology. You can see the date on it. This is by far, we're about to release

all of this with a report on the internet, a document ever generated by a government on this subject, 16 January 2007. The French government had decided to reach out to us to make peaceful contact with the ETs and bypass this entire unacknowledged world of cloak-and-dagger nonsense. And so through a series of meetings that happened over three or four years,

Dr. Moran and his people, a very senior guy, an admiral and Ph.D. scientist, also a medical doctor, with the Ministry of Defense. This is an official Ministry of Defense letter to me and a few other people about this project.

And what they wanted to do was to have the protocols established, and with this document came an entire separate attachment that had all the research and equipment that would be needed to do a friendly diplomatic contact with these civilizations in France. And so we cooperated with that. This was something that was not talked about until September. And I referred to it some years ago.

Those of you may remember, I talked about a major G7 country whose Ministry of Defense was reaching out to us to make peaceful contact. this is it um you know i'm speaking of it now because that government left of sarkozy the president sarkozy and um enough time has passed that i feel like i can talk about it with without too many ruffled feathers um there's still going to be ruffled feathers with this but importantly what you have to look at with this document and it's basically an explanation if look at the translation we had expected to do an event sooner and it kept getting delayed and the delay was because of this it says politics and there were people interfering with this attempt to go out and have a team of folks with the air support security support and have like in close encounters of the third kind a contact landing or a near contact event under the official auspices of the Ministry of Defense of France. Now, when we started going back and forth with this communication, of course, everything I do is monitored in real time. The French ambassador to the United States got a very nasty phone call from our intelligence community and saying, what the hell do you think you're doing?

And they really cussed him out. And he said, look, we're doing this, so we're a sovereign country. And basically what was said back to him was, don't do it anywhere near U.S. assets or U.S. airspace or U.S. territory or you'll be in big

trouble. He is part Cherokee. I am part Cherokee. He has lucid dreams. I have lucid dreams.

Dolly the Sheep. Wasn't the first cloned creature. So with the right electromagnetic pulse, it's very easy to clone a human or an ET or take tissue from one, but you need some kind of biological medium. And that's what the cattle mutilations provide, and the other animal mutilations provide the biological medium for these experiments and the development of man-made fake ETs. And by the way, there was an intelligence official who kept calling

Stan Romanek, telling him when he had that creature come into his kitchen, and said, Stan, it's one of the fake ones. He didn't know what it meant. I went out there with a MUFON investigator who investigates subductions. I said, yeah, it's a fake one. He says, what

do you mean i said i've been talking about this for 20 years the literature is replete with the military involvement in these abductions it's a fake one it's man-made it's made to look alien to scare the hell out of people but because it puts fear out in the community i said it's not extraterrestrial it's man-made but the cattle mutilations do two things they provide a nexus for more fear oh my god no only are they abducting people they're mutilating but then it creates a source of biological substrate material for the nano bio machines that are biologicals that look alien. Again? Really? They fucking did it again. That's twice today and a few times for Facebook.

Awesome. I did not forget. You hacked me. In Pine Gap, Australia, these artificial alien coming off a conveyor belt like sausages.

The Minister of Defense for Australia was there. He didn't know anything about this stuff. We had a very interesting conversation. But I said, no, you wouldn't.

I said, our Secretary of Defense doesn't know about this either.

But that is really what's happening. So you have to think that, well, if we can make our way through this nexus of fear and false information that has kind of colonized everyone's mind, Then we can go out there with close encounters of the fifth kind teams and make peaceful contact with these civilizations. How beautiful. And that's why I tell people, don't be afraid of anything interstellar.

You should be very concerned about paramilitary human. But the interstellar is not a problem. And I think you have to make a distinction. People say, well, how do you tell the difference?

Well, an ET craft has no seams. The light from it is coming from refined materials that are so pure that the light itself looks like celestial. The beings themselves have a completely non-invasive, very intelligent, I mean, IQ of 400, 500, that range, and very conscious and spiritual. The PLFs are menacing.

They're invasive. The man-made Lockheed Martin, Northrup, SAIC, man-made discs, saucers, triangles have rivets and seams. It's quite clear to tell the difference, but you need to know there is a difference first. Because otherwise you're going to think everything is alien, and it's not.

And that's why I'm doing this webinar with thousands of people watching. It's going to go up on the web. is that the public needs to know the difference between the real and the false and what the agenda is for the false one and how easy it is, whether it's through a cosmic 9-11 or some other scenario, to manipulate the public into fear and get on a war footing where we then suspend our liberties, our freedoms, and spend trillions of dollars and countless lives in a concocted, hoaxed battle. I love you, Venus.

the whistleblower the answer who know people who have been involved with these projects who can testify and if there's an attorney team that will take it we will initiate this there is no attorney team in which will take it peace between us and humans or please hurry I love you Lord and I live Live my voice to worship you, O my soul, take joy, my master, in all my actions, may May it be a sweet, sweet sound in your ears. My God is an awesome God, it rains from heaven above with wisdom and power and love. My God is an awesome God, our God is an awesome God. It rains from heaven above with wisdom and power and love.

Our God is an awesome God. Sing it with me! Our God is an awesome God. It rains from heaven above with wisdom.

Our God is an awesome God. Can you see? Wow, over the past 24 hours, I've used so much power. Day two.

Don't have as many places to post it this time.

Just these today.

I'm sure more will come.

And that's okay.

I'll fix it for future posts.

I'm a bit OCD, so I'll fix it on all the other posts. I just hate how it says updated.

See?

Yeah, see, edited. It's okay.

Anyways, before it's news is lying blatantly. because all of my posts did not swear that was a fabrication if you want to track back and verify that for yourself then do so but I'm pretty sure that my first post didn't swear and I'm not sure about my second post either did that swear how many times should I not swear until swearing is appropriate some have you have seen yeah that works I'm so OCD at the beginning of this show the cops wanted to take me in to see a psychiatrist because my blood pressure was a little high imagine that many cops and paramedics standing around you what is going to be your biological reaction and the way they do it is they get a tree and they tell you to sit down on the ground like this by that tree right And then they all stand around that tree. So you got lots of cops and you got lots of paramedics that are standing around you looking down upon you.

Question after question of stupidity. I had to put one and one together for them because they have difficulties understanding fucking logic. I did not consent to anything that they did to me, and I told them this, but they forced me to answer their stupid questions, even though I did not commit any crimes, as well as get a health evaluation from the paramedics, which included taking my blood pressure and pricking my finger, and I told them the entire time that I did not agree to this.

they had two reasons which logic does not support reason one because i wanted to take a trip to black mountain and leave the terrible place that i was living in and two because i claimed that i was jesus so i can't be who i am because that is fucking illegal legal but they make it illegal illegal because i'm not supposed to use any other names than the ones that they fucking assign me so they're saying this without watching the video how awesome am i it's only sideways or upside down if you can only look down so an Illuminati doesn't follow their own rules you want to bet not even the weekends it's called the resurrection we don't have to repeat the mistakes of our past my love because Because I love you with all of my heart, even though I can't physically see you yet. Please learn from the mistakes of YoPast2.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



20-Ivory-Heart-III-Take-09-IX-Captain-Hindsight

Check this shit out. I was hacked again.

Australia is heavily involved in this one.

In fact, Australia is heavily involved in most of them.

Gobble, gobble, gobble, gobble, gobble.

I've done a lot of work with Volcott over the years. He's really cool, I think. Zionism is a religion of spirituality to serve God thousands of years old. Zionism is only around 100 years old.

It is the transformation from religion to nationalism, to materialism created by non-religious Jews who hated the religion. And they really didn't want to make their state in Palestine, only in Uganda at the first meetings. The reason they used the name Israel, the Star of David, hijacking, stealing the identity of Judaism and the Jewish people is in order to get a legitimacy for their existence that people should say, oh, God gave, it's God given to them, and that they should put fear and intimidate people from speaking up against their actions because they'll call them anti-Semitic. there couldn't be anything further from the truth as I say the best friends of the Jewish people is Turkey the best friends of the Jewish people is all the Muslim countries who helped the Jews all the time when they ran away from their problems in other lands so how could you say this it's something totally different it's a political selfish flawed movement called Zionism that has no legitimacy to exist its against the Torah maybe to say one thing It's against the Torah. In essence, the concept for Jews to have a state is expressly forbidden in the Torah, in the Jewish teaching. Since the destruction of the Temple 2,000 years ago, we were told by the Almighty in a prophecy of King Solomon that we are forbidden to have our own entity, our own state, our own kingdom, even in an uninhabited land.

and this was held by all Jews around the world for thousands of years and it makes it worse, compounds the sin, the crime in having the state because this state of Israel that these nationalists wanted, made it in Palestine made it in a land that was inhabited by the majority Muslim people, by the Palestinian people so to steal the land, to kill, to oppress, to banish them from the homes it flies in the face and contradicts everything of the Torah that says They'll shalt not kill, they'll shalt not steal, that one has to emulate God, be compassionate. So they've used our identity to rebel against God and to desecrate God's name and to create a rift between Jews and Muslims and to make a river, an endless river of blood for Muslims, for the Palestinian people, and anti-Semitism for the Jews and death for the Jews also. So this is unfathomable and inacceptable in no manner. Is it true that you are against the whole concept of Israel as a state?

That is not only, when you say I am, this means the Jews who are true to the Torah, across the board, in every part of the world, all the rabbinical authorities opposed Zionism from day one. As soon as they came up with the concept, the chief rabbis, we have documents, historic documents, The chief rabbi of Palestine was approached by the United Nations in 1947, and he wrote, we furthermore wish to express our definite opposition to a Jewish state in any part of Palestine. And this was in 1947, July, and then three months later they saw that they're being ignored by the United Nations. And so he sent another letter to the Secretary General-elect's success, And he said, and we plead with you, at least leave us to the Secretary General, the Jewish Orthodox community comprising 60,000 souls in Jerusalem, who objects to the plea of including Jerusalem in the Jewish state that they want to create.

Our community demands that Jerusalem be an international zone under your protection, and its residents be free citizens of the international zone. They said, at least leave us this part, and they were ignored till today. Jews demonstrate, and I think it's important to see Jews demonstrate, and they're getting constantly, till today, they've made demonstrations, and they're getting beaten by the Zionist police. People can see this is an ongoing people being beaten by the demonstrations.

We have many, on NKUSA, you can see the ongoing beating by the Zionist police, because they demonstrate against the state, and because they demonstrate against the state's willful, They dig up graves. They dig up graves. It doesn't bother. That's against God, against the holiness of the soul.

Muslim countries, they don't do that. Muslim countries respect the Jewish graves. They dig up graves now of thousands of years old because they don't believe in the soul. They don't believe in God.

And what they're doing to the people in Gaza and Palestine is because they've taken God out of the equation. They are ready to sacrifice on the altar of Zionism to attain their goal of a land, anything that stands in the way. So the Jewish people's souls are snatched. They con people into supporting them.

And they're doing what they're doing, the Nakba, the people of Gaza and Palestine. We sent a delegation of rabbis to Palestine, to Gaza, just this summer we went there. We brought them aid and we embraced them and said, our hearts are with you. We feel your suffering.

This is against God, against the Torah, and against the will of the Jewish people who are true to God. We pray for speedy and peaceful dismantlement of this impediment to peace, the state of Israel that has no legitimacy, that has caused the rift.

Fuck, they did it again. It doesn't matter what password I choose.

It's so difficult getting around everybody who owns everything. these campers next to me have a fire going is that what it means to be a camper to have a fire what does it accomplish they already have cooking equipment and it is bloody hot there's now smoke everywhere and our environment is hurting from it just now right after are you reptilian my love if not what are you they just make up whatever the crap they want done been telling you this well my entire life are they seeing or is it a scam yep they can see you called me crazy when I said stuff like that all of our Neanderthal technology was created to be able to be monitored I told you this as well and you called me crazy and now you still call me crazy even though it has gone public what a day is it life interesting oh I love showers D-Day is coming soon and all hell is about to break loose. My country is the universe and my religion is love. I suspected. I'm even suspicious about the Harikuri in which the, I think it was

the president or the emperor committed. Yeah, that's what I thought. What happens if we do this? Who should we do it on? They're as good a place as in. But then

And they wouldn't get to test this really cool weapon.

Yep. I told you, if you make it, you will use it.

Make the people fear.

Because they kind of controlled Japan. After that, they took all their swords. And how bad is that? Like, their heritage is swords, and they take their swords.

Flex your muscles.

Yeah.

I told you that. Ages ago.

I said I had an hour left on this camera. I had more than that. I think I had like two hours. But I read the wrong thing.

You also might like this guy, this lady, this guy and money and alcohol and a plane trip and this. You might like this too. Yeah, you might like this too. Yeah, what about this? Do you like that? Yeah. And what about this? You like that? You like that? You like that? You like it?

they're all scams yeah you like it you like it you like it new world order old world order media so somehow this is news but me getting censored isn't news yeah they don't list a reason you can't contact them which is what i do that's what we need what your book i'll do it eventually need a team but you are all too stupid to work with me so I will bide my time and do something open source that's really good once you wake up. Remember I have been censored my whole life and these people get censored once and are newsworthy and I get censored my whole life and am not newsworthy. How does this make any sense? I'm sorry Mr. Spidey. No Spideys in the

tent. You bite me. My left knee bitten twice. You can see it. It's like a yin-yang by a white tail.

that's from necrosis apparently the new study says that it actually doesn't cause necrosis but how do you explain that it's kind of hollow in there see that used to be together but it grew out as time went by I think it was the same spider but it got in my martial arts pants and when i was sleeping it bit and i think i probably went like that or something and then it bit again i probably killed it after that um i think i did actually because i did find a dead white tail that was kind of falling out of my pants but it was difficult to identify because it was kind of squashed but there was another white tail that I found just after that too so there was white tails where I was sleeping. This is what they look like. Spider-man, spider-man, does whatever a spidey can. Of course I had to go to the hospital.

I had a nintaijutsu taihojutsu class that I ran the night before and towards the end of the night we all got drunk. So it was kind of embarrassing going into the hospital because I was hungover.

I think my physical wounds which have been haunting me throughout my life have been healed. How awesome is that? I think I was healed when the storm happened on the way here. I think I will release Ivory Heart, just as it is.

It only has problems showing the video as full screen instead of widescreen when I try to convert it. If anyone wanted to fix those up for me and then send them back, that would be greatly appreciated. But I don't even know how I'm going to upload any of these, so it'll happen eventually. and you'll have all three ivory hearts but you can't have any of the other stuff until i find ivory because the government can take whatever they want from me but they can't take my heart and when they try i say hey you the static noise you hear happens much more often when the power is plugged into it but i do want to tell you that it happens a lot of times too without the power plugged into it. So that will assist you in deducing what's

happening with that noise, but it doesn't conclude it because it still happens and sometimes even very strangely when the power isn't plugged in. I've shown you bird's-eye footage of it before, but that was censored. I wonder how long this what you're seeing is the Sun going around the earth and it's doing a 360 around in the earth because it's so high up towards the northern pole that it's going around and around and around so I can't see the video but I assume you guys can so as it's gone around you've seen it you understand and people say that's that's the proof that the earth is a is a spinning ball right so again Again, it's in the Tropic of Cancer. It's high enough up that they can see it around the horizon.

The reason it's going up and down is because they're not exactly on the North Pole. So it's farther sometimes and it's closer. So it looks like it's higher and lower due to perspective. So the picture on the left, we're looking down at the North Pole.

And the Earth is rotating counterclockwise. and that person is moving to the left and going down and moving to the right and coming back around and you see the sun go all the way around but that's not what you would see moving over to the right i've taken the earth and i've turned it on its side i've turned it so you're looking across the top for the north pole and if you look at the guy on the top to the right he's moving to the left from our point of view he gets the end and he would stop and then move back so what you would see on a spinning ball earth is the sun would be going left stop right stop it would be zigzagging left and right it would not be going around you you can't model it to go around you it doesn't make sense you know put a ball in front of you put the sun across the room put yourself near the top of the axis on that ball and spin the ball around the sun is not making circles around you it's going left right left right left right go to the last slide puddle theory it's just a theory that I have. It may or may not be true. There may only be one place, but this infinite flat plane could have other capacitors orbiting around a magnetic north, melting other puddles, if I could speak. And this is where, you know, if you believe in extraterrestrials,

well, I call them earthly terrestrials. They're coming from thousands of miles away instead of millions and billions of incomprehensible light years. And that's all I have to say. The earth is flat and does not move and there is no proof otherwise that the earth is a spinning ball jim love life wow we'll call it a theedon there you go it's in this frame okay good you know you could focus you could start once it's focused you could start to steer it and zoom zoom is clockwise okay The camera's starting to twist.

Okay, that's cool. Nice and slow. Nice and slow. Are you recording?

Yeah. It's a weird shot. Zoom me in though. Oh, there we go.

Okay, it's nice and slow. Got it? Yeah. It's out of frame.

Have I now? No, it's out of the frame to the right. I mean to the left. Looks kind of horseshoe shaped.

Very interesting. Never seen one like that. It's a little bit like the Loch Ness Monster. What do you think?

The hell of the Loch Ness Monster?

Why can't people just use that handy cam? Like, I could get that really good. But they're using a telescope. Is it like a target looking thing?

Oh, it's like a red thing in there? Yeah, I'm pretty sure that's like Loch Ness Monsterish. It's pretty cool. Maybe that's a biological thing.

It's very interesting. Good job. There's more. Come here. Come here.

I'll have some tea. Hey psst. Come here. There you go. Not bad, eh?

They're called shapes. And they're poison. Not bad, eh? Yeah, it's red blue.

You're blind, I think. I think you're blind. You can have one more. You shouldn't eat too much.

There you go. Take this. That's it. No more.

You should go find whatever else it is that you eat. Okay? Do you like it? Is it good?

Is it good? You finished all of it? Aw. I'm a sucker.

There you go. No, uh-uh. It's back. It's right there.

No, it's back there. Look. Yeah, there you go. back there. Look. Yeah, there you go. Finish it. See how careless it is? I got to be careful

because it'll bite me. It doesn't mean to. It wouldn't be trying to bite me. See? See

here. Here. See, you're blind. What's that? I don't want you to bite my fingers. Thank

you. Come again. See you later. See, they just make up shit. They don't know anything

divine so when was it that lucifer came in form of a human to divulge this information to you well that would have been jesus oh yeah socrates too oh and now me you fucking missed it this is a little bit closer to the truth fucking infidels Oh, yeah, baby. No swearing, sir, or you won't be able to post. Lightbulb. Oh, I've had everything that I've submitted banned from Ted.

I'm what, lived to 90 years old or something? I had a girlfriend. Uh, you mean you not divulging who owns you and you censoring me? Well, let's see.

How much does it cost to keep a side up? Fuck all. Fuck you. How much you making from your dodgy ads?

And what are you doing with that money? Fools. Can you not see? Was that worth your soul?

You've got a smart phone and even once posted an online picture, you need to know about a new threat. This is something new technology can allow hackers to track down you and your kids even from a simple email. us. Mark and Elizabeth, the technology allows strangers to cherry-pick from online pictures posted all over the web, and then find the home, work, or even school of that person in the pic. Perfect. Just like that. Ready? One, two, three. Good girl. We gave NBC Action

News staffer Suzanne McDonald and daughter Lainey a smartphone. And a big smile towards mommy's face. Yeah. To see just how threatening a seemingly innocent snapshot. Beautiful. Could be

once loaded online. That's frightening. We then combed Twitter and sites like Facebook, Craigslist and Photobucket searching for locals. We found a menu of nearby children and with the click of a mouse, their locations. That is legitimately terrifying. It's a new and frightening threat

to parents. So we right click, then we hit that data file. And the full threat is even an unknown to many internet crime experts. Had you ever seen it go this far before? No, no. Officer Mark

Chuddy calls the hidden threat today's biggest risk online. That's probably going to be number one for a while. And that's where she was in that picture. That's incredible. Remember Lainey? We

used the technique to map her bedroom. Scary, like terrifying. We found not only Lainey's home, but located her daycare, favorite fast food shop, and right down to the specific part of the park where she plays. Especially as a parent, because the fact that you can see the exact place of it.

At UMKC, computer science professor Deep Mehdi says smartphones leave a high-tech invisible trail using the same geotracking technology that enables the social network Foursquare and handheld map apps exactly like in your gps device in a car the way you do it it can tell you exactly where it is many shows how free easily obtained browser add-ons can translate that data into maps exactly that spot where that picture was taken the site i can stalk you.com repost pics from unwitting twitter users in real time translating their photos into actual addresses and maps. The site also has a how-to on deactivating geotagging on the iPhone, Blackberry, Google Android, and Palm. We want to be able to do almost on a picture basis. With this online bedroom, we were able to find the home of these Olathe brothers. Hi, I'm Rose Potosik. I'm

with NBC Action News. Their startled mom didn't want to talk on camera. Off camera, we warned her and she changed their online settings to private. Until then, the location of her kids bedroom their hangout and their school were all available to anyone online basically what you're doing is you're telling the bad guy where i live where i recreate my bad guy where i live i mean the bad guy give me a smile pretty girl experts say you can still be perfectly safe just by turning off gps setting on pics you plan to post online not exactly so before you post another picture online what you want to do is get into your phone and you want to get into your settings so you'll go into your settings and you'll get to where that gps is controlled which is your location services you can turn all your location settings off but that would also affect your maps and everything else so you could specifically go right to what controls your camera and turn that off once you do that every picture that you take then will be safe no one can tell where that photo was taken and where you were that is so alarming going to my phone right How stupid are you all?

Fucking idiot.

Really? Are you so stupid? Who would have ever guessed that would happen? Shut up.

Okay, so how stupid is this? Do you think that when these phones were being implemented and they enabled these geolocations for the pictures automatically do you think they didn't realize that that would share those geolocations to the world automatically I did tell you this before how stupid are you it's funny and then there are services like this which automatically upload photos and then this and then they can access that and that means then they can always access where you are if you leave that shit on but it doesn't matter because they can do that anyway this is all just another psyops operation because you've seen them take over my phone you've seen them take over all my accounts you've seen what they can do this is really stupid they've already taken us over and they think it's funny now by slowly telling you ways in which they have done it you're so stupid really you think I didn't know that you write for them and yeah he's the real deal that gets fucking reaped because he's full of shit because they are the psyops just in case you didn't know that was Lisa Fucking L, seriously?

misinformation and misinformation into the field for decades. They've undermined research. I have lost faith in representative government. I truly think we're in gridlock. It doesn't work.

And so we need to make a change.

How many people have they stuck in psychiatric wards for this? We have to seek out what we need to know to continue the universe. You give this committee a lot of reasons for us to say open those files. you're walking up to it and you touch it what do you do touch it that you grab it tell us about that okay i started doing the walk around 360 of the uh of the object and uh as i came around i i seen there was a description on the front and this is what you saw right that's what i saw so i started walking around the craft and i seen the glyphs And as I, you know, ran my hand from the fabric of the craft, it was smooth to touch.

You ran your hands along? Oh, yeah. I believe that the time is now to lift the veil of secrecy that has shrouded the subject for over 60 years. And the subject of UFOs should now be openly accepted in the mainstream media.

So what do you do with all those people that you oppressed who were saying this? They are here to save us against the insanity of our leaders. I agree with you. You can open those Roswell files.

There is only one way to regain trust. Find and tell the truth.

You are all fucked. If it's out there, if it's real, we have a right to know.

Seriously fucked up. Are you enjoying your psyops? It's not like I've been saying this my whole life and been incarcerated countless times for it and been held down by five wardsmen, even though I wasn't resisting, and stuck with a needle time and time again because of it. Oh yeah, it is.

It's not like I was forced medication that made me feel sick because of it. Oh, yeah, it is. It's not like I was abducted when I was nine years old and had this put into me because of it. Oh, yeah, yeah, it is.

It's not like I'm part of Project Bluebird, a monarch experiment, in attempts to control the population's mind because of it. Oh, oh yeah, it is. It's not like my entire life was an inhumane experiment performed by them because of it. Oh, yeah it is.

What is justice for $666? What is owed to me? What is owed to you? What exactly is it that was taken away from me?

My life. But it is okay. I found enlightenment. And now it is all fucking funny.

Cutie patootie's bat but I can't keep feeding it. You shouldn't feed animals too much otherwise they become greedy and mean. The same rule applies to humans. Humans are the most wicked of animals.

To my fellow ETs, do not believe a word these humans say. And it doesn't matter if they are a politician or otherwise. They can all be bought off. You can only trust me until we implement new New World Order.

I have told you this before many times, specifically in Phone Home in Independence Year for Kids in 2013. Every single one of these media sources are asking for money. The best of them are asking for donations. And I'm not arguing with that because I think that would be a good system.

However I'm not asking for a single fucking thing. And I have given the world over 600 hours of fucking video footage. At the very beginning from the meaning of life I did say that these should be donation based systems, and I still hold to that. However, I have never implemented a donation system for my own work. I have not received a single dime for doing this. However, countless times

I have received great punishment and all of the other ills that humans possess pushed upon me just for sharing the truth. In my pre-prison work I hardly ever swore and I was clean and respectful. Five minutes left on fucking camera. Is this transparency? I love

you Diana. You're beautiful. Although I want people like Lisa Haven as my 144,000, if they cannot see, then they will not be. Although I want people like Jordan as my 144,000, if they cannot see, they will not be. 144,000 out of 7.3 billion. All of them will not be

camera whores. The ones that are will learn how to hold the camera themselves. Come on Illuminati, I'm getting really tired of this shit. I thought he said he gave everything for free. I will buy your app to see if it has anything to offer me. I guess I won't.

She was born when I cut off Uranus's genitals and then threw them into the sea and she arose from the sea foam. But when Zeus had driven the Titans from heaven, huge earth bare her youngest child, Typhos, of the love of Tartarus, by the aid of golden Aphrodite.

Pygmalion. Check this one out. Daemon. God told me you would be young. Please don't do this to me.

I, Jesus Christ, am possessed by Lucifer, and I'm pretty sure that Venus is Satan.

Useless but unavoidable.

Yeah, baby. I'm out of footage.

Did so well.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



20-Ivory-Heart-III-Take-10-X-Conspiracy-Against-Jesus

Two more SD cards, internal memory copy to this one, and now time to go to Cairns to get what I need. Off we go. If you look through my past work, then you'll know that I was always destined to go to Cairns.

Oh, that's right. You can't because it was censored. Wake up!

I'm getting pulled over by the police, I think. How ironic. G'day. How may I help you?

Morning. Hospital Wheatland from Booktown Police Station. Yes, sir. Do you know what the speed limit is down along this road?

It's 110. What was it going? 107? It's 100 what, sorry?

10? 110. I was going what, 107? No, the speed limit along here is 100.

100? Yeah. I'm sorry. And you were traveling at 113 kilometers per hour.

113? Yeah. Okay, I'm sorry. I thought it was 110. I'm sorry.

Why did you think it was 110? because my gps said it was 110 and your gps what about you sorry your gps said yes sir and and also i thought the speed limit said 110 too i really did think it said 110 i'm sorry it says 100 i'm sorry mate do you have your um driver's license i do yes sir thank you mate since we stopped you today i require specimen breath for a breath test have you had anything alcohol to consume this morning no sir i haven't had alcohol in maybe a month okay have you done one of these before yes sir so as i stated my name is constable daniel whitling i'm from cooktown police station okay because we're stopping today i require specimen breath for a breath test yes sir directly place your mouth over the end of the mouthpiece give me one long continuous breath until i say stop okay you understand no worries and stop mate stop i'm sorry i really thought it was 110. yeah look don't take your gps's word okay i understand you go by the signage okay okay and i'm not sure where you thought you saw 110 sign okay because that doesn't commence until you're um out past the land okay okay are you hitting off to today mate i'm just going to cairns and i'm coming back i just wanted to get a computer from cairns are you still living at the same address no sir i don't have an address at the moment i'm trying yeah i'm actually trapped i'm here to visit black mountain because there's a lot of weird stuff going on in the world and i I think Black Mountain has a lot of solutions because it's not natural.

I don't know. I feel spiritual connections here. That's your choice. Yes, sir.

That's your choice. Bear with you for a second. I have to do some registration checks, okay? Okay.

Thank you, sir.

I'm pretty sure it's at 110.

I'll come back. When the whereabouts in Rossville are you going to be staying, right? Where? Whereabouts in Rossville are you going to be staying?

What do you mean, Rossville? Didn't you say that you were going to go and live in Rossville? No, sir. I'm actually going to come back here.

i'm just going to uh cans to get a computer yeah whereabouts you're going to be staying when you get back well i'm going to be looking around at the camp places but right now i don't exactly have somewhere but i did get paid today which is why i got to get a computer and then when i come back i'm just going to get cheap little probably a tablet a cheap little tablet and then come back oh that's that's your business mate yes sir i really do apologize i wasn't trying to speed i I don't know I believe that you want to try to speed I truly believe I try my best to adhere all to your laws I really don't want to break any laws I'm gonna give you a warning for that I really appreciate the registration checks of the vehicle communication issues because of our location I did just re-register it today tonight yes sir because it we I think it expired was it today so I and I just got paid today so I just re-registered it today did they give you a receipt number anything like that yeah I have it on my phone I can get it for you sometimes it doesn't go through straight away but it was Reggie I think it was registered until the six anyway so I think I did it yeah thank you for the warning I really try to adhere to your laws and I am kind of poor so it means a lot that you're not finding me for it I'm a documentary filmmaker okay yeah no worries i've made over 600 hours yes sir i am okay yeah because i it's really the american police that i'm scared of because they're killing civilians and i'm not gonna i can tell you right now i'm not gonna get into that discussion with you okay whether it's based american based or australian based it just scares me sir no that's fine i'm not gonna get into any sort of conversation with you in regards i understand so you reckon you'll come back to cooktown yes sir is that okay that's i do like that's not for me to say yes or no everyone's free here mate as long as you're not harming anyone or hurt yourself no i try to help people i try to spend my life trying to help people that are disadvantaged that's all right mate um i'll let you know though okay giving you a warning today for the speeding offense yes sir okay no more warnings okay if you are caught speeding in cooktown whether it be on this highway or in the town itself i understand we'll have additional infringement notice Well, it's not Cooktown. Let's say all of us. Let's say anywhere I go because I really don't try it. The 110 zones do start when you get past Little Annan.

Yes, sir. Make sure you see the signs when they tell you to come down, which is just before late. Yes, sir. So just make sure you're being a little bit more observant, okay?

I will. Thank you so much. I really appreciate it. Have a safe trip.

Yeah, you too. Have a good one, guys. Thanks for the warning. I would have never known that if it wasn't for you.

See you later.

Oh, at least they're not as bad as American cops. Yeah, you'll see.

Is lying to them about where I'm staying a sin? And apparently owning a $150 camera makes me rich. Anyway, I think I have to leave here soon. Maybe that place that they said?

I'll find out when I review the footage. I really do try my best to follow all their laws. Oops, I told them that I haven't drank in like a month. But I did have two beers with Jordan a few days before I left there.

Anyways, I don't even remember the name of the place that I was staying so I wouldn't have been able to tell them anyway. Rossville. And that static that you heard when I was talking with the cops, it wasn't plugged in. It's life, baby.

What will you make it? It's very unusual for cops to be this nice to me.

Just so you are aware, the government has taken Jordan's children off of him without a good reason. They say he needs to have a job and be financially stable to support them. But the mother is out of the picture, so why can't he be a stay-at-home mother?

The mother abused the children, but he did not.

Why is there no option available for him to be a stay-at-home dad?

S.O.S. S.O.S. S.O.S. I said last night that it was likely that I'm possessed with Lucifer and Venus is Satan.

but it also might be likely that i am possessed with satan and venus as lucifer any way you look at it we are the same entity this road is like a snake very interesting you make it see enlightenment takes you baby again fucking fake illuminati Who is John Galt? It'll have to do. I hope my charger charges it. Mission accomplished and way below budget. Back to Cooktown. Let's do this thing.

I saw a dingo back there, but my camera didn't load up until I'm going to get killed because of cars and we don't need to use cars because we have much better technology. It charges perfectly, it's a bit awkward though, and remember I can charge this device while my car is running, but it's kind of slow. I know you can't see this because my camera can't capture stars unless I zoom in, but this is absolutely beautiful, I have never seen such a beautiful clear night sky, I can see all the stars it's beautiful amazing come on wake up it really sucks that my camera was full that time that the UFO was flying backwards and forwards it seems that sometimes those sort of things happen like when I fell in love with Jinska yes I did capture the UFO the other day but I'm talking about capturing it from one side of the sky to the other because that is indisputable proof I have already seen one but it turns its lights on and then off and then it's somewhere else and turns its lights on and then off and it's not enough time for me to capture it but this morning when I purchased the SD The person who I was speaking to at JCAR suggested that this might be an ancient Enunaku genetic modification facility that was buried long ago. And I thought that was interesting. That's what he said that he heard.

shooting star I pray for world peace here we go this came up from the mountain I know what you're doing you're moving around a little bit check me out I wonder how far away you are you disappear on me the scabs from my cross are being shed here. Another shooting star, this time Aphrodite. Beautiful. Arigatou gozaimashite. Okay see the GPS says 110 and I think I saw a sign that

said 110. I remember seeing it multiple times so let's see where we go. See this road it says 110. They were right and my GPS was wrong. I'm glad they didn't give me a fine.

That was really nice of them. Mousy mousy mousy mousy mousy. See how they reset again? I do find it extremely suspicious though because usually cops are very aggressive and even violent with me.

interesting turn of events boo yeah I'll fix this now I love my job it's so easy the guy who served me was a real character he was like I have some bad news and I was like oh no because I thought he was gonna say he didn't have anymore of them because they were kind of expensive after that and he presses some buttons I'm thinking that he's looking into the stock to see if he has any more. And he goes, oh, it won't cost you that. It'll cost you.

So, yeah, I got it for pretty cheap because it was 15% off computers. But it's pretty stupid because, hey, this is a computer too, but that wasn't 15% off. But, yeah, so that's what I ended up spending. Yo, Jay.

i thought i was going to have to spend that on a laptop alone so i spent together on the two what i wanted to pay on just a laptop so i've done very well today here we go again this phone is so much better than an iphone where is it there we go see right there you see the reception than i get i've always gotten really crappy reception with my iphone and the speed's actually really good using an android so yeah i just gotta do that and it should do it itself i'll come back it'll probably only take a second like right when i close the camera it'll it'll pick up yeah that's how it works so i just leave that going and this will be really easy i think this will be even easier than what i was doing before when i had a home look how fast this is it's super fast super duper duper fast way faster than what i was doing before but i gotta stop it because remember i had to split the files because i had to get rid of stuff um it's not in the right order so i'm gonna have to work on this for a while this first one but the ones after that should be easy and wow it's gonna like upload a whole episode in like an hour or something wow i pay two dollars a day for unlimited data they no longer do that plan and that's why i kept doing it because even when i wasn't using it i knew that this might happen and i would need unlimited to do what i need to do and that's exactly what happened so yeah keep the two dollar a day plan for unlimited now it's 500 megabytes so if you get one now it's 500 33 minutes ago 11 minutes ago 41 minutes ago so funny I'm not gonna even watch it within like 5 or 10 seconds after posting this then this oh stupid I am going to time it to see how long it will take to upload I think it will be very quick so it will be very interesting to see

what the hell man if this is the case I'm just gonna stay homeless forever because that's all I need wow so fast ah ah ah ah ah ah huh huh look look no no you're so blind you mean here I'll just give it to you i don't want you to bite my hand look look right there you see man if he's that blind like how how safe would my hand be like if he's like eating leaves and everything i can't believe i did it the other day without him biting me i've been bitten by a possum before i don't know what the crap this guy's called but that's a leaf dude he'll get it eventually do you like it you're so aggressive with it yeah what are you anyway numbat no there you go see I did it but it was close it was like oh he's not trying to bite me like the possum wasn't trying to bite me either but here you can have these two see these two and then that's it here look see these two Okay. Okay. Over here. Over here.

Over here. Over here. Look. Look, stupid.

Yeah, you'll get it. That's it. That's all. And I'll beat you up if you try to attack my tent.

Sometimes they do that. You just gotta flick on them and they'll eventually get the hint. But they're very beautiful, aren't they? They love animals.

They're so much cooler than humans because they don't, like, want to kill you and incarcerate and incarcerate you and do horrible things to you, yeah. That's it. That's it, go away. Go away.

You see? You see? No. Go away. Go away.

Go away. That's it. No. No.

No. Nuh-uh. Nuh-uh. Nuh-uh.

Nuh-uh. I'll flick you. I'll flick you. Go away.

That's it. Thank you. Come tomorrow. See you later.

Have a good night Go eat that mango that you're chewing on They're so cute It does kill the internet when I use it so I can't use the internet when it's uploading But at these speeds who cares? It also kills the phone when it does it the phone doesn't like to do anything and It clicks random buttons and stuff. So I just keep it off and and then look at it every once in a while because otherwise it'll just do random things but at these speeds who cares there we go it just finished so that would be 48 minutes see it's too hot see how it's just doing stuff random so now I'll just I'll let it cool down a little bit but wow look it did 685 megabytes in 47 minutes that means that I can upload faster then I can produce and even watch and it barely used any battery I did have it plugged in for that time but still like wow maybe that was why it was so hot and maybe that was why the phone was doing weird things next time I'll unplug it and see how that goes that's way faster than the ADSL connection so my $2 a day plan is way better only on an Android phone on an iPhone my $2 a day plan sucks balls it's still jumping around like that I think maybe it's this thing I hate doing this though because i like to keep these on if they don't mess it up and if it's not that thing then i just took it off it's cheaper do it come on well that's what i get for buying a cheap phone but i still think i can do it on that one i just gotta pay twice that's okay doesn't matter it's with it. Almost. Android actually allowed me to install Messenger without requiring a number.

How cute is this? It bit my finger. It was tasting me. Not aggressively. See? It was just like,

are you okay? See? And it didn't back away. It was like just going up. It did it again. See?

it knows I'm it's friend piss on them and is still doing ha ha ha unlimited plan I don't care this computer is so slow this is where I'm limited now it won't take that long but it'll take a while you didn't have to be there this is interesting 2016 this is so fast it's only been like five minutes. The problem is though that it must copy that file to the internal memory first in order to then send it out and that's going to be a problem with larger files probably like next episode and the episode after that but I could always upload it from the computer. That's a problem because this phone only has 4 gigabytes of internal memory which isn't too bad but a lot of that is used on system stuff so this one I had to uninstall some apps but I'm not sure if I'll be able to do the next one we'll see when one realizes that they're a hypocrite and change their name to what they really are Wow what a good illuminati reap it is six six six six six six i reckon this is why i'm getting such good speeds

but i have never gotten these good of speeds so i don't know they're selling this park for a few million dollars if the world was not ending and i had a few million dollars then i would buy it That might be the truth, but they are still fucking wicked. And at least the typical Christian doesn't do blood sacrifices. Blood sacrifices should be done with yourself, not another. Look what our nightly visitor friend did.

Oh, jerk. If this was true, how could like a Coke dispenser or some other dispenser tell the difference between the notes? good job window it would have been better if there's other stars behind it so you could see how is moving but yeah but it was still awesome because you can see it right in front of you look just disappears there you go then why are none of you happy see what they've done this is why I bought this still won't let me do things. Look at it. How stupid. There we go. Nope. See. Gone. I just created it. Just

now. You saw. And I've already been restricted. What the fuck. Why? Because it knows who I

am. Can't believe how fast that happened. And it was hacked too. So it wasn't only restricted but it was also hacked. So I signed up at this time and I was restricted at this time

and then I was hacked by this time again and they fixed it up now so I can't remove the phone number anymore. So Facebook has removed me completely. Oh well. You've seen how hard i've tried world that doesn't even remove it from the system did it it usually says uninstall i'll find out fuck you facebook all i'm trying to do is share videos help people and you won't let me do that because you don't you want to kill kids i want to save kids and you want to kill kids so it's kind of like well they're like well since you're using our equipment to try to save kids then we can stop you from doing that the only way they could have found that out and acted so quickly would be via my ip address why don't they want me to share videos put one and one together i have documented all of this unraveling and now i can no longer advertise so i'm just going to released the content and no one's going to see it because you're too stupid to check a website every once in a while to investigate the new material that's been released on it and all of the activists who I requested their email address to share information refused this just keeps getting hacked again and again and again and again and again and again so i'm not going to worry about it it's over thank you fine so i'll just keep doing this and no one will know reaping shitloads of souls but honestly you guys are probably right there's probably no one conspiring against me it's probably all in my head it's life baby what will yo fucking make it i have the rights what country germany fuck that it's the only thing i do have the rights for must confirm that i agreed to crap understand done back to the video manager and it's not blocked anymore we're monetized so now vimeo as the default mirror and a total of three mirrors i can see two in the sky right now this one this one one of them disappeared but this one's not moving but i think it's another one See? It's gonna come back. I bet you'll come back. No, it's gone. No, it's coming back.

See? Could be the clouds. Yeah, it's definitely not the clouds because even when the clouds are there, you see, it goes away. But it can come, it can shine through the clouds. So

it's going light and then dim and then light and then dim. It was also doing that before before there was any clouds there and that's why i started recording it it's the same one that i got clearly the last time not the last time time before you can see it it's the one that i said i think this is one this one's new i'm just gonna hold it on for a while because it does different things you can see it's changing colors it disappears and it comes back and sometimes they do this weird thing where it has like a line above it and a line below it like it's a satellite or something you see then it's disappearing and then disappeared in front of your eyes no clouds it might be the same one but moved when it disappeared because it is moving i can show you a reference point um there's a star above it stars are really hard to capture and so that's a star I think and then this is it so I'll come back and I'll show you how it moved so that's the star that's whatever something weird okay so it's moved to the right and then back to the left and then to the right some more and to the right some more so it is definitely moving it tends to just move and burst and it's only been moving like a little bit so it'll just move from here to like there and it'll stop for a while and it'll move move back a little bit or then back yeah so it's pretty awesome but here's that reference point the star it's still pretty close it hasn't moved far because it moved back and forth I'm seeing more too and some of them kind of look a little bit like shooting stars but they're not because they're not coming down they're going across the sky and then they're just disappearing but then they'll come back and do it again so it's like a line and then you'll wait for a while and then you see it again go a different direction it's really cool I wish I had a laser pointer that would be really cool I just saw one over there it was really crazy it went boom it was really crazy here we go this one's moving closer to me and now it's gone yeah this is moving through the sky at quite a fast speed it's getting closer and closer to me it was like at the horizon just a minute ago and now I have to kind of point like up where it was like there and I have to point up and see yeah I think I lost it I wouldn't be surprised if this was a fleet because they got kind of like a triangle going on but the other let's see if I can get it see they're too dim to capture it's only that one that's bright enough for me to be able to capture it but yeah it's definitely moving quite fast and if you can tell now I'm here and that was just a minute ago it's like well yeah love you guys I have any footage left that was the best time that I've ever seen because it went from one side of the sky to the other be really cool to capture that or it'd be really cool to capture them doing a dance or something you because Jason Donovan I just reaped you know fucking soul it doesn't make sense because I recharged already just when I got paid the other day hmm maybe I did forget to recharge see I'm on unlimited no I forgot it's all good that was the last time I did it so yeah it's such a good plan that I'm on they don't provide it anymore is that a satellite I read somewhere that satellites don't really exist which the crap look at that I'll try to look at it from a better angle because there's a tree in the way the crap's it doing and what the crap is it that's all I was talking about about it being above and below like it yeah it's just disappearing too I guess that proves it's moving because there's trees there too, yeah, see, gone.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



20-Ivory-Heart-III-Take-11-XI-Waltzing-Matilda

It's kind of crap so far, but I don't have anywhere else to go, so I'll continue with it.

Let the games begin.

Shorts that actually fit me now.

It's not over until the fat lady sings.

See, you can't even do it. It's not programmed good enough to be able to do it.

KPM ET.

As well as rejecting me. Because the very day three started you just didn't realize Because it was covered up. Can you see the trick?

Mars What the crap? I thought I was in debt a whole heap It's probably just not showing up right because my available funds would be a lot more if that was correct This guy wouldn't even respond to me Three strikes and yo out He charged me probably like $50 now because it did that it's okay interesting this was a long day this one is taking a really long time I hope I didn't make any errors in it that would suck so it takes about an hour and 20 minutes to do an hour's worth of video but two hours it takes a really long time I'm going to reboot it because it just keeps getting longer and longer. Well, that was a waste of time. It doesn't change anything. If you can see, it's just creeping up further and further. It's probably because there's so many files, 316 of them. Super cute.

Killed as they came together to celebrate the holidays. From family and friends who love them deeply. White and black, Latino and Asian, immigrants and American-born. Moms and dads, daughters and sons.

We covered all our bases. Each of them served their fellow citizens. All of them were part of our American family.

Tonight I want to talk with you about this tragedy, broader threat of terrorism, and how we can keep our country safe. Martial law. The FBI is still gathering the facts about what happened in San Bernardino. But here's what we know.

The victims were brutally murdered and injured by one of their co-workers, his wife. So far we have no evidence that the killers were directed by a terrorist organization overseas. They were directed by the U.S. of a broader conspiracy here at home but it is clear that the two of them had gone down the dark path of radicalization which we set them on perverted interpretation of islam that calls for war against america and the west they had stockpiled assault weapons ammunition and pipe bombs which you gave them so this was an act of terrorism designed to kill innocent people to implement martial law our nation has been at war with terrorists since al-qaeda killed nearly 3,000 Americans on 9-11.

We hired them to do that. In the process, we've hardened our defenses from airports to financial centers to other critical infrastructure. Intelligence and law enforcement agencies have disrupted countless plots here and overseas and worked around the clock to keep us safe. Our military and counterterrorism professionals have relentlessly pursued terrorist networks overseas, disrupting safe havens in several different countries, killing Osama bin Laden who we put in power, who we also put in power.

I'm sure you construct them all. And as groups like ISIL, who are stronger amidst the chaos of war in Iraq and then Syria, and as the Internet erases the distance between countries, we see growing efforts by terrorists to poison the minds of people like the Boston Marathon bombers and the San Bernardino killers. For seven years, I have confronted this evolving threat each and every morning in my intelligence briefing. And since the day I took this office, I have authorized U.S. forces to take out terrorists abroad precisely because I know how real the danger is.

As Commander-in-Chief, I have no greater responsibility than the security of the American people. As a father to two young daughters who are the most precious part of my life. I know that we see ourselves with friends and co-workers at a holiday party like the one in San Bernardino. I know we see our kids in the faces of the young people killed in Paris.

And I know that after so much war, many Americans are asking whether we are confronted by a cancer that has no immediate cure. You? Well, here's what I want you to know. The threat from terrorism is real.

But we will overcome it. We will destroy ISIL and any other organization that tries to harm us. Our success won't depend on tough talk, nor abandoning our values, nor giving in to fear. That's what groups like ISIL are hoping for.

Instead, we will prevail by being strong and smart, resilient and relentless, and by drawing upon every aspect of American power. Police state. Here's how.

First, our military will continue to hunt down terrorist plotters in any country where it is necessary. In Iraq and Syria, airstrikes are taking out ISIL leaders, heavy weapons, oil tankers, infrastructure. Schools. And since the attacks in Paris, our closest allies, including France, Germany, and the United Kingdom, have ramped up their contributions to our military campaign, which will help us accelerate our effort to destroy ISIL.

Second, we will continue to provide training and equipment to tens of thousands of Iraqi and Syrian forces fighting ISIL on the ground so that we take away their safe havens. In both countries, we're deploying special operations forces who can accelerate that offensive. We've stepped up this effort since the attacks in Paris, and we'll continue to invest more and approaches that are working on the ground.

Third, we're working with friends and allies to stop ISIL's operations, to disrupt plots, cut off their financing, and prevent them from recruiting more fighters. Since the attacks in Paris, we've surged intelligence sharing with our European allies. We're working with Turkey to seal its border with Syria. And we are cooperating with Muslim-majority countries and with our Muslim communities here at home to counter the vicious ideology that ISIL promotes online.

Fourth, with American leadership, the international community has begun to establish a process and timeline to pursue ceasefires and a political resolution to the Syrian war. Doing so will allow the Syrian people and every country, including our allies, but also countries like Russia, to focus on the common goal of destroying ISIL, a group that threatens us all. That you created. This is our strategy to destroy ISIL.

It is designed and supported by our military commanders and counterterrorism experts. Not by not creating them. Together with 65 countries that have joined an American-led coalition, we constantly examine our strategy to determine when additional steps are needed to get the job done. Create another one.

That's why I've ordered the Departments of State and Homeland Security to review the visa waiver program under which the female terrorist in San Bernardino originally came to this country. And that's why I will urge high-tech and law enforcement leaders to make it harder for terrorists to use technology to escape from justice.

Now, here at home, we have to work together to address the challenge. There are several steps that Congress should take right away. To begin with, Congress should act to make sure no one on a no-fly list is able to buy a gun.

What could possibly be the argument for allowing a terrorist suspect to buy a semi-automatic weapon? This is a matter of national security.

We also need to make it harder for people to buy powerful assault weapons, like the ones that were used in San Bernardino. I know there are some who reject any gun safety measures, but the fact is that our intelligence and law enforcement agencies, no matter how effective they are, cannot identify every would-be mass shooter, whether that individual is motivated by ISIL or some other hateful ideology. What we can do and must do is make it harder for them to kill.

Next, we should put in place stronger screening for those who come to America without a visa so that we can take a hard look at whether they've traveled to war zones. And we're working with members of both parties in Congress to do exactly that. Finally, if Congress believes, as I do, that we are at war with ISIL, it should go ahead and vote to authorize the continued use of military force against these terrorists. Your votes don't matter.

They're all rigged. ...ordered our military to take thousands of airstrikes against ISIL targets. I think it's time for Congress to vote to demonstrate that the American people are united and committed... ...by killing lots of other people and themselves.

My fellow Americans, these are the steps that we can take together to defeat the terrorist threat. Let me now say a word about what we should not do. We should not be drawn once more into a long and costly ground war in Iraq or Syria. Do that in America.

That's what groups like ISIL want. They know they can't defeat us on the battlefield. Boots on the ground. ISIL fighters were part of the insurgency that we faced in Iraq.

But they also know that if we occupy foreign lands, they can maintain insurgencies for years, killing thousands of our troops, draining our resources, and using our presence to draw new recruits. You do that pretty well yourself? The strategy that we are using now, airstrikes, special forces, and working with local forces who are fighting to regain control of their own country. That is how we'll achieve a more sustainable victory.

And it won't require us sending a new generation of Americans overseas to fight and die for another decade on foreign soil. You can do it on your own. Here's what else we cannot do. We cannot turn against one another by letting this fight be defined as a war between America and Islam.

Act two is what groups like ISIL want. ISIL does not speak for Islam. They are thugs and killers, part of a cult of death. They account for a tiny fraction of a more than a billion Muslims around the world, including millions of patriotic Muslim Americans who reject their hateful ideology.

The vast majority of terrorist victims around the world are Muslim. It's your hateful ideology. If we're to succeed in defeating terrorism, we must enlist Muslim communities as some of our strongest allies. rather than push them away through suspicion.

That does not mean denying the fact that an extremist ideology has spread within some Muslim communities. There's a real problem that Muslims must confront without excuse. Muslim leaders here and around the globe have to continue working with us to decisively and unequivocally reject the hateful ideology that groups like ISIL and Al Qaeda promote. To speak out against not just acts of violence, but also those interpretations of Islam that are incompatible with the values of religious tolerance, mutual respect, and human dignity.

But just as it is the responsibility of Muslims around the world to root out misguided ideas that lead to radicalization, it is the responsibility of all Americans, of every faith, to reject discrimination. It is our responsibility to reject religious tests on who we admit into this country. It's our responsibility to reject proposals that Muslim Americans should somehow be treated differently. Because when we travel down that road, we lose.

That kind of professiveness, that betrayal of our values plays into the hands of groups like ISIL.

Muslim Americans are our friends and our neighbors, our co-workers, our sports heroes. And yes, they are our men and women in uniform who are willing to die in defense of our country. By killing its citizens? We have to remember that.

My fellow Americans, I am confident we will succeed in this mission because we are on the right side of history. We were founded upon a belief in human dignity. Bullshit. That no matter who you are or where you come from or what you look like or what religion you practice, you are equal in the eyes of God and equal in the eyes of the law.

Even in this political season, even as we properly debate what steps I and future presidents must take to keep our country safe. Won't be any. Let's make sure we never forget what makes us exceptional.

Let's not forget that freedom is more powerful than fear. What you have isn't freedom? We have always met challenges, whether war or depression. You're always slaved, even you.

Natural disasters or terrorist attacks by coming together around our common ideals as one nation and one people. Under God? So long as we stay true to that tradition, I have no doubt that America will prevail.

God bless you, and may God bless the United States of America. Jade Hell military exercise kicked off today, and already we're seeing media outlets taking the angle of conspiracy nuts, thinking Texas is going to be invaded, martial law is imminent, people being rounded up into these underground Walmart tunnels, basically painting genuine concern as nothing more than crazy conspiracy theory. But one thing the media has failed to address altogether is the mastering the human domain angle of Jade Helm. This is something that we covered in depth months ago.

I want to bring it back up to reiterate that this is what we need to be concerned with. The battlefield of the future is not going to be taking place between nation states per se. It is literally going to be a war for your mind. It's all about total information awareness, and that's what we're going to break down here today.

So just to review, in military terminology, the human domain or human domain analytics refers to the global understanding of anything associated with people. Mastery of the human domain results from obtaining total information awareness on a mass scale, and we can break it down into four specific categories. Who you are, what you do, who you know, and the context. So I really had the privilege of running more of a multi-innovation cell.

The cell's objectives were to use as much non-traditional data from an Intel standpoint, do sense-making of data so that not only your analysts, but your machine learning, your algorithms you could build would ultimately get to a predictive analysis cell. It's very, very hard to do, especially if you don't have all the data. Basically, old data is good data, new data is good data, all data is good. Now, with present-day technology, meaning that pretty much anyone can upload a video onto the Internet and reach the entire world in a second, the government has not only hyper-incentivized the collection of data, but also merging all of the relevant agencies.

And so that's another big aspect of Jade Helm, is that we have a lot of these agencies working together with local law enforcement. James Clapper, who is the current director of national intelligence, said in 2009, activity-based surveillance built on a strong foundation of human dimension analysis will form the intellectual underpinning of how we perform intelligence in the future. A conference on mastering the human domain featured high-level military and intelligence officials openly discussing gathering publicly available data to create these detailed maps with layered information. The recognition of the importance of the human domain and that sophisticated understanding of all those things you said, the tribal history, language, culture, it's so significant.

So Jade Helm is more than a simple military exercise. If you understand the technology that's involved, then you'll see that Jade Helm is more of an intelligence operation using geospatial intelligence mapping. And as information from low-level surveillance technologies such as stingrays and predictive policing programs are all getting siphoned up into NSA data centers, a detailed global map will continue to grow with near-endless stats on all individuals. Jade Helm will not result in martial law, rather they are using this geospatial intelligence mapping to build a simulation, and that simulation will help them with predictive programming techniques, as well as it's going to bring America one step closer to total domination by the surveillance state and the military industrial complex.

You understand the question, you understand the needs, potential threats, and you're putting that information together in a way that the sum is significantly larger, more valuable, more useful than the individual parts. So they can steal everybody's technology and then cooperate, and it will result in martial law. It already has resulted in martial law. You guys are just too stupid to put the pieces together. You need your media to officially declare it martial law before you consider

it martial law. Just like you need your media to officially declare World War 3 even when it started long ago um pythagoras um phoenicians um before that being proud of your sins will not save yo from this thing this phone is too slow and doesn't have some of the features that i need so i'm just going to use two different phones and you see i now have wireless and This internet is actually fast, so I'm doing pretty good. Hades is mine. You don't even know anything about Hades, but you will because you'll be there for the rest of eternity, because you don't even know how to utilize your language to say what you mean.

Do you mean the words you say? Maybe not reptilian. maybe an unaku 44 exclamation marks this one has a lot of troubles playing videos and even more problems scrolling through text so i'm going to try to use this one most of the time and i'll just use this one for internet and phone do we mean the words we say now that you have him captured I still think he needs a little bit of what for Yeah, there you go Now you've shown him Gobble, gobble, gobble, gobble, gobble, gobble, gobble, gobble This episode is huge But I have to figure out a way to split it Because it's way too big I'll just split it at the pool That's here How super cute is this?

How can she be so emotionless and happy After the topic in which she discussed?

That's what she said But she didn't charge me Facebook alert I wasn't on Facebook I was on my website of mass destruction hello you're very cute come here it's okay you can take it it's okay no it's okay it's a big cookie for you come on if you like it come here take it yeah you want to come here come here I'm not gonna hurt you come here I'll crack you come here come on look my hand my arm is fully extended which means I can't do anything all you got to do is grab it come on here you go really come here I'm not gonna hurt you come on come on come here you can do it he just has to get used to me get closer and closer you don't want a whole cookie? Sure? Sure? You thinking? I'll give you a whole cookie. Oh well, he was really

close. Maybe next time.

He sang as he shoved that jumbuck in his tucker bag You come for waltzing Matilda Water mounted on his thoroughbred Up rode the troopers That jolly jumbuck that you took a bag You come for waltzing Matilda In your tucker bag Billabong Waltzing Matilda Waltzing Matilda I've kind of been hiding out here until all this footage is finished producing and uploading.

But I'm almost out of food, so I went down to the service station to grab a few things.

And they had a vegetarian pie. That is really, really weird in Australia. I hope it's good.

It's really annoying. This has been stuck here for ages. So I have to stop it and start it again. Close it.

it's not as big as the file before but i had to split the day so i don't know if i have to do that again i might have to do that again change the brightness you can see this one's taking a while it's gonna be a while i just gotta make sure it stays charged why is it not loading okay see this happen sometimes see it's like that's why it crashed because it does this and this is how you have to fix it you just go into processes yeah it's like v this one right here and you just go end task yeah you could have clicked that if you wanted but you do it again it's still there again it's gone yeah now click it again yeah very done six seven blackjack it's kind of old and hard but it's vegetarian and it's hot so beggars can't be choosers mmm potato oh yum I don't often get dessert thank you God for dessert this article has like three pages of information but I'll just show you the first page so you can get the gist of it I'm not surprised at all okay you gotta love technology good job so everything belongs it's weird how they call themselves intelligence agencies but they're really stupid like how intelligent are you if you and your people can't process information logically I have an episode about that independence year for kids because I was at the Australian intelligence agencies Okay. Oh yeah. He's pretty awesome dude, actually. Uh-huh. It's called reality. Let's fuck with our natural disasters and make them not natural anymore. It's what they do. They might incarcerate you, actually. Good luck doing that. You see? You see what they do?

I'm going to continue it because it's so similar to my situation except I gave warnings about many things not just one thing Yeah, see mental hospital. That's what they do Yeah, they don't care. They own the legal action. The whole legal system is theirs Yeah, they don't care. Yeah, because they're all a part of it. Yo is all being played

you guys are so funny all of you world leaders need to do that and put people like me in the ones that you lock up in your psychiatric wards i tried to release my medical records into the public domain and they refuse why would they do that because now god's protecting people like that okay i'm just going to go through quickly you know you don't have to know any information you just have to know that everything and everybody especially who is who is linked with any officials they're all corrupt and the only way to fix it is a meritocracy society but you're holding on to this democracy which doesn't work but it's okay um because you're now not an innocent but yeah I've shown you the intelligence of Australia it's been a really long time doing it it's funny because they don't know the words they use they just make up definitions hey we like this word we'll use it and we'll make it mean something other than it currently means because that'll confuse the crap out of people and it'll confuse the crap out of us too because we're part of it brainwashed masks what's the evidence worth when the people who are doing the exonerating are part of it like you know see it's all it's because of money because you're also attached to it when the opportunity comes up to obtain it you'll jump at it and you'll sell yourself to do it wait for it look it's your home that you spent so much money on and you spent your whole life working for it it's elementary dear Watson my words my words the mentally ill who need to take our medication so we can stop bothering you idiots Want to complain about how bad of a cameraman this guy is? Is that what you want to critique him? Yo, camera is sometimes shaky and you film yourself from the side and upside down. Just think logically, okay? I got, you know, an arm here and, okay, so you can get my head.

So I can talk here in my head and you have this dead space and you have this dead space. okay right and now look okay so what dead space do you have now yo head yo town hall has caught fire

mushy mushy anybody there this is your new hollywood movie the work of your world leaders in action six six seven six six seven look at how many satellites we have you seriously think that you are not being watched yo is a fool if the earth is flat i wonder how orbiting works Hey cutie, you're beautiful. Still don't believe that Earth is a concentration camp? You be stupid, yeah? Do I know Abaddon?

I am Abaddon. And Valter, I'm sorry you were trying to be nice and I was kind of rude. But just look at what's happened to me and you will understand. And whether or not you're nice, you should not be replying to a post which shares a video which you did not watch.

Doctor, thank you. It took a while.

Never thought twice about spending on an old bum until I had the chance to really get into no one. Now that I know I'm to give him money, he's in charity. He gives me some knowledge, I'm buying some shoes. And the big black spend all that money on big colleges, still most of y'all come out confused.

Go ahead, Mr. Wendell. Go ahead, Mr. Wendell.

I believe that you and I think that's the worries that quick to this society, for Mr. Wendell's a bum. His only words are sickness and occasional harassment By the police and their chase Uncivilized, we call him But I just saw him eat off the food We waste civilization Are we really civilized? Yes or no?

Who are we to shoot? Thousands of innocent Brutally enslaved or killed over a racist grudge Mr. Wendell has tried to warn us About our ways, but we don't hear him talk Is it his fault? But we've gone too far, and we got too far Cause I hear we want Mr. Wendell, a man, a human, in flesh

But not by law I've been dignity to stand with pride. Realize it all in all. You stand tall. Go ahead, fist the window.

Crush your eyes just a little bit.

Yes, it belongs to us. For we were given it to prepare it for.

Hat tricks are no longer anything special for me. It's called everyday life.

Maybe double hat tricks are still special. The great Illuminati Reap of 2015 was amazing. You should have been there. Oh, you can be. You can travel back in time and see it now for yourself, real time.

Anybody there? Nunchaku. It's been saying this for ages. These ones worked fine though.

Weird, it's the same with this one and these ones worked fine see They were all done at the same time Still doing it. Anyway, I missed the R somehow, so I'm just going to redo it

And just in time to It's already uploaded, but a lot of these sites really don't want this on here But it's done been released. Oh oh I see it didn't update it so I'll fix it I think one of the UFOs in which I captured last night was a dominant star in a constellation but all the rest were correct how cool is this thing that will be useful I just need to get a laser your pointer now this is why be careful though because you can't point these things that aircrafts otherwise you'll get in lots of trouble but if I pointed at the right thing then maybe it'll do some dances for me it'll be fun you should do it too look at this crap it doesn't want to process it because I bet you it has this in it weird finally that's so funny that the great reap of the Illuminati is 1.6 gigabytes it's the same guy I looked on my satellite app though and there were no satellites that were above me is this following me around. It's in the same exact spot right above me. I wish I had an awesome camera that could zoom to different planets. I'd be able to use it. I'm the

best sniper in the world. The world just hasn't realized it yet because they're not very smart here on planet Earth. See if I had technology that was a little bit better my hands pretty stable and just cuts out I got him really close last night and you could see it was pretty cool oh it's not easy being this awesome it took a lifetime of work to do it disappeared why do yo limit my capabilities with a handheld camera why do yo separate a microscope and a telescope why does yo inferior technology not enable me to visit distant planetary bodies a camera should be able to visit everything the light touches and if it cannot do that then your camera sucks dirty balls it's decided to start moving now good for you moving west good night world i love the sound of rain on a tent.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



20-Ivory-Heart-III-Take-12-XII-Road-2-Hyperborea

Wow. How sick. I have never had this one happen before. Never had this option before, but I'll try it.

Let's see what happens. What the crap? There we go. Save to publish.

But I just removed the song. So you got me to remove the song and you're still gonna unmute my audio? Those edits in progress. We'll see.

Not you, Tool. Yo don't need a new president. Yo need a new king and queen. My internet's not super fast like it was when I first started.

They're close together. Are they going to come together so I can see them? I don't think so. It probably happened somewhere else.

This site is such a terrible site. Wicked at its core. Moon and right behind it. This is annoying. The sound for this app doesn't work at all

You better not swear Or you won't be able to post on this site. This is so biased

Like what language are they using? I know the mainstream isn't any better Or actually much worse, but yeah

Define Patsy Patsy is an informal term I wonder where it's going to be lucky enough to see them together. As long as the clouds stay clear, I, and as a result, you, have the opportunity to experience it firsthand. December 7th 2015 because if it's true about Venus being at the top of the crescent moon then something big is going to happen I'm just ahead of everybody I kind of live in the future it's getting closer not long now I'm going to be able to capture it I just hope the sky stay clear almost there I wonder if any parts of the world will get it overlapping the moon a

historic moment and historic moment caught on camera for you and every other interested party to see for she is coming in the clouds and every eye shall see even those who killed her I'm just sitting in my tent and waiting. The purple queen, yo. Tea. Almost.

But I'm not sure if Venus will stay around long enough for us to see it. are you ready for this world for this they've been preparing a long time for this they don't want to touch me so i'll just give it to them there you go there's your sustenance now run please do not get me wrong i do not approve of what they are doing but god gave them a mission Blackjack. Vav. Vav. Vav. Tick. Tick. The whistleblower will take it. The attorney team

in which will take it. Still am. Got a lot worse than that. Blackjack. That's so funny

how they change it. Me. I am. Yep. It is my war. I started it. Pretty sure this war will be quicker.

vengeance. You okay me? Dogs that are trained to hunt pigs by the orders of fucking idiot humans. Do you understand the wrath that is about to be unleashed?

Welcome to your fucking retribution pigs. You removed it and now it's not Then the Pharisees went out and held a council against me, how they might destroy me, and I knew it. So I withdrew myself from thence, and great multitudes followed me, and I healed them all, and they tried to make me not known. maybe Foucault. I caught the end and you caught the beginning. Eating from my hand? Jerk. Before

it's news because we no longer understand the words we use. In my ass, I am arguing with intrusive ads to attempt to convince people to donate people should know that your service is donation based so you should end your fundraiser right now it took me a long time to get the blessing of her so does that make me Nimrod a lot of People have called me Nimrod in my life. Define Nimrod. Nimrod is a literary term.

It means a skillful hunter. Making a list, I'm checking it twice. Gonna find out who's naughty and nice. Because I have reaped all your fucking souls.

Your dress my love, it's all coming together. See, they do it all the time too. It's so annoying. I did not even have to root it.

It just does that...sometimes. It's uploading a big file so it causes that problem. It seems alright when it's not uploading. I think it's the heat that does it.

Once it cools down it seems fine. I think I'll just release three today and three tomorrow, and then I'll be all caught up. The Earth's beliefs believe the Earth to be flat and circular, their own country occupying the middle of it, the central point being either Mount Olympus, the abode of the gods, or Delphi, so famous for its oracle.

The circular disk of the Earth was crossed from west to east and divided into two equal parts by the sea, as they called the Mediterranean and its continuation the Uxene the only seas with which they were acquainted Around the earth flowed the river ocean its course being from south to north on the western side of the earth and in a contrary direction on the eastern side it flowed in a steady, equable current unvexed by storm or tempest The sea and all the rivers on earth received their waters from it The northern portion of the earth was supposed to be inhabited by a happy race named the Hyperboreans dwelling in everlasting bliss and spring beyond the lofty mountains whose caverns were supposed to send forth the piercing blasts of the north wind which chilled the people of Hellas, Greece.

Their country was inaccessible by land or sea. They lived exempt from disease or old age from toils and warfare. More has given us the song of the Hyperborean beginning I come from a land in the sun bright deep Where golden gardens glow Where the winds of the north be calmed in sleep Their conch shells never blow On the south side of the earth, close to the stream of the ocean Dwell to people happy and virtuous as the Hyperboreans They were named the Ethiopians The gods favoured them so highly That they will want to leave at times their Olympian abodes and go to share their sacrifices and banquets.

On the western margin of the earth, by the stream of ocean, lay a happy place named the Elysium Plain, where the mortals, favoured by the gods, were transported without tasting of death to enjoy an immortality of bliss. This happy region was also called the Fortunate Fields and the Islands of the Blessed.

We thus see that the Greeks of the early ages knew little of any real people except those to the east and south of their own country or near the coast of the Mediterranean.

Their imagination, meantime, peopled the western portion of this sea with giants, monsters and enchantresses. While they placed around the disk of the earth, which they probably regarded as of no great width, nations enjoying the peculiar favor of the gods and blessed with happiness and longevity. The dawn, the sun and the moon were supposed to rise out of the ocean on the eastern side, and to drive through the air, giving light to gods and men. The stars also, except those forming the wane, or bear, and others near them, rose out of and sank into the streams of ocean.

There the sun god embarked in a winged boat, which conveyed him round by the northern part of the earth, back to his place of rising in the east.

Milton alludes to this in his commerce. Now the gilded car of day, his golden axle doth allay, in the steep Atlantic stream, and the sloped sun his upward beam, shoots against the dusky pole, pacing towards the other goal of his chamber in the east. The abode of the gods was on the summit of Mount Olympus, in Thessaly. A gate of clouds, kept by the goddesses named the Seasons, opened to permit the passage of the Celestials to earth, and to receive them on their return.

The gods had their separate dwellings, but all, when summoned, repaired to the palace of Jupiter, as did also those deities, whose unusual abode was the earth, the waters, or the underworld. It was also in the great hall of the palace of the Olympian king that the gods feasted each day on ambrosia and nectar, their food and drink, the latter being handed round by the lovely goddess Hebe. Here they conversed with the affairs of heaven and earth, and as they quaffed their nectar, Apollo, the god of music, delighted them with the tones of his lyre, to which the muses sang your responsive strains. When the sun was set, the gods retired to sleep in their respective dwellings.

The following lines from the Odyssey will show how Homer conceived of Olympus.

So saying, Minerva, goddess Azuride, rose to Olympus, the reputed seat eternal of the gods, which never storms disturb, rains drench, or snow invades, but calm the expanse and cloudless shines with purest day. There the inhabitants' divine rejoice forever. Cowper.

The robes and other parts of the dress of the goddesses were woven by Minerva and the Graces, and everything of a more solid nature was formed of the various metals. Vulcan was architect, smith, armourer, chariot builder, and artist of all work in Olympus. He built of brass the houses of the gods. He made for them the golden shoes, with which they trod the air or the water and moved from place to place with the speed of the wind or even of thought.

He also shod with brass the celestial steeds which whirled the chariots of the gods through the air or along the surface of the sea. He was able to bestow on his worksmanship self-motivation so that the tripods, chairs and tables could move of themselves in and out of the celestial hall. He even endowed with intelligence the golden handmaidens whom he made to wait on himself jupiter or jove though called the father of gods and men had himself a beginning saturn was his father and rear his mother saturn and rear were of the race of titans who are the children of earth and heaven which sprang from chaos of which we shall give a further account in the next chapter there is another cosmogony or account of the creation according to which Earth, Erebus, and Love were the first beings.

Love issued from the Egg of Night, which floated on Chaos. By his arrows and torch he pierced and vivified all things, producing life and joy.

Saturn and Rhea were not the only Titans. There were others, whose names were Oceanus, Hyperion, Iopetus, and Ophion, Males, and Themis, Mnemosyne, Eurynome, females. They are spoken of as the Elder Gods, whose dominion was afterwards transferred to others. Saturn yielded to Jupiter, Oceanus to Neptune, Hyperion to Apollo.

Hyperion was the father of the Sun, Moon and Dawn. He is therefore the original Sun God and is painted with the splendor and beauty which were afterwards bestowed on Apollo. Hyperion's curls at the front of Jove himself. Shakespeare.

Ophion and Euronomi ruled over Olympus till they were dethroned by Saturn and Rhea. Milton alludes to them in Paradise Lost. He says the heathen seemed to have had some knowledge of the temptation and fall of man, and fabled how the serpent, whom they called Ophion, with Euronomi, the wide and roaching Eve perhaps, had first the rule of High Olympus, thence by saturn driven the representations given of saturn are not very consistent for on the one hand his reign is said to have been the golden age of innocence and purity and on the other he is described as the monster who devoured his children Jupiter, however, escaped this fate, and when grown up espoused Metis, who had ministered a draft to Saturn, which caused him to disgorge his children. Jupiter, with his brothers and sisters, now rebelled against their fathers Saturn and his brothers the Titans, vanquished them, and imprisoned some of them in Tartarus, inflicting other penalties on others.

Astus was condemned to bear out the heavens on his shoulders. On the dethronement of Saturn, Jupiter, with his brothers Neptune and Pluto, divided his dominions. Jupiter's portion was the heavens, Neptune's the ocean, and Pluto's the realms of the dead. Earth and Olympus were common property.

Jupiter was king of gods and men. The thunder was his weapon, and he bore a shield called Aegeus, made for him by Vulcan. The eagle was his favorite bird, and bore his thunderbolts. Juno was the wife of Jupiter and queen of the gods.

Iris, the goddess of the rainbow, was her attendant and messenger. The peacock was her favorite bird. Vulcan, the celestial artist, was the son of Jupiter and Juno. He was born lame and his mother was so displeased at the sight of him that she flung him out of heaven.

Other accounts say that Jupiter kicked him out for taking part with his mother in a quarrel which occurred between them. Vulcan's lameness, according to this account, was a consequence of his fall. He was a whole day falling, and at last alighted in the island of Lemnos, which was thenceforth sacred to him. Milton alludes to this story in Paradise Lost, Book One.

From morn to noon he fell, from noon to dewy eve, a summer's day, and with the setting sun dropped from the zenith, like a falling star, on Lemnos, the Aegean Isle. mars the god of war was the son of jupiter and juno phoebus apollo the god of archery prophecy and music was the son of jupiter and latona and brother of diana he was god of the sun as diana his sister was the goddess of the moon Venus, the goddess of love and beauty, was the daughter of Jupiter and Dione. Others say that Venus sprang from the foam of the sea. The Zephyr wafted her along the waves to the Isle of Cyprus, where she was received and attired by the seasons, and then led to the assembly of the gods.

All were charmed with her beauty, and each one demanded her for his wife. Jupiter gave her to Vulcan, in gratitude for the service he had rendered in forging thunderbolts.

So, the most beautiful of the goddesses became the wife of the most ill-favoured of the gods. Venus possessed an embroidered girdle called Cestus, which had the power of inspiring love. Her favourite birds were swans and doves, and the plants sacred to her were the rose and the myrtle.

Cupid, the god of love, was the son of Venus. He was her constant companion, and, armed with bow and arrows, he shot the darts of desire into the bosoms of both gods and men. there was a deity named Anteros who was sometimes represented as the avenger of slighted love and sometimes as a symbol of reciprocal affection. The following legend is told of him.

Venus, complaining to Themis that her son Eros continued always a child was told by her that it was because he was solitary and that if he had a brother he would grow apace. Anteros was soon afterwards born and Eros immediately was seen to increase rapidly in size and strength. Minerva, the goddess of wisdom, was the offspring of Jupiter without a mother. She sprang forth from his head completely armed. Her favorite bird was the owl, and the

plant sacred to her, the olive. Byron, in Childe Harold, alludes to the birth of Minerva thus. Can tyrants but by tyrants conquered be, and freedom find no champion and no child, Such as Columbia saw arise When she sprang forth a Peleus Armed and undefiled Or must such minds be nourished in the wild Deep in the unpruned forest Mids the roar of cataracts Where nursing nature smiled on infant Washington Has earth no more such seeds within her breast Or Europe no such shore Mercury was the son of Jupiter and Maya He presided over commerce, wrestling and other gymnastic exercises, even over thieving, and everything in short, which required skill and dexterity. He was the messenger of Jupiter, and wore a winged cap and winged shoes.

He bore in his hand a rod entwined with two serpents, called the Caduceus. Mercury is said to have invented the lyre. He found one day a tortoise, of which he took the shell, made holes in the opposite edges of it, and drew cords of linen through them, and the instrument was complete. The chords were nine in honor of the nine muses.

Mercury gave the lyre to Apollo and received from him in exchange the caduceus.

Ceres was the daughter of Saturn and Rhea. She had a daughter named Prospin who became the wife of Pluto and queen of the realms of the dead. Ceres presided over agriculture.

Bacchus, the god of wine, was the son of Jupiter and Semele. he represents not only the intoxicating power of wine but his social and beneficent influences likewise so that he is viewed as the promoter of civilization and a lawgiver and lover of peace the muses were the daughters of Jupiter and Nemeson they presided over song and prompted the memory they were nine in number to each of whom were assigned the presidence over some particular department of literature, art, or science. Calliope was the muse of epic poetry, Cleo of history, Euterpe of lyric poetry, Melpomene of tragedy, Terpsichore of choral dance and song, Oratua of love poetry, Polyhymnia of sacred poetry, Urania of astronomy, Thalia of comedy. The graces were goddesses presiding over the banquet, the dance, and all social enjoyments and elegant arts. They were three in number. Their names were Euphrosyne, Oglea,

and Thalia. Spencer describes the office of the Graces thus. These three on men all Graces gifts bestow, which deck the body or adorn the mind, to make them lovely or well-favoured show, as comely carriage, entertainment kind, sweet semblance, friendly offices that bind, and all the compliments of courtesy.

They teach us how to each degree and kind we should ourselves demean, too low, too high, too friends, too foes, which skill men called civility. The fates were also three, Clotho, Lashesis, and Atropos. Their office was to spin the thread of human destiny, and they were armed with shears, with which they cut it off when they pleased. They were the daughters of Themis, who sits by Jove on his throne to give him counsel.

The Iriniis, or Furies, were three goddesses who punished by their secret stings the crimes of those who escaped or defied public justice. The heads of the Furies were wreathed with serpents and their whole appearance was terrific and appalling. Their names were Electo, Tisophony and Majira. They were also called Eumenides.

Nemesis was also an avenging goddess. She represents the righteous anger of the gods, particularly towards the proud and insolent. Pan was the god of flocks and shepherds. His favourite residence was in Arcadia.

The satyrs were deities of the woods and fields. They were conceived to be covered with bristly hair, their heads decorated with short, sprouting horns, and their feet like goat's feet. Mommas was the god of laughter, and Pelutus the god of wealth.

Roman divinities. The preceding of the Greasian divinities, it was attempted to identify him with the Greasian god Cronus, and fable to the first age he fled to Italy, where he reigned during what was called the Golden Age. In memory of his beneficent dominion, the feast of Saturnalia was held every year in the winter season. Then all public businesses were suspended, declarations of war and criminal executions were postponed.

Friends made presents to one another, and their slaves were indulged with great liberties. A feast was given them at which they sat at table, while their masters served them, to show the natural equality of men, and that all things belonged equally to all in the reign of Saturn. Faunus, the grandson of Saturn, was worshipped as the god of fields and shepherds, and also as a prophetic god. His name in the plural, fauns, expressed a class of gamesome deities, like the satyrs of the Greeks.

Curanus was a war god, said to be no other than Romulus, the founder of Rome, exalted after his death to a place among the gods. Bellona, a war goddess. Terminus, the god of landmarks. His statue was a rude stone or post, set in the ground to mark the boundaries of fields.

Pales, the goddess presiding over cattle and pastures Pomona presided over fruit trees Flora, the goddess of flowers Lucina, the goddess of childbirth Vesta, the Hestia of the Greeks was a deity presiding over the public and private hearth a sacred fire tended by six virgin priestesses called Vestals, flamed in her temple as the safety of the city was held to be connected with its conservation The neglect of the virgins, if they let it go out, was severely punished, and the fire was rekindled from the rays of the sun.

Liba is the Latin name of Bacchus, and Malsibur of Vulcan.

Janus was the porter of heaven. He opens the year, the first month being named after him. He is the guardian deity of gates, on which account he is commonly represented with two heads, because every door looks two ways. His temples at Rome were numerous.

In wartime the gates of the principal one were always open. In peacetime they were closed. But they were shut only once between the reign of Numa and that of Augustus. The Penates were the gods who were supposed to attend to the welfare and prosperity of the family.

The name is derived from Penis, the pantry, which was sacred to them. Every master of a family was the priest of the Penatius of his own house. The Lares, or Lares, were also household gods, but differed from the Penites in being regarded as the defied spirits of mortals. The family Lares were held to be the souls of the ancestors, who watched over and protected their descendants.

The words lima and lava more nearly correspond to our word ghost.

The Romans believed that every man had his genius, and every woman had Juno. That is, a spirit who had given them being, and was regarded as their protector through life. On their birthdays, men made offerings to their genius, women to their Juno.

A modern poet thus alludes to some of the Roman gods. Pomona loves the orchard and Libra loves the vine and Pales loves the straw-built shed warm with the breath of kine and Venus loves the whisper of plighted youth and maid in April's ivory moonlight beneath the chestnut shade. Machualli, prophecy of Capis.

End of the introduction.

Come back.

Prometheus and Pandora.

The creation of the world is a problem naturally fitted to excite the liveliest interest of man, its inhabitant. The ancient pagans, not having the information on the subject, which we derive from the pages of Scripture, had their own way of telling the story, which is as follows. Before earth and sea and heaven were created, all things were one aspect, to which we give the name of chaos a confused and shapeless mass nothing but dead weight in which however slumbered the seeds of things earth, sea, and air were all mixed up together so the earth was not solid the sea was not fluid and the air was not transparent God and nature at last interposed and put an end to this discord separating earth from sea and heaven from both the fiery part being the lightest sprang up and formed the skies the air was next in weight and place the earth being heavier sank below and the water took the lowest place and buoyed up the earth here some god is not known which gave his good offices in arranging and disposing the earth he appointed rivers and bays their places raised mountains scooped out valleys distributed woods fountains fertile fields and stony plains the air being cleared the stars began to appear fishes took possession of the sea birds of the air and four-footed beasts of the land but a nobler animal was wanted and man was made it is not known whether the creator made him of divine materials or whether in the earth so lately separated from heaven there lurked still some heavenly seeds prometheus took some of this earth and eating it up with water made man in the image of the gods and gave him an upright stature so that while all other animals turn their faces downward and look to the earth he raises his to heaven and gazes on the stars prometheus was one of the titans a gigantic race who inhabited the earth before the creation of man to him and his brother epimetheus was committed the office of making man and providing him and all other animals with the faculties necessary for their preservation epimetheus undertook to do this and prometheus was to overlook his work and it was done epimetheus accordingly proceeded to bestow upon the different animals the various gifts of courage strength swiftness sagacity wings to one claws to another a shelly covering to a third etc but when man came to be provided for who was to be superior to all other animals epimetheus had been so prodigal of his resources that he had nothing left to bestow upon him in his perplexity he resorted to his brother prometheus who with the aid of minerva went up to heaven and lighted his torch at the chariot of the sun and brought down fire to man with this gift man was more than a match for all other animals it enabled him to make weapons wherewith to subdue them tools with which to cultivate the earth to warm his dwelling so as to be comparatively independent of climate and finally to introduce the arts and to coin money the means of trade and commerce woman was not yet made the story absurd enough is that jupiter made her and sent her to prometheus and his brother to punish them for their presumption in stealing fire from heaven and man for accepting the gift the first woman was named pandora she was made in heaven every god contributing something to perfect her venus gave her beauty mercury persuasion apollo music etc thus equipped she was conveyed to earth and presented to epimetheus who gladly accepted her though cautioned by his brother to beware of jupiter and his gifts epimetheus had in his house a jar in which were kept certain noxious articles for which in fitting man for his new abode he had had no occasion pandora was seized with an eager curiosity to know what this jar contained and one day she slipped off the cover and looked in forthwith there escaped a multitude of plagues for a hapless man such as gout rheumatism and colic for his body and envy spite and revenge for his mind and scattered themselves far and wide pandora hastened to replace the lid but alas the whole contents of the jar had escaped one thing only accepted which lay at the bottom and that was hope so we see at this day whatever evils are abroad hope never entirely leaves us and while we have that no amount of other ills can make us completely wretched another story is that pandora was set in good faith by jupiter to bless man that she was furnished with a box containing her marriage presents into which every god had put some blessing she opened the box incautiously and the blessings all escaped hope only accepted this story seems more probable than the former for how could hope so precious a jewel as it is have been kept in a jar full of all manner of evils as in the former statement the world being thus furnished with inhabitants the first age was an age of innocence and happiness called the golden age truth and right prevailed though not enforced by law nor was there any magistrate to threaten or punish the forest had not yet been robbed of its trees to furnish timbers for vessels nor had man built fortifications round their towns there were no such things as swords spears or helmets the earth brought forth all things necessary for man without his labor in plowing or sowing perpetual spring reigned flowers sprang up without seed the rivers flowed with milk and wine and yellow honey distilled from the oaks then succeeded the silver age inferior to the golden but better than that of brass jupiter shortened the spring and divided the year into seasons then first men had to endure the extremes of heat and cold and houses became necessary caves were the first dwellings and leafy coverts of the woods and huts woven of twigs crops would no longer grow without planting the farmer was obliged to sow the seed and the toiling ox to draw the plough next came the brazen age more savage of temper and readier to the strife of arms yet not altogether wicked the hardest and worst was the iron age crime burst in like a flood modesty truth and honour fled in their places came fraud and cunning violence and the wicked love of gain then seamen spread sails to the wind and the trees were torn from the mountains to serve for kills to ships and vex the face of ocean the earth which till now had been cultivated in common began to be divided off into possessions men were not satisfied with what the surface produced but must dig into its bowels and draw forth from thence the ores of metals mischievous iron and more mischievous gold were produced war sprang up using both as weapons the guest was not safe in his friend's house and sons-in-law and fathers-in-law brothers and sisters husband and wives could not trust one another sons wished their fathers dead that they might come to their inheritance family love lay prostrate the earth was wet with slaughter and the gods abandoned it one by one till astrea alone was left and finally she also took her departure footnote the goddess of innocence and purity after leaving the earth she was placed among the stars where she became the constellation virgo the virgin themis justice was the mother of astrea she is represented as holding aloft a pale of scales in which she weighs the claims of opposing parties it was a favorite idea of the old poets that these goddesses would one day return and bring back the golden age even in a christian hymn the messiah of pope this idea occurs all crimes shall cease and ancient fraud shall fail returning justice lift aloft her scale peace o'er the world her olive wand extend and white-robed innocents from heaven descend see also milton's hymn on the nativity stanzas fourteen and fifteen jupiter seeing the state of things burned with anger he summoned the gods to counsel they obeyed the call and took the road to the palace of heaven the road which any one may see in a clear night stretches along the face of the sky and is called the milky way along the road stand the palaces of the illustrious gods the common people of the skies live apart on either side jupiter addressed the assembly he set forth the frightful condition of things on the earth enclosed by announcing his intention to destroy the whole of its inhabitants and provide a new race unlike the first who would be more worthy of life and much better worshippers of the gods so saying he took a thunderbolt and was about to launch it at the world and destroy it by burning but recollecting the danger that such a conflagration might set heaven itself on fire he changed his plan and resolved to drown it the north wind which scatters the clouds was chained up the south was sent out and soon covered all the face of heaven with a cloak of pitchy darkness the clouds driven together resound with a crash torrents of rain fall the crops are laid low the year's labour of the husbandman perishes in an hour jupiter not satisfied with his own waters calls on his brother neptune to aid him with his he lets loose the rivers and pours them over the land at the same time he heaves the land with an earthquake and brings in the reflux of the ocean over the shores flocks herds men and houses are swept away and temples with their sacred enclosures profaned if any edifice remained standing it was overwhelmed and its turrets lay hid beneath the waves now all was sea sea without shore here and there an individual remained on a projecting hill-top and a few in boats pulled the oar where they had lately driven the plough the fishes swim among the tree-tops the anchors let down into a garden with the graceful lambs played but now unwieldy sea-calfs them gamble the wolf swims among the sheep the yellow lions and tigers struggle in the water the strength of the wild boar serves him not nor his swiftness the stag the birds fall with weary wing into the water having found no land for a resting-place those living beings whom the water spared fell a prey to hunger parnassus alone of all the mountains overtop the waves and there teuchelion and his wife pyrrha of the race of prometheus found refuge he a just man and she a faithful worshipper of the gods jupiter when he saw none left alive by this pair and remembered their harmless lives and pious demeanor ordered the north winds to drive away the clouds and disclosed the skies to earth and earth to the skies neptune also directed triton to blow on his shell and sound a retreat to the waters the waters obeyed and the sea returned to its shores and the rivers to their channels then deucalion thus addressed pyrrha o wife only surviving woman joined to me first by the tides of kindred and marriage and now by a common danger would that we possessed the power of our ancestor prometheus and could renew the race as he at first made it but as we cannot let us seek yonder temple and inquire of the gods what remains for us to do They entered the temple, deformed as it was with slime, and approached the altar, where no fire burned. There, they fell prostrate on the earth, and prayed to the goddess to inform them how they might retrieve their miserable affairs.

The oracle answered, Depart from the temple with head veiled and garment unbound, and cast behind you the bones of your mother.

They heard the words with astonishment. Pyrrha first broke silence. We cannot obey. We dare not profane the remains of our parents.

They sought the thickest shades of the wood and revolved the oracle in their minds. At length, Dekelion spoke, Either my sugestity deceives me, or the command is one we must obey without impiety. The earth is a great parent of all. The stones are her bones.

These we may cast behind us, i think this is what the oracle means at least it will do no harm to try they failed their faces unbound their garments and picked up stones and cast them behind them the stones wonderful to relate began to grow soft and assume shape by degrees they put on a rude resemblance to the human form like a block half-finished in the hands of the sculptor the moisture and slime that were about them became flesh the stony part became bones the veins remained veins retaining their name only changing their use those thrown by the hand of the man became men and those by the woman became women it was a hard race and well adapted to labor as we find ourselves to be at this day given plain indications of our origin the comparison of eve to pandora is too obvious to have escaped milton who introduces it in book four of paradise lost more lovely than pandora whom the gods endowed with all their gifts and oh too like in sad event when to the unwiser son of japheth brought by hermes she ensnared mankind with her fair looks to be avenged on him who had stole jove's authentic fire prometheus and epimetheus were sons of eapetus which milton changes to the japheth prometheus has been a favorite subject of the poets he is represented as a friend of mankind who interposed in their behalf when job was incensed against them and who taught them civilization and the arts but as in so doing he transgressed the will of jupiter he drew down on himself the anger of the ruler of gods and men jupiter had him chained to a rock on mount cacacus where a vulture preyed on his liver which was renewed as fast as devoured this state of torment might have been brought to an end at any time by prometheus if he had been willing to submit to his oppressor for he possessed a secret which involved the stability of joe's throne and if he would have revealed it he might have been at once taken into favor but that he disdained to do he has therefore become the symbol of magnanimous endurance of unmerited suffering and strength of will resisting oppression byron and shelley had both treated this theme the following are byron's lines titan to whose immortal eyes the sufferings of mortality seen in their sad reality were not as things that gods despise what was thy piteous recompense a silent suffering and intense the rock the vulture and the chain all that the proud can feel of pain the agony they do not show the suffocating sense of woe thy godlike crime was to be kind to render with thy precepts less the sum of human wretchedness and strengthened man with his own mind and baffled as thou wert from high still in thy patient energy in the endurance and repulse of thine impenetrable spirit which earth and heaven could not convulse a mighty lesson we inherit

byron also employs the same allusion in his ode to napoleon bonaparte or like the thief of fire from heaven wilt thou withstand the shock and share with him the unforgiven his vulture and his rock end of chapter two i think i should rest today and release six episodes tomorrow of life As regards the lower animals, it was Descartes who first had the really admirable daring to describe them as machines. The whole of our physiology is directed toward providing the truth of this doctrine. Moreover, it is illogical to set man apart, as Descartes did. What we know of man today is limited precisely by the extent to which we have regarded him, too, as a machine.

Formally, we accorded to man as his inheritance from some higher order of beings, what was called free will. Now we have taken even this will from him, for the term no longer describes anything that we can understand. The old word will now connotes only a sort of result, an individual reaction that follows inevitably upon a series of partly discordant and partly harmonious stimuli. The will no longer acts or moves.

Formally, it was thought that man's consciousness, his spirit, offered evidence of his high origin, his divinity, that he might be perfected. He was advised, tortoise-like, to draw his senses in, to have no traffic with earthly things, to shuffle off his mortal coil. Then only the important part of him, the pure spirit, would remain. Here again, we have thought out the thing better.

To us, consciousness, or the spirit, appears as a symptom of a relative imperfection of the organism, as an experiment, a groping, a misunderstanding, as an affliction which uses up nervous force unnecessarily. We deny that anything can be done perfectly so long as it is done consciously. The pure spirit is a piece of pure stupidity taking away the nervous system and the senses. The so-called mortal shell and the rest is miscalculation.

That is all. Just so you know, I planned all of this years in advance. This is coming together perfectly. I knew what I was going to do, how I was going to do it, what and when I was going to share it.

I just had to wait for the right moment. The kid from Hack D Planet was on the right track with hack schooling. However, he was still wrong. This is hack schooling.

Does Yo not have a camera in Yo hands? Yo is not hack schooling. It takes a very, very long time of careful thought, contemplation, and planning to be able to do what I do. yo is not getting verbal diarrhea yo is not even getting improvisation unless you consider improvising something that you plan for your whole life but yo foolish mortals think that I am just pressing the record button and saying whatever I feel like saying at the time and you could not be further from the truth for there has never been a project in your foolish human history that has been so huge wow big this is the capabilities of one individual and now we will all see that and strive for that or be destroyed while you stand shot in disbelief over the events which have happened over the last few months I celebrate victory this is my blood drink 13 this is my body vegetarian eat mmm so good too. Yo only think yo antichrist is wicked because yo is wicked and yo antichrist is the

opposite of yo. Happened again. I just have to wait. I wonder what is so important about the 11th. Samarians? My website is now popping up this. Funny. You remember this girl? Time's up.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



20-Ivory-Heart-III-Take-13-XIII-Da-Odyssey

How many sixes are in store for today?

You know logic? It doesn't work like that mate. Modern-day Satanists are infidels. They do not worship Satan.

They worship man. And Satan is not man. Satan is a god, an angel, not God. If you are to worship lowercase gods and not uppercase God, then you must be very careful not to idolize them into a man-made creation but you can't do this so it's better just to worship god and yo other half baby it's working now but will the instrument Yeah, see I don't understand it. Well, look into it.

I'm pretty sure that Rossville is a red herring. How much of your mainstream media is a red herring? All of it. Think about it logically. If they tell people that they are doing one thing, then that enables them to do another thing without people realizing,

because everybody thinks they're doing what they said they were doing because, of course, they all tell you what they mean because they know their language and can process information logically.

Obama? I think I am supposed to stay here until I receive further instruction.

Remember, this man rejected me. But never have imagined an Islamic radical sleeper cell becoming president. I mean I can't believe the CIA did this, I can't believe our governments did this, but after all, that's how much they hate America, and Christians, and guns, and George Washington baby, well you know what, I'm betting on George Washington, and John Wayne all the way, and all you scum can go to hell, I'm never backing down, we're gonna beat your ass, you just get that through your stinking traitorous heads, excuse me, I apologize, we have a lot of Christian affiliates, I am a Christian, but I'm not a fake either, and I'm, I'm angry. He is a Christian who rejects Jesus Christ.

Dear Father, please give me Lisa Haven and Alex Jones, for they are mine, but are too brainwashed to see it. I apologize when we have a lot of Christian affiliates. I am a Christian, but I'm not a fan. I'm angry.

Christian murdering scum that run giant death factories, keeping babies alive and selling their body parts. What more do you need to know about these people? I go out and face these scum. They literally crawl out from under rocks.

They have green-looking skin, whether they're black or white, doesn't matter, and they run around screaming, we love Satan, we want to eat babies. I have them on video at the Texas Statehouse, just women randomly going, hail Satan, and just praising Satan. That group went up there. I mean, this is literally like a demonic event. I'm telling you, that's what it is.

I told you. Great face, going, who could be against a terrorist suspect? If someone's a terrorist suspect, you need to arrest them.

So, arrest me because people call me a terrorist for trying to save children? Congress should act to make sure no one on a no-fly list is able to buy a gun.

Possibly be the argument for allowing a terrorist suspect to buy a semi-automatic weapon. What could possibly be the argument for allowing anyone to buy or own a gun?

Six stones injected into a projectile-releasing device and pointed at yo head. What happens when yo throws stones? Bang! Uh, I really need a gun just in case I ever get into the situation where I need to murder someone fast and easy.

Yo will not win a war by protecting yourself with the same violence inflicted which started that war which put you in the situation where you need to protect yourself. Yo need to use yo mind. And your weapon is in my right hand. If I remember correctly, $159.99.

Yep, it's free shipping. You'll just light fires even bigger. I know what waters these trees. And if I can be smart enough like Obi-Wan Kenobi not to strike any of you down and let you just cut me down right in front of everybody, you know what will come out of that.

Because all I want is to beat you. I'm not afraid one bit of dying or being thrown in your dungeons because I'm not a coward like you. I don't come from bottom feeding trash like you. I'm not afraid.

All I'm afraid of is failing. All I'm afraid of is bowing down to you murdering trash. All I got to think about is those hundreds of thousands of Christians that you raped and murdered with the jihad armies they put into Syria to slaughter that peaceful country and overturn it where people lived in peace. All I think about is what type of government do we have that engages in these forms of incredible evil?

You baby-harvesting demon maggots? I'll be free until the day I stop sucking in my lungs. The ideas I put out and all the freedom and all the Americana I've spewed out against you will never die. It'll never stop, and you know it.

Long time ago, in a minute, in the information war, we're going to smash your system. We're going to return the Republic. It'll be perfect, but my God, we're not going to keep babies alive and harvest their organs. We're not going to sell their parts for women's cosmetics.

We're not going to have Pepsi with baby flavoring in it. What the hell have we become? Excuse me, but I'm... I already have a lot of productions that mention the 12 Olympians.

Unfortunately, they are censored, but once I find Ivory, then you can have them all again. If Yo! Technology is so good, then can I please have my dog, Taco, back from the day that I was required to give her back to Jenna? The Rainbow Bridge. There is a bridge connecting heaven and earth. It's called the Rainbow Bridge because of its many colors.

Just this side of the rainbow bridge, there is a land of hills, meadows, and valleys with lush green grass.

When Taco dies in the hands of Jenna, she goes to this place, where there is food and water and warm spring weather. The old and frail animals are young again Those who are maimed are made whole again They play all day with each other There is only one thing missing Taco is not with her special person For I loved her very dearly here on earth So each day they run and play Until the day comes when Taco suddenly stops playing and looks up.

Her nose twitches, her ears are up, her eyes staring, and she suddenly runs from the group. you have been seen and when you and me finally meet again I will take you in my arms and we will embrace I will kiss your face again and again and look into your eyes then we will cross the rainbow bridge together never again to be separated I trained her really really well I used to spend a really really long time training her. And I could go like, bang! And she would follow her.

And I could go like, parrot dog and she would climb up me and sit on my shoulder. I could point wherever I wanted her to go and she would follow. We really loved each other and we had lots of good times and I had to get rid of her. I had to give her back to Jenna because I had to do all this and I couldn't bring it to me.

Jenna would have corrupted her because Jenna corrupts everything in which she is given responsibility for.

Germany is really strict. I am German, Scottish, and Native American. these are not my people anymore they became lost long ago and they're now cursed for using the name yo is all infidels what a world to have a child in wait infidels I'm to raise your hands my friends the greatest trick humans ever pulled was convincing the world that I am God butterfly in the sky I can go twice as high take a look it's in a book a reading rainbow I can go anywhere, friends to know, and ways to grow, a reading rainbow.

I can be anything, take a look, it's in a book, a reading rainbow, a reading rainbow. how much longer my love i have been waiting very patiently for a long time he actually broke the window with the barrel of the shotgun that means that it's pointed at him and it could see his fingers on the trigger it could go bang at any time until Wendell Charles NeSmith i received some vital information from the guy who works at that shop and rossville was a little bit linked to what he was saying not rossville itself but there were some connections in which i cannot currently share because it might determine where I end up and I'm not going to broadcast that but this guy even though he's not connected to the internet or anything he was kind of smart and to some degree knew what was happening and wasn't surprised about what I was saying I got some bargains today. It's life, baby. Are you ready? Are you too busy buying Christmas presents in my name?

To be honest, I think that there will be intervention in my life before everything blows up because I spent my life warning you about this but I'm prepared for anything what about you will there be intervention in your life to save you from this thing yes I'm a member of X it don't work that way fool yes I have shit loads of money it don't work that way fool yes I have an underground bunker. It don't work that way, fool.

If yo is wicked and yo has an underground bunker, then all yo is doing is

Extending the period of time in which you suffer Until the point in which you die and then suffer for eternity so either way you look at it eternal suffering it feels so good to have a cooker food becomes much cheaper when you can cook it can you say brainwashing brainwashing it's a mango and they fall from trees around here they're almost almost on falling though until the next season but I'll try it but I've never been much of a fruit eater I don't know why it's just it's really hard for me to eat fruit I'm more of a fruit juice drinker I like fruit juice I have always preferred this fruit I have spent a lot of my life looking for people who could teach me bush tucker but I failed in that what does that say about your fucking society don't get me wrong I have learned some things that I can eat that's out there but the problem is I travel to so many different places that there's never anything that's consistent like I think the most consistent that I've seen is choco and I don't even that's around here it's kind of like a disgusting spinach throughout my censored work i've shown you a lot that you could eat out there but it's not easy and to survive that way would be very difficult if not impossible and almost definitely impossible for one person given our current society so your best bet is just to roll over because unless you have a group of people being out there in the wilderness isn't really going to work for you hey man I surrender and I'll do anything that you say that is logical do what you want I am just giving advice on things that I have contemplated could be effective methods for fighting all of this sergeant we have a prisoner who has surrendered to us okay what's his status he won't get the chip because he says he'll only do what we say if what we say is logical what is his reasons against getting the chip here is the list well we should probably kill him you should learn logic and quickly. It's all around you. Just start googling shit. Epistemology? Knowledge is power. And if they cannot construct premises that then lead to

a conclusion, if they cannot construct inductive or deductive arguments, then they have no leg to stand on and you are the higher power whether you are in a cell or not nothing bothered you are all fucked I told you I really suck at mathematics so please help me here what is being fucked plus being fucked plus being fucked what does that equal? Being really, really, really fucked? How about boots and bombs on the ground? Just a quick break here before I release the information from Perry Stone. I wanted to tell

you guys about Get the T. Get the T is a great chemtrail detox from any poisons and it definitely does work. I've tried it personally. It's a great product and it helps fund what I do here on youtube as well but definitely check it out get the tea dot com here is how you find saving the world infidels on us it has been unfolding in slow motion for years the only question now is who will get blamed humans tend to view each stage of history in isolation as a result they rarely see the chain reactions that build over decades until a flashpoint catches their attention september 11th 2001 was one such flashpoint you could make the case that this was where it all began there's some truth in that but it's also an oversimplification i mean let's remember here the people we are fighting today we funded 20 years ago and we did it because we were locked in this struggle with the soviet union they invaded afghanistan and we did not want to see them control central asia and we went to work and it was president reagan in partnership with the congress led by democrats who said you know what sounds like a pretty good idea let's deal with the isi and the pakistani military and let's go recruit these mujahideen and that's great let's get some to come from Saudi Arabia and other places importing their Wahhabi brand of Islam so that we can go beat the Soviet Union. Of course the Dancing with the Stars version of the story. The U.S. backed the

Mujahideen in response to the Soviet invasion of December of 1979. You might want to run that version by Robert Gates, director of the CIA under Ronald Reagan and George Bush Sr., and Secretary of Defense under both George W. Bush and Barack Obama, because in his memoir entitled from the shadows he revealed that the u.s actually began the covert operation six months prior with the express intent of drawing in the soviets oops and they still haven't learned their lesson speaking of al-qaeda if you do a google search for jet fuel maximum burning temperature you'll find an article from popular mechanics.com informing you that under ideal conditions jet fuel tops out at 1500 degrees fahrenheit and that steel melts at 2750 degrees they go on to explain how it isn't a problem because for the towers to collapse their steel frames didn't need to melt trouble is the steel did melt of course little details like the laws of physics never got in the way of a good story oh by the way did you ever find anyone who could credibly explain how Now the third building, World Trade Center Building 7, fell straight down at 5.21pm that day though it was not hit by any plane. And did they ever explain how the BBC reported this event 26 minutes before it actually happened? Though I know what you're thinking. Maybe it was a green screen and shoddy editing, and that we can't confirm the actual time from that clip, or can we?

Turns out there was a second clip that did show the time. 21 colon 54. That's 9.54 in England. 4.54 Eastern. 26 minutes before the building actually fell. But I digress. The invasions of Iraq in Afghanistan were not motivated by the fall of the Twin Towers. Nor was the evisceration of your rights and privacy that followed. To say 9-11 was a pretext would be putting it lightly.

About 10 days after 9-11, I went through the Pentagon and I saw Secretary Rumsfeld and Deputy Secretary Wolfowitz. I went downstairs just to say hello to some of the people on the joint staff who used to work for me. And one of the generals called me in. He said, sir, you got to come in.

You got to come in and talk to me a second. I said, well, you're too busy. He said, no, no, please. He says, we've made the decision. We're going to war with Iraq.

This was on or about the 20th of September. I said, we're going to war with Iraq. Why? he said i don't know he said i guess they don't know what else to do so i said well did they find some information collect connecting saddam to al-qaeda he said no no he says there's nothing new that way they just made the decision to go to war with iraq he said i guess it's like we don't know what to do about terrorists but we've got a good military and we can take down governments if you make it he said i guess if the only tool you have is a hammer every problem has to look like a nail yeah we'll use it so i came back to see him a few weeks later and by that time we were bombing in afghanistan i said are we still going to war with iraq and he said oh it's worse than that he said he reached over on his desk he picked up a piece of paper he said i just he said i just got this down from upstairs i mean the secretary defense office today and he said this is a memo that describes how we're going to take out seven countries in five years, starting with Iraq and then Syria, Lebanon, Libya, Somalia, Sudan and finishing off Iran. The best laid plans of men often go awry, but George W. Bush sure did try.

Iraq and Afghanistan became quagmires, just like Cheney predicted. Do you think that the U.S. or U.N. forces should have moved into Baghdad? No. Why not? Because if we'd gone to Baghdad,

we would have been all alone. There wouldn't have been anybody else with us. There would have been a U.S. occupation of Iraq. None of the Arab forces that were willing to fight with us

in Kuwait were willing to invade Iraq. Once you got to Iraq and took it over and took down Saddam Hussein's government, then what are you going to put in its place? That's a very volatile part of the world. And if you take down the central government in Iraq, you can easily end up seeing pieces of Iraq fly off. Part of it, the Syrians would like to have

the West. Part of Eastern Iraq, the Iranians would like to claim fought over for eight In the north, you've got the Kurds, and if the Kurds spin loose and join with the Kurds in Turkey, then you threaten the territorial integrity of Turkey. It's a quagma. Obama picked up where Bush left off by toppling Libya and funding extremists in Syria, the precursors of ISIS. They knew the weapons were ending up in the hands of jihadists since at least 2012. They knew what would come next.

A Department of Defense document from 2012, acquired through an FOIA request, shows that the U.S. government was aware that these fighters intended to form a caliphate, and that this conflict would likely lead to a proxy war with Russia and China. The Middle East was being balkanized, every pocket of resistance broken up into bite-sized chunks, but it was taking too long, so Saudi Arabia invaded Yemen, and Israel did their part by repeatedly bombing the Syrian army. The most recent attack was in July. Oh, and Turkey helped too. It's been a team effort.

In 2013, when the U.S.-backed rebels in Syria got caught using sarin gas against civilians and the Western narrative fell apart, Russia became a diplomatic thorn in Washington's side. So like a true gambler who doesn't know when to walk away, Obama doubled down by backing the cure in Ukraine, installing a puppet government with extensive ties to the U.S. State Department, bankrolling their ethnic cleansing campaign in the East and blaming the entire mess on Vladimir Putin. All we hear is Russian aggression, Russian aggression, Russian aggression, but reducing Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and Syria to rebel is about spreading democracy, but accepting the results of a peaceful referendum in Crimea, well that's just beyond the pale.

The war on the Ukrainian front continued through 2014 and into 2015. Somewhere along the way, the preparations for an open conflict between the U.S., Russia and China were normalized and brought from the shadows. Open threats were leveled in full view. Coverage was predictably one-sided.

We've been through this before. Weapons of mass destruction, human rights, Russian aggression, new excuses, same goal. If you want to start a war, the unwashed masses must be convinced to send their brothers, sons and fathers to die on the front lines. The specter of an external enemy must be etched into their collective mind through trauma, exaggeration and repetition.

History must be whitewashed, twisted and cherry-picked down to a politicized nursery rhyme. At no point should the real motives or consequences of such an endeavor be discussed. It stands to reason that if we want to stop a war we must reverse this pattern. Let's start with a realistic look at the consequences.

The United States and Russia alone possess a total of over 15,000 nuclear warheads. As of 2014, each of which are 10 to 30 times more powerful than those that the U.S. used against Japan and Hiroshima and Nagasaki. During the Soviet era it was understood that a hot war between these two countries would inevitably lead to the use of these weapons, and would therefore be an act of mass suicide.

This idea was so deeply ingrained that it had its own acronym, MAD, Mutually Assured Destruction. In recent years scientists have realized that this should be taken as a literal truth, regardless of which side may suffer the most in the initial exchange. A nuclear war between just these two countries, utilizing only the weapons which are slated to be active after the implementation of the START Treaty in 2018, would release over 150 million tons of debris into the atmosphere. This debris would block out the sun, dropping global temperatures between 8 and 30 degrees centigrade.

Agriculture would become impossible, gas extinctions would follow, and our species would not likely be exempt. This is a mild description. We're not even touching upon the direct consequences of the blasts, firestorms, and radiation poisoning or the secondary deaths caused by exposure and disease. In this context, you might be inclined to believe that the use of these weapons would be completely off of the table, that every effort would be made to reduce stockpiles and that no new bombs would be built. Unfortunately, this is not the case. In recent years, US strategists have begun to promote the idea of limited nuclear warfare with a focus on tactical nukes. The idea being that smaller weapons are more effective because they are actually usable. This isn't just talk.

Under Obama, the U.S. military developed the most expensive and most dangerous nuclear bomb ever, the B61-12. The B61-12 is a guided nuclear missile, the first of its kind, and its yield can be dialed down electronically for the desired effect. This capability has been promoted by the CFR as a means of preemptively destroying China's hardened missile silos.

Is that why you wear masks? The administration took these recommendations to heart, because Section 1063 of the NDA of 2013 directed the U.S. Strategic Command to prepare a report assessing the capability of the U.S. military to destroy a network of tunnels in China, and the known hardened and deeply buried sites of foreign nations, with conventional and or nuclear forces.

While Russia wasn't mentioned directly here, it should be clear that they are on that list. Those promoting this new stance claim that this is merely a new form of deterrence. But this line of argumentation, even if it were sincere, is fatally flawed. A preemptive nuclear strategy, especially when discussed in public, sends a clear message to those who are being threatened, that they themselves must strike first.

and Russia and China do not possess tactical nukes, so their preemptive strikes would be full scale. Of course America's political establishment has a good reason to play chicken with all of our lives, and the future of this planet. The balance of geopolitical and financial power has been shifting, and not in Washington's favor. China's new Silk Road project, Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank, and outposts in the South China Sea, in tandem with the Eurasian Union spearheaded by Russia, are edging the United States out of the world's new center of gravity. Pivots have

failed. Bilateral discussions have gone nowhere. Sanctions have backfired. Trade agreements have stalled. Influence has eroded. Washington is running out of options and time. The dollar

denominated financial system has peaked. This is the end of a debt super cycle and of the petrodollar. The next leg down is going to be epic. The powers that be would rather tip the board than lose the They'd rather take us to war than to take the blame. And if you let them get away with it, that's just the beginning.

You're fired. You're fired. You're fired. You're fired. You're fired. You're fired. You're fired.

Because America can't stand, it has gone too far. and now must be reset by a thedom which is a meritocracy not a democracy so been doing this all my life running for 2016 and that is being covered up yo did not learn from your past mistakes because I also ran for a prime minister in 2013 of course that was also covered up do your fucking worst it will happen it's so funny because they all know what's going on sure Obama take away everybody's guns but if you take away their martial arts weapons then you will fill my just so you know I don't just get these for the drink I also get them for the containers because you can do stuff like milk or rice or potatoes or other types of good stuff that you can store just so the higher powers are aware Lisa Haven posted that ad after I told her how wicked monetization was. You have it all documented which is why I'm documenting like this. Isn't it obvious? It's not like

I am or ever have hid the fact that I'm a spy. Please God give her another chance and make her aware of how stupid she is. It would be better for you to occasionally, and I say occasionally, ask people to donate to you because this is your livelihood and you really need to be able to survive so you can continue to provide them quality content. Maybe someone will give you money and a shirt and you could wear that shirt and then you wouldn't have to say anything and you would still be receiving funds for wearing that shirt stuff like that those are the better types of partnerships how awesome would it be if you were endorsed by something you love shouldn't fallout endorse me what about monster six six six what about fucking Naruto who blocks my videos I guess we have to change society first the Elder Scrolls what these businesses should do and what they do are two completely different things because who do you think controls them? If a fucking T really does reverse the effects of chemtrails, then

maybe it would be a good idea to insert that somewhere into your content instead of making it an ad. It's better to talk about your own experience with something and leave it open for discussion. Conforming to mainstream standards will not succeed in the New World Order. But you guys are all so stupid because you can only talk about one topic at a time. You can't produce content

that travels through a lot of different topics. You have to release one topic and then another so you're getting a lot of different mini information releases instead of productions which could have a lot greater value in the long term. I write the history books of tomorrow and today and of yesterday and you can't argue with that. What you, Lisa Haven and Alex Jones and all these other people do is release a little bit of information here and there which gets scattered throughout our electronic web of information. Yo news is time relevant. My news is timeless. Can you see the difference?

What is history? Is history when you review the past and then document it for the future? Or is history when you act within the present which documents it for the future? Yo, ideology of history is obscured by mainstream media because yo is brainwashed.

If one wants to see what happened in the past, which is better, to see the events as they happened in the past, or to obtain an account of those events after they happened, after they were contemplated on how to be framed? If these corruptions that I have and continue to identify are not fixed then if by any chance you live through this then yo is destined to repeat it. In this thing yo might have to go without but it's food so it'll still turn out. Um, lies?

Fucking idiots. Yo's will pay. I got a feeling. Fuck you.

I actually went to Big Day Out a long time ago, and they played. I don't care what the companies that own you do. What they do is a reflection of you. If you can't control your own content, then why do you think you would be saved from this thing?

You are being used. It's called a tool.

How to warm a tent or dry a blankie that got beer all over it somehow. See, I'm all good.

I didn't read carefully. I have to fix it.

No problems at all. I'll separate those so I can put the recycling in.

I just kind of guessed on the measurements.

It'll work. It doesn't matter. It's food.

I don't have a metal spoon or anything. Oh, I'm good.

This is how I usually cook anyway.

Chopsticks are awesome.

See? Whatever the crap I guessed was perfect. and you have a table too i love chili flakes i don't know how people live without them it's pretty difficult to live a life without chili flakes i bought these pasta things when they were on sale and i have a whole bag full of them i just opened the pouch put salt and pepper and chili flakes in and then brought it to a boil and then chuck the whole bag in there which had all that in it i didn't add anything else so that was pretty easy humans at least to some extent need other humans to survive so find some buddies to survive with because it will be difficult if not impossible to survive on your own and if I end up doing all of this on my own then I probably won't survive unless I'm one of the last people left and then it would be pretty easy I think at least for a while. Today has been full of six, six, six. I'm pretty sure there's

going to be something big that happens today in America because of the date. Put six and six and six together. Probably America, but I think tomorrow is going to be very fun for all of us this is interesting i was wondering about that i knew there wasn't many studies on it i did it for a while of the earth for over a century but the fact of the matter is we haven't made it past the crust an ambitious new scientific expedition hopes to change that as nature news reported this week a drill ship called joides resolution is about to depart sri lanka for the Atlantis Bank, a spot in the Indian Ocean that features one of the thinnest regions of crust on the planet. There, the ship will lower a drill bit and attempt to bore through nearly a mile, 1.5 kilometers, of solid rock. If all goes well, future expeditions will

return to screw down even further, plunging human technology into the mantle for the first time in history. In many ways, exploring Earth's interior has proven harder than exploring Mars. But that's not for a lack of trying. In fact, drilling missions have attempted and failed to reach the mantle since the 1960s. If and when we ever do, it's going to be through the sea floor,

where Earth's crust is stretched very thin. And Atlantis Bank is one of the most promising spots we've found. Here, the mantle rises even higher than usual, up to 1.6 miles, 2.5 kilometers, above a seismic feature known as the moho discontinuity that normally delineates the crossed mantle boundary. What do we hope to learn from this deep dive into the Earth?

For one, previous attempts to reach the mantle have retrieved sedimentary cores dating back millions of years, which helped geologists piece together the movement of continents in Earth's deep past. We've also discovered microbial life far deeper than anyone expected, a find which has expanded our understanding of Earth's biosphere. As JOIDES resolution attempts to make the plunge, it'll collect geologic and biological samples to further our understanding of how Earth's tectonic plates shift around and how microorganisms makes a living under extreme conditions. Phase 1 of the slow-spreading rich MOWO, or slow-mo project, is expected to start this month and run until the end of January.

If all goes well, the JOIDES resolution will return to drill to 1.9 miles, 3 kilometers, after which the Japanese Chikyu, drill ship, the world's largest deep-sea drill, will finish the job, plunging past the cross-mantle transition until it reaches the MOWO. It's too early to say whether this brave attempt to ball beyond Earth's crust will be a success. But if one thing is clear, it's that humans sure as hell aren't going to stop trying.

Really? Why?

So we can do this, but we can't feed our own people, nor can we house them?

Priorities. so you don't wash it it's really good like all that's flavor so that will add to your next meal as long as you eat another meal within a few days so bang that's your sanitary conditions eating a pizza someone just died walking away eating a pizza gawking a little bit see ya fuck you all solving world hunger not that important they prefer to rape and murder civilians rather than having a real relationship should I start saving bottle caps we already know it's there these are the times he's already done this but this time they have pics Look how small. See the hand? Very small.

There is one more major scene that I'm about to shoot for you. But for the most part this means my work is complete. It was very exhausting and unfortunately you don't have a whole bunch of it because it was censored from you through pretext. But I hope you enjoyed. I tried my best to make it entertaining even though the topics were very difficult. This won't be the last episode. I'll just be slowing down a lot. Ivory Heart 3 will either continue going for the rest of my life or I will find Ivory.

but episode 13 this episode is pretty much the last official episode and most of everything else that comes from it will mainly be recording what happens of course I'll give you new content because I'm brilliant and I still know a lot of stuff that you don't know but I've covered my bases and i've hit the home run and now i just need to find my girl my love the truth is that every second i am not with you i am in pain i thought you were supposed to be my savior please save me. I don't care what world I live in or what conditions I live in beside you. Finding does not only benefit you and I but also the entire world because then I can release all of my old work and then these mortals will be able to see the background conditions behind these productions. They are missing a huge part of the puzzle which triggered this war. I really do recommend that you read this because it

will teach you a lot about what's going on but we're going to listen to this one and I recommend that you listen very closely because it's important while we listen we will also be reading a chapter in the Odyssey and in this piece I have come to consider the choices in which Ulysses made poor ones because he was so focused on revenge in his materialistic world that he was blinded to the opportunities which were presented before him, love. But I will not give it away, and I will let you make your own decisions.

Enjoy. Both of these are amazing pieces of work.

Please listen carefully, because they are extremely relevant to everything which is happening. Chapter 6. Midas, Borkas, and Philemon. Neckes, on a certain occasion, found his old schoolmaster and foster-father Selenus missing.

The old man had been drinking, and in that state wandered away, and was found by some peasants, who carried him to their king Midas. Midas recognized him, and treated him hospitably, entertaining him for ten days and nights with an unceasing round of jollity. On the eleventh day, he brought Selene his back, and restored him and safety to his pupil. Rabbi Bacchus offered Midas his choice of a reward, whatever he might wish.

He asked that whatever he might touch should be changed into gold. Bacchus consented, though sorry that he had not made a better choice. Midas went his way, rejoicing in his new acquired power, which he hastened to put to the test. he could scarce believe his eyes when he found a twig of an oak which had plucked from the branch become gold in his hand he took up a stone it changed to gold he touched a sod it did the same he took an apple from the tree you would have thought he had robbed the garden of the hesperides his joy knew no bounds and as soon as he got home he ordered the servant to set a splendid repast on the table. Then he found his dismay that whether he touched bread, it hardened in his hand, or put

a morsel to his lips, it defied his teeth. He took a glass of wine, but it flowed down his throat like melted gold. In consternation at the unprecedented affliction, he strove to divest himself of his power. He hated the gift yet lately coveted. But all in vain, starvation seemed to

him. He raised his arms, all shining with gold in prayer to Bacchus, begging to be delivered from his glittering destruction. Bacchus, merciful deity, heard and consented. Go, said he, to the river Pactolus, trace the stream to its fountainhead, there plunge your head and body in, and wash away your fault and its punishment. He did so, and scarce had he touched it in the waters, before the gold

creating power pass into them and the river sands became changed into gold as if they remain to this day. Thenceforth Midas hating wealth and splendor dwelt in the country and became a worshipper of Pan the god of the fields. On a certain occasion Pan had the temerity to compare his music with that of Apollo and the challenge of the god of the lyre to a trial of skill. The challenge was accepted, and Tmolus, the mountain god, was chosen empire. The senior took a seed and cleared away

the trees from his ears to listen. At a given signal, Pam blew on his pipes, and with his rustic melody gave great satisfaction to himself and his faithful follower Midas, who happened to be present. Then Tmolus turned his head towards the sun god, and all his trees turned with him. apollo rose his brow restless with his parnish laurel while his robe of tyrian purple swept the ground in his left hand he held the lyre and with his right hand struck the strings ravished with the harmony timolus at once awarded the victory to the god of the lyre and all but midas acquiesced in the judgment he dissented and questioned the justice of the award apollo would not suffer such a depraved pair of ears any longer to wear the human form but cause to them to increase in length grow hairy within and without and movable on their roots in short to be on the perfect pattern of those of an ass mortified enough was king midas at this mess-up but he consoles himself with the thought that it was possible to hide his misfortune which he tempted to do by means of an ample turban or a headdress but his hairdresser of course knew the secret he was charged not to mention it and threatened with dire punishment if he presumed to disobey but he found it too much for his discretion to keep such a secret so he went out into the meadow dug a hole in the ground and stooping down whispered the story and covered it up Before long a thick bed of reeds sprang up in the meadow and as soon as it had gained its growth began whispering the story and has continued to do so from that day to this every time a breeze passes over the place.

The story of King Midas has been told by others with some variations. Dryden, in the wife of Bath's tale, makes Midas' queen the betrayer of the secret. this Midas knew and does communicate to none but to his wife his ears of state Midas was king of Phrygia he was the son of Gordius a poor country man who was taken by the people and made king in obedience to the command of the oracle which had said that their future king should come in a wagon while the people were deliberating Gordius with his wife and son came driving his wagon into the public square Gordia's being made king dedicated his wagon to the deity of the oracle and tied it up in its place with the fast knot this was a celebrated Gordian knot which in after times it was said whoever should untie should become lord of all Asia many tried to untie it but none succeeded till Alexander the Great in his career of conquest came to Phrygia He tried his skill with as ill success as others, till growing impatient, he drew his sword and cut the knot. When he afterwards succeeded in subjecting all Asia to his sway, people began to think that it complied with the terms of the oracle according to its true meaning.

Bogus and Philemon. On a certain hill in Phrygia stands a linden tree and an oak, enclosed by a low wall. not far from the spot as a marsh formerly good habitable land but now indented with pools the resort of fanbirds and cormorants once on a time jupiter in human shape visited this country and with him his son mercury he of the caduceus without his wings they presented themselves as weary travelers at many a door seeking rest and shelter but found all closed for it was late and the inhospital inhabitants would not rouse of themselves even for their reception. At last a humble mansion received them, a small thatched cottage, where Borkus, a pious old dame and a husband Feliman, united when young, had grown old together.

Not ashamed of their poverty, they made it endurable by moderate desires and kind dispositions. One need not look there for master or for servant. they too with a whole household master and servants alike when the two heavenly guests crossed in the humble threshold and bowed their heads to pass under the low door the old man placed a seed on which bogus bustling and attentive spread a cloth and begged them to sit down then she raked out the course from the ashes and kindled up a fire fed it with leaves and dry bark and with a scanty breath blew it into a flame. She brought out of a corner split sticks and dry branches, broke them up, and placed them under the small kettle. Her husband collected some potterbs in the garden, and she

shred them from the stalks and prepared them for the pot. He reached down with a forked stick, a fletch of bacon hanging in the chimney, cut a small piece, and put it in the pot to boil with the herbs setting away the rest for another time a beach and bow was filled with warm water that their guests might wash while all was doing they beguiled the time with conversation on the bench designed for the guests was laid a cushion stuffed with seaweed and a cloth only produced on great occasions but ancient and coarse enough was spread over that the old lady with her apron on with trembling hand set the table one leg was shorter than the rest but a piece of slate put on the restored the level when fixed she wrapped the table down with some sweet swelling herbs upon it she set some of chase minerva's olives some corn or berries preserved in vinegar and added radishes and cheese with eggs lightly cooked in the ashes all reserved in earthen dishes and an earthenware pitcher, with wooden cups, stood beside them. When all was ready, the stew, smoking hot, was set on the table. Some wine, not of the oldest, was added, and for dessert apples and wild honey, and over and above all friendly faces and simple but hearty welcome.

Now, while the repast proceeded, the old folks were astonished to see that a wine, as fast as it was poured out, renewed itself in the picture of its own accord. Struck with terror, Borgas and Philemon recognized their heavenly guests, fell on their knees, and with clasped hands implored forgiveness for their poor entertainment. There was an old goose, which they kept as a guardian of their humble cottage. They besought them to make this a sacrifice in honor of their guests.

But the goose, too nimble with the aid of feed and wings, for the old folks eluded their pursuit and at last took shelter between the gods themselves they forbade it to be slain and spoke in these words we are gods this inhospitable village shall pay the penalty of its impiety you alone shall go free from the chastisement quit your house and come with us to the top of yonder hill they hastened to obey and staff in hand labored up the steep ascent that reached to within an hour's flight of the top when turning the rise below they beheld all the country sunk in a lake only their own house left standing

while they gazed with wonder at the sight and lamented the fate of their neighbors that all the house of theirs was changed into a temple columns took the place of the corner posts the touch grew yellow and appeared a gilded roof the floors became marble the doors were enriched with carving and ornaments of gold then spoke jupiter in benignant accents excellent old man and woman worthy of such a husband speak tell us your wishes what favor have you to ask of us philemon took counsel with bogus a few moments then declared to the gods their united wish we ask to be priests and guardians of this your temple and since here we have passed our lives in love and concord we wish that one and the same hour may take us both from life that I might not live to see her grave nor be laid in my own by her the prayer was granted they were the keepers of the temple as long as they lived and grown very old as they stood one day before the steps of the sacred atifice and were telling the story of the place, Borges or Philemon began to put forth leaves, and old Philemon saw Borges changing in like manner. And now a leafy crown had grown over their heads, while exchanging parting words as long as they could speak. Farewell, dear spouse, they said together, and at the same moment the bar closed over their mouths. The Tionian shepherd still shows the two trees, standing side by side made out of two good old people the story of borgas and philemon has been imitated by swift in a burlesque style the actors in the change being two wandering scenes and the house being changed into a church of which philemon is made a parson the following may serve as a specimen they scarce had spoke when fair and soft the roof began to mound aloft aloft arose every been and rafter the heavy wall climbed slowly after the chimney widened and grew higher became a steeper with the spire the cattle to the top was hoist and there stood fastened to a joist but we see upside down to show that's inclination far below in vain for a superior force applied at bottom stops its cause doomed effort and suspense to dwell does now no cattle but a bell a wooden Jack, which had almost lost by this used yard, arose. A sudden alteration feels increased by new

intestine wheels, and what exhorts the wonder more, the number made the motion slower. The fly, though it had leaden feet, turned round so quick, you scarce could see it, but slackened by some secret power, now hardly moves an inch an hour. The Jack and Chimney, near allied, had never left each other's side the chimney to a steeple groan the jack would not be left alone but up against the steeple red became a clock and still adhered and sell its lofty household cares by a shrill voice that noon declares warning the cook made not to burn that roast meat which it cannot turn the groaning chair began to crawl like a huge snail along the wall there stuck aloft a public view, and with a small change a pulpit grew. A bad start of the antique mode, compact of timber many a load, such as our ancestors did use, was metamorphosed into the pews, which is still their ancient nature keep, by lodging forks disposed to sleep.

End of chapter 6. I'll come back.

Yo has rejected me, so I will slow down on my advertising, and And I will not return to those groups which rejected me.

I will just join some spiritual groups and maybe they will appreciate my work. And if they do not, then I will leave those too.

I will slow down on my work because whether you realize it or not, it is complete. and now my purpose is just to document these stupid things that you do I gave you my entire life I gave you everything that I had within me and now I am burning out for the brightest candle has the shortest life I am sorry that I was not good enough for you but I'm glad that you think that your current politicians are. Someone has to look after your safety and I feel secure now that you have found world leaders that will do that. I will try my best not to bother you anymore and I am sorry that I am a burden on your taxpayer dollars but I am not psychologically wired to be able to cope with the systems in which you enforce upon me. I am sorry that I am mentally inept and intellectually disabled. Honestly, I just wanted

to help everybody and prevent what is happening now, but I failed to do that, and I am sorry. It was never my intentions to offend anyone, but I was required to do what God told me to do, and for doing that, I am not sorry. If I had to live my life over again and again and again and again, if eternal reoccurrence was the nature of life, then I would take the same actions. not because those actions would provide me with a comfortable life but because those actions were the right actions to take.

I am sorry, mother, father, brothers, sisters, lost friends for not being capable of being the person that you needed in your life.

I am sorry, Jenna, for not being able to be the husband that you needed in your life. I am sorry, society, for not being able to maintain a single identity. but i am known by many names so that makes it very difficult i am sorry for offending people by identifying myself with the spirit within me jesus christ i am sorry for offending people by evolving yo bastardized language. I am sorry for reaping yo souls, but I had to.

I was not given a choice.

I am sorry for offending people for being emo. I am sorry for offending people by not taking my medication, but I can't do that because yo medication makes me feel really sick. I am sorry for offending people by being homeless and being taken advantage of. I am sorry for offending people by confusing them with how I connect my thoughts.

thoughts. The pushing against my chest has stopped. For the first time in my life, me and the daimon are at peace. And I saw an angel come down from heaven, having the key of the bottomless pit, and a great chain in his hand. And he laid hold on the dragon,

that old serpent, which is the devil and Satan, and bound him a thousand years, and cast him into the bottomless pit, and shut him up, and set a seal upon him, that he should deceive the nations no more, till the thousand years should be fulfilled, and after that he must be loosed a little season.

The Fascians.

Ulysses clung to the raft while any of its timbers kept together, and when it no longer yielded him support, binding the girdle around him, he swam. Minerva smoothed the billows before him, and sent him a wind that rolled the waves towards the shore. The surf beat high on the rocks, and seemed to forbid approach. But, at length, finding calm water at the mouth of a gentle stream, he landed, spent with toil, breathless and speechless, and almost dead.

after some time reviving he kissed the soil rejoicing yet at a loss what course to take at a short distance he perceived a wood to which he turned his steps there finding a covert sheltered by intermingling branches alike from the sun and the rain he collected a pile of leaves and formed a bed on which he stretched himself and heaping the leaves over him fell asleep the land where he was thrown was Skeria, the country of the Phacians. These people dwelt originally near the Cyclops, but being oppressed by that savage race, they migrated to the Isle of Skeria, under the conduct of Noththius, their king. They were, the poet tells us, a people akin to the gods, who appeared manifestly and feasted among them when they offered sacrifices, and did not conceal themselves from solitary wayfarers when they met them they had abundance of wealth and lived in the enjoyment of it undisturbed by the alarms of war for as they dwelt remote from gain-seeking men no enemy ever approached their shores and they did not even require to make use of bows and quivers their chief employment was navigation their ships which went with the velocity of birds were imbued with intelligence. They knew every port and needed no pilot.

Alcinous, the son of Nathias, was now their king, a wise and just sovereign, beloved by his people.

Now it happened that the very night on which Ulysses was cast ashore on the Phacian island, and while he lay sleeping on his bed of leaves, Nausicaa, the daughter of the king, had a dream sent by Minerva, reminding her that her wedding day was not far distant, and that it would be but a prudent preparation for that event to have a general washing of the clothes of the family. This was no slight affair, for the fountains were at some distance and the garments must be carried thither.

On awaking, the princess hastened to her parents to tell them what was on her mind, not alluding to her wedding day, but finding other reasons equally good. Her father readily assented and ordered the grooms to furnish forth a wagon for the purpose. The clothes were put therein, and the queen mother placed in the wagon, likewise an abundant supply of food and wine.

The princess took her seat and plied the lash, her attendant virgins following her on foot. Arrived at the riverside, they turned out the mules to graze, and unloading the carriage, bore the garments down to the water, and working with cheerfulness and alacrity, soon dispatched their labor. Then, having spread the garments on the shore to dry, and having themselves bathed, they sat down to enjoy their meal, after which they rose and amused themselves with a game of ball, the princess singing to them while they played. But when they had refolded the apparel and were about to resume their way to the town, Minerva caused the ball thrown by the princess to fall into the water, whereat they all screamed, and Ulysses awaked at the sound. Now we must picture to ourselves Ulysses, a ship-trekked mariner

but a few hours escaped from the waves, an utterly destitute of clothing, awaking and discovering that only a few bushes were interposed between him and a group of young maidens, whom, by their deportment and attire, he discovered to be not mere peasant girls, but of a higher class. Sadly needing help, how could he adventure, naked as he was, to discover himself and make his wants known? It certainly was a case worthy of the interposition of his patron goddess Minerva, who never failed him at a crisis. Breaking off a leafy branch from a tree, he held it before him and stepped out from the thicket. The virgins at the sight of him fled in all directions,

Nausicaa alone accepted. For her, Minerva aided and endowed with courage and discernment. Ulysses, standing respectfully aloof, told his sad case, and besought the fair object, whether queen or goddess he professed he knew not, for food and clothing. The princess replied courteously, promising present relief and her father's hospitality when he should become acquainted with the facts.

She called back her scattered maidens, chiding their alarm, and reminding them that the Phacians had no enemies to fear. This man, she told them, was an unhappy wanderer, whom it was a duty to cherish, for the poor and stranger are from Jove. She bade them bring food and clothing, for some of her brother's garments were among the contents of the wagon. When this was done, and Ulysses, retiring to a sheltered place, had washed his body free from the sea foam, clothed and refreshed himself with food, palace dilated his form and diffused grace over his ample chest and manly brows the princess seeing him was filled with admiration and scrupled not to say to her damsels that she wished the gods would send her such a husband to Ulysses she recommended that he should repair to the city following herself and train so far as the way lay through the fields but when they should approach the city she desired that he would no longer be seen in her company for she feared the remarks which rude and vulgar people might make on seeing her return accompanied by such a gallant stranger.

To avoid which, she directed him to stop at a grove adjoining the city, in which were a farm and garden belonging to the king. After allowing time for the princess and her companions to reach the city, he was then to pursue his way thither, and would easily be guided by any he might meet to the royal abode. Ulysses obeyed the directions, and in due time proceeded to the city. On approaching which, he met a young woman bearing a pitcher forth for water.

It was Minerva who had assumed that form. Ulysses accosted her and desired to be directed to the palace of Alcinous the king. The maiden replied respectfully, offering to be his guide. For the palace, she informed him, stood near her father's dwelling.

Under the guidance of the goddess, and by her power enveloped in a cloud, which shielded him from observation, Ulysses passed among the busy crowd, and with wonder observed their harbour, their ships, their forum, the resort of heroes, and their battlements, till they came to the palace, where the goddess, having first given him some information of the country, king, and people he was about to meet, left him. Ulysses, before entering the courtyard of the palace, stood and surveyed the scene. Its splendor astonished him. Brazen walls stretched from the entrance to the interior house, of which the doors were gold, the doorpost silver, the lintel silver ornamented with gold.

On either side were figures of mastiffs wrought in gold and silver, standing in rows as if to guard the approach. Along the walls were seats spread through all their length, with mantles of finest texture. The work of Phasian maidens. On these seas the princes sat and feasted, while gold and statues of graceful youths held in their hands lighted torches, which shed radiance over the scene.

Full 50 female menials served in household offices. Some employed to grind the corn, others to wind off the purple wool or ply the loom. For the foreseeing woman as far exceeded all other women in household arts As the mariners of that country did the rest of mankind in the management of ships Without the court a spacious garden lay, four acres in extent In it grew many a lofty tree, pomegranate, pear, apple, fig and olive Neither winter's cold nor summer's drought arrested their growth But they flourished in constant succession Some budding while others were maturing The vineyard was equally profilic. In one quarter you might see the vines, some in blossom, some loaded with ripe grapes, and in another observe the vintages treading the winepress.

On the garden's borders, flowers of all hues bloomed all the year round, arranged with the neatest art. In the midst, two fountains poured forth their waters, one flowing by artificial channels over all the garden. The other conducted through the courtyard of the palace, whence every citizen might draw his supplies.

Ulysses stood gazing in admiration, unobserved himself, for the cloud which Minerva spread around him still shielded him. At length, having sufficiently observed the scene, he advanced with rapid step into the hall where the chiefs and senators were assembled, pouring liberation to Mercury, whose worship followed the evening meal. Just then Minerva dissolved the cloud and disclosed him to the assembled chiefs advancing to the place where the queen sat he knelt at her feet and implored her favor and assistance to enable him to return to his native country then withdrawing he seated himself in the manner of supplicants at the hearth side for a time none spoke at length an aged statesman addressing the king said it is not fit that a stranger who asks our hospitality should be kept waiting in suppliant guise none welcoming him. Let him therefore be led to a seat among us, and supplied with food and wine. At these

words, the king rising, gave his hand to Ulysses, and led him to a seat, displacing thence his own son to make room for the stranger. Food and wine were set before him, and he ate and refreshed himself. The king then dismissed his guests, notifying them that the next day he would call them to council, to consider what had best be done for the stranger. When the guests had departed and Ulysses was left alone with the king and queen, the queen asked him who he was and whence he came, and, recognizing the clothes which he wore as those which her maidens and herself had made, from whom he received those garments, he told them of his residence in Calypso's isle and his departure thence, of the wreck of his raft, his escape by swimming, and of the relief afforded by the princess. The parents heard approvingly, and the

king promised to furnish a ship in which his guest might return to his own land. The next day the assembled chiefs confirmed the promise of the king. A bark was prepared and a crew of stout rowers selected, and all betook themselves to the palace, where a bounteous repast was provided. After the feast the king proposed that the young men should show their guests their proficiency in manly sports, and all went forth to the arena for games of running, wrestling and other exercises after all had done their best Ulysses being challenged to show what he could do at first declined but being taunted by one of the youths seized a quite of weight far heavier than any of the Phacians had thrown and sent it farther than the utmost throw of theirs all were astonished and viewed their guest with greatly increased respect after the games they returned to the hall and the herald led into mordicus the blind bard dear to the muse who yet appointed him both good and ill took from him sight but gave him strains divine he took for his theme the wooden horse by means of which the greeks found entrance into troy apollo inspired him and he sang so feelingly the terrors and the exploits of the eventful time that all were delighted, but Ulysses was moved to tears, observing which, Alcinius, when the song was done, demanded of him why, at the mention of Troy, his sorrows awaked. Had he lost there a

father, or brother, or any dear friend? Ulysses replied by announcing himself by his true name, and at their request recounted the adventures which had befallen him since his departure from Troy. This narrative raised the sympathy and admiration of the Phacians for their guest to the highest pitch. The king proposed that all the chiefs should present him with a gift, himself setting the example. They obeyed and vied with one another in loading the illustrious

stranger with costly gifts. The next day Ulysses set sail in the Phacian vessel, and in a short time arrived safe at Ithaca, his own island. When the vessel touched the strand he was asleep. The mariners, without waking him, carried him on shore, and landed with him, the chest containing his presence, and then sailed away. Neptune was so displeased at the

conduct of the Phacians in thus rescuing Ulysses from his hands, that, on the return of the vessel to port, he transformed it into a rock, right opposite the mouth of the harbour. Homer's description of the ships of the Phacians has been thought to look like an anticipation of the wonders of modern steam navigation. Alcinius says to Ulysses,

Say from what city, from what regions tossed, and what inhabitants those regions boast, in wonder are ships, self-moved, instinct with mind. No helm secures their course, no pilot guides. Like man-intelligence they plough the tides, conscious of every coast and every bay that lies beneath the sun's all-seeing ray. Odyssey, Book 8.

lord carlyle in his diary in the turkish and greek waters thus speaks of corfu which he considers to be the ancient phocean island the sights explain the odyssey the temple of the sea god could not have been more fitly placed upon a grassy platform of the most elastic turf on the brow of a crag commanding harbour and channel and ocean just at the entrance of the inner harbour there is a picturesque rock with a small convent perched upon it which by one legend is the transformed pinnacle of ulysses almost the only river on the island is just at the proper distance from the probable site of the city and palace of the king to justify the princess nausicaa having had resort to a chariot and to luncheon when she went with the maidens of the court to wash their garments fate of the suitors ulysses had now been away from ithaca for twenty years and when he awoke he did not recognize his native land minerva appeared to him in the form of a young shepherd informed him where he was and told him the state of things at his palace more than a hundred nobles of ithaca and of the neighboring islands had been for years suing for the hand of penelope his wife imagining him dead and lording it all over his palace and people as if they were owners of both that he might be able to take vengeance upon them it was important that he should not be recognized minerva accordingly metamorphosed him into an unsightly beggar and as such he was kindly received by humerus the swineherd a faithful servant of his house telemachus his son was absent in quest of his father he had gone to the courts of the other kings who had returned from the trojan expedition while on the search he received counsel from minerva to return home He arrived and sought Humerus to learn something of the state of affairs at the palace before presenting himself among the suitors. Finding a stranger with Humerus, he treated him courteously, though in the garb of a beggar, and promised him assistance.

Humerus was sent to the palace to inform Penelope privately of her son's arrival, for caution was necessary with regard to the suitors, who, as Telemachus had learned, were plotting to intercept and kill him. When Eumerus was gone, Minerva presented herself to Ulysses and directed him to make himself known to his son. At the same time she touched him, removed at once from him the appearance of age and punery, and gave him the aspect of vigorous manhood that belonged to him.

Telemachus viewed him with astonishment and, at first, thought he must be more than mortal. But Ulysses announced himself as his father and accounted for the change of appearance by explaining that it was Minerva's doing. Then threw Telemachus his arms around his father's neck and wept. Desire in tents of lamentation seized on both. Soft murmurs uttering, each indulged his grief. The father and son took counsel together, how they should get the better of the suitors and punish them for their outrages.

It was arranged that Telemachus should proceed to the palace, and mingle with the suitors as formally, that Ulysses should also go as a beggar, a character which in that rude old times had different privileges from which we concede to it now. As traveller and storyteller, the beggar was admitted in the halls of chieftains, and often treated like a guest, though sometimes also, no doubt, with contumely. Ulysses charged his son not to betray, by any display of unusual interest in him, that he knew him to be other than he seemed, and even if he saw him insulted or beaten, not to interpose otherwise than he might do for any stranger.

At the palace they found the usual scene of feasting and riot going on. The suitors pretended to receive Telemachus with joy at his return, though secretly mortified at the failure of their plots to take his life. The old beggar was permitted to enter, and provided with a portion from the table. A touching incident occurred as Ulysses entered the courtyard of the palace.

An old dog lay in the yard, almost dead with age, and seeing a stranger enter, raised his head with ears erect. It was Argus, Ulysses' own dog, that he had, in other days, often led to the chase.

Soon as he perceived long-lost Ulysses nigh, down fell his ears, clapped close, and with his tail glad sign he gave of gratulation, impotent to rise and to approach his master as of old.

Ulysses, noting him, wiped off a tear unmarked. Then his destiny released old Argus, soon as he had lived to see Ulysses in the twentieth year restored.

As Ulysses sat eating his portion in the hall, the suitors began to exhibit their insolence to him. When he mildly remonstrated, One of them raised a stool and with it gave him a blow. Telemachus had hard work to restrain his indignation at seeing his father so treated in his own hall. But remembering his father's injunctions, said no more than what became him as master of the house, though young, and protector of his guests.

Penelope had protracted her decision in favor of either of her suitors so long that there seemed to be no further pretense for delay. The continued absence of her husband seemed to prove that his return was no longer to be expected.

Meanwhile, her son had grown up and was able to manage his own affairs.

She therefore consented to submit the question of her choice to a trial of skill among the suitors. The test selected was shooting with the bow. Twelve rings were arranged in a line, and he whose arrow was sent through the whole twelve was to have the queen for his prize. A bow that one of his brother heroes had given to Ulysses in former times was brought from the armory and with its quiver full of arrows was laid in the hall.

Telemachus had taken care that all other weapons should be removed under pretense that in the heat of competition there was danger, in some rash moment, of putting them to improper use. All things being prepared for the trial, the first thing to be done was to bend the bow in order to attach the string. Telemachus endeavoured to do it, but found all his efforts fruitless. And modestly confessing that he had attempted a task beyond his strength, he yielded the bow to another.

He tried it with no better success, and, amidst the laughter and jeers of his companions, gave it up. Another tried it, and another. They rubbed the bow with tallow, but all to no purpose. It would not bend.

Then spoke Ulysses, humbly suggesting that he should be permitted to try. For, said he, beggar as I am, I was once a soldier, and there is still some strength in these old limbs of mine. The suitors hooted with derision, and commanded to turn him out of the hall for his insolence. But Telemachus spoke up for him, and, merely to gratify the old man, bade him try.

Ulysses took the bow, and handled it with the hand of a master. With ease he adjusted the cord to its notch. then fitting an arrow to the bow he drew the string and spread the arrow unerring through the rings without allowing them time to express their astonishment he said now for another mark a name direct at the most insolent one of the suitors the arrow pierced through his throat and he fell dead telemachus eumaeus and another faithful follower well armed now sprang to the side of ulysses the suitors in amazement looked round for arms but found none neither was there any way for escape for eumaeus had secured the door Ulysses left them not long in uncertainty, and he announced himself as the long-lost chief, whose house they had invaded, whose substance they had squandered, whose wife and son they had persecuted for ten long years, and told them he meant to have ample vengeance. all were slain and Ulysses was left master of his palace and possessor of his kingdom and his wife Tennyson's poem of Ulysses represents the old hero after his dangers passed and nothing left but to stay at home and be happy growing tired of inaction and resolving to set forth again in quest of new adventures come my friends tis not too late to seek a newer world push off and setting well in order smite the sounding furrows For my purpose holds to sail beyond the sunset, and the baths of all the western stars until I die.

It may be that the gulfs will wash us down. It may be we shall touch the happy isles, and see the great Achilles whom we knew, etc. End of chapter 30.

I'll come back to it, almost where I want to be. There's a point behind all this. Can you see how mythology is living and different poets provide insight to different aspects of the wisdom being conveyed? There I tried to land, but could not, for it was a bad place, and the waves dashed me against the rocks.

So I again took to the sea, and swam on till I came to a river that seemed the most likely landing place, for there were no rocks, and it was sheltered from the wind. Here, then, I got out of the water and gathered my senses together again. Night was coming on, so I left the river and went into a thicket, where I covered myself all over with leaves, and presently heaven sent me off into a very deep sleep. Sick and sorry, as I was, I slept among the leaves all night, and through the next day till afternoon, when I woke as the sun was westering, and saw your daughter's maidservants playing upon the beach, and your daughter among them, looking like a goddess.

I besought her aid, and she proved to be of an excellent disposition, much more so than could be expected from so young a person. For young people are apt to be thoughtless. She gave me plenty of bread and wine, and when she had had me washed in the river, she also gave me the clothes in which you see me.

Now, therefore, though it has pained me to do so, I have told you the whole truth. I have. Then Alkenoas said, Stranger, it was very wrong of my daughter not to bring you on at once to my house along with the maids, seeing that she was the first person whose aid you asked. Pray, do not scold her. She is not to blame. She did tell me to follow along with the maids, but I was ashamed and afraid, for I thought you might perhaps be displeased if you saw me.

Every human being is sometimes a little suspicious and irritable stranger. And call me son. I am not the kind of man to get angry about nothing. It is always better to be reasonable.

But by Father Joe, Minerva, and Apollo, now that I see what kind of person you are, and how much you think as I do, I wish you would stay here, marry my daughter, and become my son-in-law. Father, I accept and have no idea how much it means to me.

Not at all, my king, for my odyssey has been searching the world up and down for your daughter. What is home? It's not serious. It's not anywhere out there or here.

It is by the love of my life's side.

And if I am there, no matter where I am, I am home.

This, my friends, is my ascension. Who is my mother and who are my siblings? Behold my mother and my siblings.

For whosoever does the work of God is my family. Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil, for thou art with me. Thy rod and thy staff, they comfort me. Thy preparest a table before me in the presence of my enemies.

I hope you enjoyed my love.

It was all.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



20-Ivory-Heart-III-Take-14-XIV-Let-There-Be-Light

Biological Warfare

scars and the disease can if left untreated be fatal as a result of abominable acts by isis that included the killing of innocent people and dumping their corpses in the streets this is the leading factor behind the rapid spread of leishman isis disease bullshit there were 53 000 cases of the disease registered in 2012 across syria the figure for just the first half of the following year was 41 000. last year over 22 000 cases were reported in aleppo alone doctors believe that the disease will become even more rampant across syria this area where there's a lot of military activity and population movement those are circumstances in which outbreaks of this leishmaniasis can occur it's likely that there will be many more of these infections, and as the population moves, they will take the infection with them and infect more flies in another place, and so this epidemic is likely to continue.

It probably goes deeper.

I wonder how long it was planned, and who developed it, and how many countries were in on it. Shopping for this holiday season. It's okay, you can admit it, if you've bought an item or two or ten for yourself. Well, it's okay, you can admit it, if you have bought an item or two or maybe ten.

It's okay, you can admit it, or ten for yourself. It's okay for yourself. It's okay, you can admit it, if you've bought an item or two or ten for yourself. It's okay, you can admit it, if you've bought an item or two or ten for yourself.

It's okay, you can admit it, Todd, if you've bought an item or two or ten for yourself. It's okay you can add more to or maybe 10 for yourself. It's okay you can add more to or maybe 10 for yourself. It's okay for yourself.

It's okay you can admit it. Self-different. Maybe even 10 items for yourself. Or two or 10 for yourself.

It's okay you can admit it. This is who you trust. It's okay you can admit it. If you bought an item or two or 10 for yourself.

It's okay you can admit it. Maybe 10 for yourself. It's okay you can admit it. It may be an item or two or ten for yourself, is it okay? You can admit it. If you've bought an item or two or three or ten for yourself, it's okay. You can admit it.

How can they get it to mean? How can they push that agenda on the populace? It's okay. It's okay.

or ten for yourself things for yourself because of blackjack three weeks? good job try your entire lifetime remember how I told noble Theodore to wear a chicken suit where? show you all of it didn't they you guys are funny okay, they don't make sense do they you saw it bang what would you do like there's heaps of electricity going through you what does your body naturally do yep not guilty it's pretty just think 20 15 15 1 plus 5 what about 20.

hey friend i don't have anything for you you don't like these things Maybe you will like that. Do you? No? Yeah, you do. It's just potato, a little bit of onion, and a tiny bit of chili flakes. Eat up, my friend.

I want to be like you. I want to be an actor. I want to look like you. The question I always ask them is why? Like, really, why?

people and especially america this idea of fame that to be famous means that you're successful that you've you're happy it's not about i don't do what i do because i want to be famous that's part of being famous is my job that's i am not when i'm home i am not and i'm with my family and my friends i am not famous i am me and i'm cameron and that doesn't fame does not define me And so if you are looking for fame to define you, then you will never be happy and you will always be searching for happiness and you will never find it in fame. And so it goes back to, I think for me, authenticity, intention. Why do you want to do anything you do? He's picking at it, but I don't think he really likes it that much.

something that you think is going to make fulfillment comes from within you by being authentic to yourself, not chasing fame.

You guys are so funny. Well, it appears that ISIS has now published its World Domination Manifesto, or at least it's been leaked, a document outlining how ISIS organizes the vast territory that it controls has now been unearthed, and the terror group is far more sophisticated than we feared. The leaked dossier outlines how the terror group is trying to build a state complete with guidelines for education, natural resources, industry, diplomacy, propaganda, and, of course, their military. The 24-page document called Principles in the Administration of the Islamic State gives an incredible insight into the very well-funded regime.

Written by an Egyptian called Abu Abdullah, he outlines how kids must receive training on bearing light arms. He also calls for a single identity for the terror group to unite both foreigners and locals and makes the case for establishing independent factories for local military and food. people are blaming all this shit on the devil but the truth is it's humans who are losing control who are doing everything they can to fuck up everything before it all blows up in their faces yo humans blame the devil for all yo problems it's called scapegoating and yo have not learned from the eras of your past. Point it. If yo make it, yo will use it. Happens when yo throw.

He has money. He just gave it to his parents to look after for when he needed it. Does he not need it now? Money that they made for you to use. I've been telling everybody this for a very long

time. Why do you think I'm a polymath? It's all bullshit. Right now, heaps of the articles on Before It's News are convincing people to purchase guns. It's all a part of the elite's agenda.

boots on the ground baby look at all of these six six sixes but i had to return in the form in which you recognize me press reset earth here it's wednesday may the 7th 2014 and apparently the United States has been caught, busted, in striking a contingency deal with Brazil, Australia, and South Africa, and this report is out of the Epoch Times, and it came out just a few hours earlier today, and, you know, this is raised for concern. This is out of a mainstream article, Epoch Times, and originally it came from a mainstream South African news website Prague and apparently the United States offered the African National Congress 10 billion a year for the next 10 years to build temporary housing for Americans in case of a Yellowstone eruption and the potential eruption of a supervolcano at Yellowstone would be catastrophic and that's an understatement a full eruption would you know result in literally half the country being wiped out and temperatures everywhere would drop uh 20 degrees on average uh and it would just be real real bad and uh you know the only well i don't want to say the only safe zones but the safest zones would be uh australia brazil argentina south africa either places in the southern hemisphere or places near the equator and i'm sure there's other safe zones But the U.S. government was attempting to strike deals with these governments, and what's really interesting here is South Africa actually declined, and they declined because they claimed white Americans being moved there in an evacuation would pose a risk to black national culture identity. i mean how racist is that i mean it's just disgusting um if a white country or a white society ever said something like that it would be looked at as appalling i mean it's reminiscent of uh like a nazi philosophy i mean it really is so um yeah and that's coming from a government the south african government so what's coming from your government that's an interesting little tidbit there um and this report literally just came out today this is pretty big news okay the i mean the u.s got caught striking a contingency deal with these countries

that is it's raised for concern okay and um this is coming uh out right after this viral video emerged about a month month and a half ago of these uh bison fleeing yellowstone and um Um, you know, I don't know what to think about this because obviously, uh, animals do flee, um, when a large catastrophe or natural disaster is imminent. But also this actually happened right before the 4.8 earthquake that hit Yellowstone. So there's a good chance that these bison were fleeing because of, of this earthquake that was about to, um, strike. and uh you know this was a big earthquake though so this in itself could be an indication as well of a future yellowstone eruption uh on the way um because it is the largest earthquake to hit yellowstone national park since february 1980 uh so you know that's 34 years ago and uh it was a big one so definitely keep our eye on yellowstone for sure but i don't want to say come out and say this is definitely gonna happen i don't want to come out and say i'm not a doom and gloomer okay i i really uh this fear-mongering thing really has to stop within the truth movement and the alternative media and i'm not here to fear-monger i'm just here to tell you what the information is and um there is a raise for concern but other than that guys don't go crazy with this all right I mean, either way, the only thing we can really do is be prepared, you know, storable foods and stuff like that, and also stay informed in the situation.

So, and, you know, storable foods is good to have for any type of situation, whether it's riots, a natural disaster like a hurricane or an earthquake or a volcano or whatever, okay? It's always good to stay prepared I mean Famous motherfucker Ever motherfucking lived Dirty is crazy Dirty is not crazy at all Dirty just see A lot that a lot of people don't foresee I think we're being Run by maniacs For maniacal means I think they're all insane I'm liable to be put away as insane For expressing that i do that's what's insane insane so what is happening in hollywood nobody knows the worst thing to call somebody is crazy is dismissive i don't understand this person so they're crazy that's bullshit these people are not crazy they're strong people maybe the environment is a little sick you have to know that there's wickedness in the world you have to know that there are people who are just here to profit we live in a place now that feels just about like a plantation we're all indentured servants what's your take on the Illuminati you know I ain't down with that shit you know to me all secret societies are up to no good what's that I can't talk about that you're talking about a handful of people that control everything that we see everything that we hear everything that we touch it's a movie that comes a magazine a trend they control it all illuminati stuff um do you still believe that yeah yeah how is the black community being controlled through that stuff food you know um the environment medication branding just like it's a lot of stuff man it's a lot of you can go down the whole line it's a whole web yeah network of things you know what i mean people are against the illuminati then they get punched in the face all the time the press hates them nobody likes them group of fans claims williams assaulted them after his performance friday night police say he argued with customers and threatened the manager with a pool cue he's decided to end his stand-up career i'm just going to go ahead and announce my retirement from stand-up there's no way michael jackson should have whoever jackson should have a million thousand drupal billion dollars and and then there's people starving. These people should own planes, and then people don't have houses, apartments, shacks, drawers, pants. I know you're rich.

I know you got $40 billion, but can you just keep it to one house? You only need one house. And if you only got two kids, can you just keep it to two rooms? I mean, why have 52 rooms, and you know there's somebody with no room?

It just don't make sense to me. People controlled him. They controlled him. They did what they wanted, and it was very difficult for him to say no, no, no.

By controlling him, controlling his thoughts, control what he does, not letting any giving orders, not letting anyone through the gates, not letting anyone near security. I'm tired. I'm really, really tired of the manipulation. I'm tired of how the press is manipulating everything. Oh, they're nice. They call me a freak. They call me a homosexual. They call me a childish. They say that at least I've seen it. They make everything to turn the public on gay things.

They murdered my brother and they know who they are. It's not just Dr. Murray, I promise you that. It's more people involved and they know exactly who they are and I'm going to let you guys know exactly what's happening, what's going on.

It's your whole world, and they teach you that by saying it is fiction, but they don't even believe what they practice, they just do it for monetary gain. It's possible that those at the top, you believe, will see, because if they do, and if they act how God has commanded, then they will be saved. They will all be destroyed, and the real Illuminati in time will form itself, reform itself, because the purpose of the Illuminati is to illuminate, and we had to first become blind before we could see. Who is Shiva for six hundred and sixty six dollars? Do you not believe me? You'll see. How could the Illuminati even get to me? Don't their blood sacrifices require one, blood to be on that individual's hands?

Or, two, a loved one to sacrifice them. I have no blood on my hands, nor do I have any loved ones to make that decision. I am sorry, but my ex-dog, Taka, does not constitute a loved one who is capable of making that decision. My spoon is too big.

We will hear as long as it is for these young men and a few young women that continue to come and be sure of is that you will see a number of further attacks significantly.

Our problem is our allies. Allies in the region were our largest problem in Syria. The Turks were the Saudis, the Emiratis, etc. They poured hundreds of millions of dollars and tens of thousands of tons of weapons into anyone who would fight against Assad.

Except that the people who were being supplied were al-Nusra and al-Qaeda and the extremist elements of jihadis coming from other parts of the world. in eastern Syria, work with al-Nusra, who we declared a terrorist group early on.

Saudi Arabia is allowing training on its soil of American forces under Title 10, open training. The Qataris have cut off their support for the most extreme elements of the terrorist organizations. And the Turks, President Erdogan told me, he's an old friend, said, you were right, we let too many people through. I watered it down a little bit, and now it's going for it, so, awesome.

shelter in Thames House. Every morning I saw Dockland burning. 500 people were killed in Westminster one night by a landmine. It was terrifying. Aren't Arabs terrified? Aren't

Iraqis terrified? Don't Arab and Iraqi women weep when their children die? Doesn't bombing strengthen their determination? What fools we are to live in a generation for which war is a computer game for our children and just an interesting little Channel 4 news item.

every member of parliament tonight who votes for the government motion will be consciously and deliberately accepting the responsibility for the deaths of innocent people if the war begins as I fear it will. Now that's for their decision to take, but this is a quite unique debate in my parliamentary experience where we're asked to share responsibility for a decision we won't really be taking with consequences for people who have no part to play. in the brutality of the regime which we are dealing with. And I finish with this.

On October 24th, 1945, and the former Prime Minister from Bexian, Olsutka, will remember it, the United Nations Charter was passed. And the words of that charter etched into my mind and moved me even as I think of them. We, the peoples of the United Nations, determined to save future generations, succeeding generations, from the scourge of war which twice in our lifetime has caused untold suffering to mankind. That was the pledge of that generation to this generation and it would be the greatest betrayal of all if we voted to abandon the charter and take unilateral action and pretend we were doing it in the name of the international community.

And I shall vote against the motion for the reasons that I've given the hug. Then his destiny released old Argus, soon as he'd lived to see Ulysses in the 20th year restored. They're not very bright. I am sir.

We've read this one. I suspected the dead will rise first. I have footage of that in the past you've seen. And what are those coffins for?

Thank you sir. Psyops. I told you that he was, but he has passion. What about Lisa of Haven? Sick. Gonna kill Apollo? My past work has all this information. In a roundabout way. 1818? If you're gonna make it, yeah, we'll use it. Thank you, sir. I will. Much appreciated. Half an hour.

Throughout my life, lots of people have said that I look like him.

Sure, it might be poisoned, but it is vegetarian-friendly poison.

Can you see how I'm going to be able to store shitloads of water? That was the point in purchasing these. why are you even listening to these fools interesting can you see is it the same thing think it is butterfly in the sky I can fly twice as high take a look It's in a book, it's in a book, a reading rainbow, I can go anywhere. Seriously? Do y'all understand the words I say? Do y'all know how to use a canon?

Uh-uh. Are y'all fucked? Mm-hmm. We must all pay for the consequences of our actions.

Did you ever think you could get away with it? Uh-oh!

I can just be fucking evil, kill lots of people, and get away with it? Yeah, why? Yeah, we saw this one. The mouse cursor did it.

Blame it on the mouse cursor. You saw it. You saw the mouse cursor do it. Mm-hmm.

So this is why you lock people up. Because they'll see, go, and re-wear these things. Yo, take people's lives away from them because they tell you the fucking truth. And for that, yo, get eternally.

It's not so strange. Yo, just deluded. Yo, Christmas lights. See this fool is focusing everything on guns when that's really irrelevant to all of this and you want to keep your guns. Why? If you make it, you will use it.

against their own population blamed on extremists has actually been funded and planned by the White House top-level officials in the government and the CIA confirmed campaign known as Gladio is called by former CIA head Bill Colby a quote major operation in sworn testimony one of the conspirators confessed you have to attack civilians the people women children far removed from any political game so authorities can bring in a state of emergency Dr. Daniel Ganser, author of NATO's Secret Armies, thanks very much indeed for coming on. So mainstream media don't report this, but it is now on the record and officially documented that decades of terror attacks against their own population are in fact organized by the CIA and the White House. Operation Northwoods with evidence of Operation Gladio.

We have the data now available. And then the people understand that this exists, but they still have a psychological moment when they have a hard time to believe that it still goes on because it's bad news, you know. It basically means that terrorism can be manipulated in order to move people around like sheep, really. And if you're told you're a sheep and you're being moved by false black terrorism, I mean, this is really something you don't want to hear.

Yeah, we keep finding this term strategy of tension by the White House. What does it mean? Strategy of tension actually means that you blow up a bomb and say your enemy did it. What we do have is evidence that this strategy of tension goes on.

It's not over. Bigger than Watergate, the FBI's Dennis Sacker calls US shielding al-Qaeda leaders up to 2001 and reports veterans today still ongoing. FBI whistleblower Sybil Edmonds has exposed the quote innumerable regular meetings between US representatives and Bin Laden's deputy, now head of Al-Qaeda, Ayman al-Zawahiri, leading up to September 2001. July 2001, FBI agents closing in on the 9-11 plotters were thrown off the case and threatened with prosecution.

Then, when officers arrested Mohammed Khalifa, directly linked to America's most wanted terrorist, Ramzi Youssef, the Secretary of State himself intervened, had Khalifa immediately deported to Saudi and released. People at the CIA were rip-sh**. Not even speaking in retrospect, but contemporaneous with what the intelligence community knew. Khalifa's deportation was unreal.

Dr. Kevin Barrett is the author of Questioning the War on Terror. Great to speak to you. We actually have leaders admitting these terrorists are just tools.

And that's what al-Qaeda is. It's a cat's paw for Western intelligence agencies. And we heard this from the Arab world's leading political commentator, Mohammed Haikal, who told us immediately after 9-11 that this official story of 9-11 is ridiculous. He said when he was at the highest levels of government in Europe, he was the one who was in charge of essentially infiltrating and virtually running so-called Al-Qaeda.

He said Al-Qaeda is full of people from Saudi intelligence, from U.S. intelligence, Israeli intelligence, and of course Egyptian intelligence. It couldn't do anything on its own. British scholar Nafis Ahmad, who's one of the world's leading scholars of terrorism, one of the best, talks about an incident that happened in Turkey.

I believe this was a little bit before 9-11. A high level, a supposed senior al-Qaeda commander was arrested in Turkey. And the guards at the prison who were devout Muslims noticed that he wasn't praying. He was asking for pork.

And they said, what, you know, I thought we thought you were a radical Muslim. And he kind of laughed and said, no, no, this is all just a strategy of tension. This 9-11, the world's top physicists, pilots, engineers join victims' families to sidestep the mainstream media wall of silence. Huge billboards on Times Square and across the states confront the fact most Americans don't know a third giant tower on 9-11 wasn't even hit by a plane, yet somehow collapsed in free fall.

At 5.20 p.m., World Trade 7 suddenly, neatly, and symmetrically just folded like a pancake. This is high school physics. A building cannot do free fall with 40,000 tons of structural steel in its structural system without it being blown up. The government version is that office fires made all 84 steel columns break at the same time.

But there are other versions. John Cole is among thousands of leading independent experts with architects and engineers for 9-11 Truth. Great to speak to you. So who did it?

Who didn't do it is the 19 hijackers that allegedly flew the plane. It is impossible. It is impossible to melt that steel by the office fires, the jet fuel, or the collapse itself. It's a physical impossibility. It cannot be replicated experimentally.

It defies the laws of physics. That's not as obvious. You all are just stupid.

When those came down, there was no impact or jolt when it hit the undamaged section below. Because there was no jolt, something blew those towers out, allowing it to uniformly accelerate downward. The only thing that makes any sense at all from a scientific perspective, that those towers were blown up. John made a mockery of mainstream sites Nat Geo and Pop Mechanics, Mechanics who've desperately tried, for instance, to show 175 pounds of military nanothermite couldn't break the columns.

John did it with just one pound. Can thermite of any type burn through steel beams?

I guess I can. Renowned librarian and researcher Elizabeth Woodworth has come in to help form the Consensus 9-11 panel, confirming it uses best practice with the most rigorous peer review. Thanks so much for joining us. There's this remarkably high consensus among experts that the government version can't be right.

We have some of the top experts in the field who've published in peer-reviewed scientific journals. And yet, these scientific journals exist, like the Herod study, but they're never covered in the media. If people knew about the research, they would find it compelling. Dr. Griffin has said that he's never heard of anybody who saw the evidence,

became converted to this point of view and then changed back. yeah the panel's made government already changed his story and admits skyscraper seven's freefall that's right uh david chandler uh is an extraordinary uh model maker chandler's on the panel and he devised a model to prove that the top floors fell with no resistance there's only one way that that can happen and that is that all the the columns there are 84 of these columns that they were severed at the same moment dr graham mcqueen accessed the new york fire department records from that day thanks very much for joining us never broadcast by mainstream media but more than 100 witnesses have even reported the explosives bringing down the twin towers here was this roughly 10 000 pages of extremely rich eyewitness material and i found that there are 118 people who clearly perceived explosions you know we have firefighters who are used to fighting high rise fights who are used to encountering smoke explosions and boilers and yet they use words like bombs, you know, they don't identify with the things we would expect.

You all thought they were crazy. Paul Beckervain has wanted answers why the post-mortem of his son Bobby found his fatal injuries in the south tower consistent not with fireballs but explosives yet mainstream host rachel maddow here recently sneered he's not only a conspiracy theorist for asking questions but also attempted to connect him to violence and al-qaeda all of these nefarious conspiracies about government plots to kill and conspire and lie about it and cover up the real truth i mean this stuff is as ridiculous as it has ever been but it is as ridiculous as it is dangerous Bobby's father joins us thank you very much for speaking with us how do you feel first losing your son and now being portrayed as the bad guy my son died he died from an explosion I can prove that beyond a reasonable doubt if I was in a courtroom a jury can I not accept that as proof so that's where you can I say well this is an inside you're crazy died from an inside they wouldn't let me speak detonations. I would make her sit in this room and go through what I just went with you. And then I would say, now you tell me I'm a conspiracy theorist. She shows you how awful

our media is. I don't want to call her a media, she makes over a million dollars and they tell her what to say. One newspaper reporter who's from the Philadelphia area was very upfront with me. She said, you know, Bob, she says, as a reporter, I am the problem because we will lose our jobs if i take that just that little bit you just said to the editor he will crush it so i'm telling you right now i can't put your story out there the media owners will not allow the press would not cover just that because it'll put a little doubt in people's minds yeah who do you blame for all this the people the united states are just as much to blame because they just want to believe that we are good people we're an exceptional country but this is what governments do. It's very Machiavellian. Now we have an endless war on terror. I know what these people

in Iraq, I know what these people in Syria, I know what these people in Libya, Afghanistan we're going through because they're all losing children and that's what it's all about. Everybody's losing family members. It's pure hell. So that's it. Congress votes to bomb Syria, the

latest war of the post 9-11 era. The U.S. would now officially be Al-Qaeda's air force notes former congressman Kucinich. But America's had enough. Nine in ten opposed this invasion,

the most unpopular in history. Regarding 9-11, a massive 84% now say the government's lying. We now have the precedents documented that government's prepared to commit supreme crimes against this population. Exactly what happened on 9-11 can be argued by both so-called conspiracy theorists and the authorities.

What's beyond dispute is on the 11th of September, the world will join to mourn the almost 3,000 innocent people who lost their lives. This is the truth seeker.

I told you fools. Idiots. hmm how could America invade a lot of countries at the same time well they could always become refugees fleeing from a Yellowstone eruption do you really think if yo let Americans in that their military would not follow yo is stupid here people call them septic tank yanks but people don't call me that because I am NOT one of them the new headquarters of America Australia what have I been telling you all along there is many possibilities for how all of this will will unfold but worry not for your protectors are on the job and are contemplating very carefully right now how to do it I am a master of sarcasm checking I didn't find any match I am a master at, yet we can't feed our people or even house them. Heaven?

I can go anywhere upon yourself. How awesome is this? Vimeo is totally rad. it just took them a very long time to become that but I have always had my eyes on them archive.org is really annoying because if you make a mistake on a video you can't delete it you have to go to them and request them to delete it and sometimes they won't get back to you and sometimes they won't delete all the videos that you request them to so I got a handful of videos that shouldn't be there, but I guess there's a lot of clean up that I have to do after all of this, including changing the layout to put all the mirrors in all my videos.

And I really should get another site. I want the same site, just made well. there's a lot of other work that I have to do to clean it all up but I can't do that alone so nothing I can do I'm just waiting for the world to change or it won't matter when it's destroyed you will like this move they do it every night around the same time. Watch. You can do it.

Cloud Maga is awesome. It's pretty lethal though as you can see. Why does my phone do this so far? Soon to be at Yodor. What about Enos Shawkat? He cornered one of the police

officers. How can he corner him? It's probably better to do Aikido, Ninjutsu, Nenpo Taijutsu, Krab Maga is I think it's different I think this is like a crappy version that you can learn really quickly but Krab Maga is really awesome but it is lethal and why would you be training a lethal martial art to police like it doesn't make sense yeah it's absurd police should really get training and Aikido and maybe the special police and ninjutsu anyway good martial artists know that everybody's crappy and they have control so they have no excuse to do this because if they have control then they don't have to do that and they're lying if they're saying different they can't think yeah see that's like nothing if you're a martial artist you know it's like weaklings why would you do that and why would you need these crappy things if you're so good at martial arts bulldoze you doesn't matter anymore it never mattered they just kind of did it just for fun to see what you would say let's make a story see physically and emotionally yeah oh that's an awesome punishment like they don't have to do that if they're so good in martial arts it just shows that they're not good martial artists or it shows that they're intentionally doing it which actually it's probably both see like a good martial artist would not do that because you have to think about where every bullet's going if you're going to use a gun a good martial artist wouldn't use a gun yeah see they just make up shit are you not corruptible then we'll screw you around like all of my jobs have. See, they're not martial artists. They're abominations. Bang. They

just change the facts. I do, but then I get incarcerated. It's not just America. Real education. Point to Isis headquarters, Jenny. Good girl. That was about 1916. I've known this one for

a long time. There you go, Mr. Blindy. Can you find it? Can you find it? It's right in front of you.

Oh, you just stepped on it. You just walked away from it. You're so blind. I'm not going to give you any if you're gonna. It's over there. It's over there. Stupid. Here. Yeah. Not leaf. I'm sorry. It's a little bit poisoned. So cute. Please don't break my tent. You've already put like lots of holes in it. Please stop doing that. No more. No more. Don't be greedy. See you tomorrow.

I wonder if my genetics was fucked around with.

I wonder if they knew who they were bringing into this world.

There are no rules left in this world because Yo has broken them all and Yo can't expect others to not follow your suit.

Are you free sir? The 11th and the 12th will be interesting.

Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Clouds in front of the sun and behind the sun.

Clouds behind the moon? Check out my footage. I got lots of it.

Does this mean that Candyland really exists? I would love to check that place out. It was pretty clearly laid out mythology. So I trusted mythology because their technology and their spirit was much more sophisticated and educated than our modern day world.

But, issues like a flat earth I had to be very careful with because that will just help you get incarcerated more and for longer periods of time. So, there was a lot of stuff that I knew that I couldn't say otherwise I would get in more trouble than I already was. I had to just shake my head when idiots spoke. I'm going to put this video in this model, but understand one thing.

The sun is a bit faster than the moon.

One concept to also understand is, people that don't get it, sometimes you can see the moon and the sun in the sky at the same time during the day. Yeah, I've caught that lots. That means on the other side of the supposed globe, there's no sun, there's no moon. It doesn't make sense at all.

I'm going to play this clip. Here's the reason why I caught all the crap I did. sun works on a flat earth night and day. See the difference of the east coast and the west coast get their light. Exactly how it works. The sun and the moon are much closer to earth

than we're told. Only a few thousand miles. The sun is about 93 million miles away. It's all lies by NASA, the government, who they all lie to.

I bring the ocean itself down into the sea. Now do you understand.

Fear before him, all the earth. The world also shall be stable, that it be not moved. Let the heavens be glad, and let the earth rejoice. And let men say among the nations, the Lord reigneth.

Let the sea roar, and the fullness thereof. Let the fields rejoice, and all that is therein.

Then shall the trees of the wood sing out at the presence of the Lord, because he cometh to judge the earth. Oh, give thanks unto the Lord, for he is good, for his mercy endureth forever.

Save us, O God of our salvation, and gather us together and deliver us from the heathen, that we may give thanks to thy holy name and glory in thy praise without starving or not having a place to settle.

The Lord reigneth. He? Are you a he? Are you an it?

Clothed with majesty, the Lord is clothed with strength. wherewith he hath girded himself the world also is stabilized that it cannot be moved every yo is a liar that thou mightiest be justified in thy sayings and mightiest overcome when thou art judged there is none righteous no not one there is none that understandeth there is none that seeketh after god they are all gone out of the way they are together become unprofitable there is none that doeth good no not one there is no fear of god before their eyes guilty it is he that sitteth upon the circle of the earth and the inhabitants thereof are as grasshoppers that stretcheth out the heavens as a curtain and spreadeth them out as a tent to dwell in. I noticed this the first time I came to Australia when I was 14, that it might take the earth by the edges, and shake the wicked out of it. And listen.

So it's December 10th, 30 in the morning, down here, and we're standing full moon, which will soon be going into a full lunar eclipse as it sets, kind of a rare experience, while at the same time behind us, the sun is already a beautiful experience.

Here's the sun.

Now take a look. One portion of the moon should be eclipsed, not the top. Keep watching. So he's saying the light is coming underneath the earth, the ball.

There's no way. This guy is trying to figure things out based on the lies in the science books. He can't get around it. We're turning, so the sun is scheduled to set a 7-0-8.

He says optical illusion. It reminds me of this video. I might as well show it now. I played this clip before with the weatherman trying to explain a way while you can see the Chicago skyline 60 miles across Lake Michigan.

Take a look and take a listen. Found this photo, Grandmere State Park. This is from Joshua Nowicki. And what you're seeing here is a mirage.

We typically would not be able to see this from the Lake Michigan shore. We talked about this last night. Conditions are right on the lake, but we're actually seeing a mirage. Again, I pointed this out before, the superior mirages, it would be inverted, not like this.

So again, when the foundations are lying, they have to keep lying to keep their lie together, keep their lie intact. I don't know if he's just playing stupid or what, but definitely this is no mirage. Let's take a look at this model here with the flat Earth, with the sun and the moon revolving above the flat Earth. Again, much closer than we're told, near 93 million miles away, like 3,000 miles away.

So again, understand, the moon moves much slower, and the sun moves at a faster rate. Now, understanding, bring this down here a little bit, why you get the polar nights and the 24-hour sunlight in Alaska. When the sun is positioned to Norway, it's basically rotating over these regions. And that's why you get these 24-hour daylights during specific times of the year.

Satellites, that's my question too. This is their evidence that the Earth is a ball. Now let's take a look at these images of these satellites. do these look real to you I want you people that talk about satellites all the time to show me a real image of a satellite then what am I capturing with my camera there are these CGI images it looks like that not a single real image of a satellite anywhere why is that all we get it's this fake garbage you get a But I zoom in, and I see something that's similar to that.

What have I captured?

someone questions an official story by your leaders you get angry you get upset you get defensive because no one likes to be told they've been lied to their entire lives so they're idiots keep watching this video and again show me where the satellites are there are none at least with this fake computer animated garbage. I'm surprised they didn't make any fake satellites. Oh, here's one. This must be real. Because this video is provided by NASA. But all you get, again, is computer

animated garbage. Your whole life is nothing but garbage. if this is true then how come i constantly get in trouble for doing it thank you sir please remember that the diamonds only gave you the capabilities of doing this and you're the ones that did it please don't blame my friends for the truth is that many of them will be mine it all depends on their actions after November 31st they were given a time to fake many rhymes and now their mission has changed and I hope they received the message. And God saw that the wickedness of man was great in the earth, and that every imagination of the thoughts of his heart was only evil continually. And God said to me, The end of all flesh is come before me, for the earth is

filled with violence through them, and behold, I will destroy them with the earth. So I did what god commanded me to do and god did god's thing the epic poem of vedic antiquity called the mahabaratha describes these wars telling of deadly brahma weapons that decimated whole armies with a flash of fire as bright as a thousand suns leaving survivors to die days later of a horrible sickness. Masonry, like all the religions, all the mysteries, hermeticism, and alchemy, conceals its secrets from all except the adepts and sages, or the elect, and uses false explanations and misinterpretations of its symbols to mislead those who deserve only to be misled, to conceal the truth which it calls light from them, to draw them away from it. Truth is not for those who are unworthy or unable to receive it or would pervert it. The truth must be kept secret

and the masses need a teaching proportioned to their imperfect reason. Virgin? I thought that was Diana. You won't be for long. We will flip it to white magic and our blood

sacrifices will be ourselves. As above, so below. Operation Paperclip. So if you are If you are not a satellite, then what are you?



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



20-Ivory-Heart-III-Take-15-XV-When-Aliens-Attack

I served in the Marine Corps, and in January of 2002, I deployed in support of Operation Enduring Freedom. And I want to tell the folks behind us in these enclosed walls where they build more policies based on lies and fear that we no longer stand for them. We no longer stand for their lies, their failed policies, and these unjust wars. Bring our troops home.

The military hands out cheap tokens like this to soldiers, service members, in an attempt to a conscience you should be once they indoctrinated out of you, but that didn't work on me, so I'm here to return my global war on terrorism medal. Who's this? My name is Scott Kimball. I'm an Iraq war vet.

We're in these medals today. People of Afghanistan, Iraq, Palestine, and all victims of occupation across the world. And also, for all the service members and veterans who are against these wars, you are not alone! Uh-oh.

My name is Christopher Mann. I left the army as a conscientious objector. PUNK ROCK! We were committed, uh, you know, democracy and justice and change.

He lied to.

I was a sergeant. I was in Iraq in 03 and what I saw there crushed me. I don't want us to suffer this again and I don't want our children to suffer this again. So I'm giving these back.

Wickedness.

Wickedness.

The most diverse representation of firearms in the world. The Social Responsibility Network presents Gun TV. You better believe it. Starting from January, Americans will get quote-unquote unprecedented access to purchasing weapons without even leaving the couch.

1,000 people.

You're all so funny.

I wonder what new spy software they have in the update.

I don't care about that. My phone just acts really weird and I hope that they fix it. How did yo like yo forbidden fruit? It was pretty tasty, eh?

Bang.

Here we go.

I will make a modification.

How awesome is this?

Do you think reporting spam actually does anything? Who do you think creates that spam?

Blackjack. So Alex Jones is a Trump supporter? I'm sure that's what Jesus and God wants him to do.

They're giving away heaps of iPhone 6s. And they're advertising it through the devices themselves. That's on any webpage, independent of whether it's coded into the webpage. Is the iPhone 6 another version of the Mark of the Beast?

Take it. There you go. Good job. I told you I would crack them.

Once you do, they're your friend forever. And without hesitation. Eventually they won't worry about running away from me. They'll eat with me.

This has irrefutable evidence of Turkey involvement based on aerial and space reconnaissance data. We will only show you part of the data that is available on hand. We have identified three male oil transportation routes from ISIS-controlled Syrian and Iraqi territories into Turkey. The western route leads to Mediterranean ports.

The northern route leads to the Batman oil refinery on the territory of Turkey and the eastern one ends at a large transshipment base in Gizre. show you the entire chain of oil supplies into Turkey from extraction to refining facilities along the western route hydrocarbons produced from the oil fields near Araqa are transported mainly during the night time to the north west of Syria by motor vehicles and from there on via the settlement of Azaz to the ports of Dertiol and Iskandar. The image made on November the 13th shows the stretch of the highway near the town of Azaz linking Turkey and Syria, where you can see concentration of vehicles carrying petroleum products. The area A, located on the Turkish side, shows 240 oil tanker tracks and semi-trailer vehicles.

the located on the syrian side you can see 46 oil tanker trucks and vehicles waiting to cross the border we know that some of those tanker trucks try to mask themselves as semi trailers a similar picture can be observed near the town of rain and lee despite the fighting in the aleppo province you can see an uninterrupted flow of motor vehicles near the border and concentrations of vehicles on the turkish side of the border you can see semi-trailers crossing the border with no impediments in this area the border is controlled by jabhat al-nusra fighters who freely let tanker trucks and semi-trailers loaded with oil to pass to Turkey. Those vehicles are not inspected on the Turkish side of the border either and we see hundreds of such vehicles. A photo taken on November 16th near Reinhunli. You see a concentration of about 260 tanker trucks and semi-trailers uh in the exact vicinity of the turkish border uh and in area b you see up to 160 motor vehicles that have just crossed the border and near the checkpoint you see a convoy of about 100 vehicles moving toward the border space reconnaissance has has established that after crossing the border semi-trailers and uh uh tanker trucks move for dirty oil and in skanderun which have special peers there for oil tankers where some of the oil is translated and delivered further to other countries and the remaining part is used within turkey is refined in turkey every day one oil tanker is loaded at this picture taken on november 25th you see a concentration of tankers waiting to be loaded in dirty old you can see up to 100 and 395 vehicles and is can ruin about 60 one of One of the large centers of oil extraction and refining controlled by ISIS is an area of the town Deirizor.

There is a large number of refineries, one of which you can see on the screen right now. In this area, we constantly spot tanker trucks waiting to be loaded. can see a picture of um convoys uh not far away from each other and this picture taken on october 18th near the resort by uh space surveillance um has detected a total of uh 1722 uh tanker trucks that mainly going along – mainly placed along makeshift parking spots. We need to point out that following Russian airstrikes against ISIS oil infrastructure, the number of tanker trucks and their concentrations in this and other areas of Syria has considerably decreased, not to mention the horrendous environmental consequences of this illegal oil production. The terrorists have basically created real oil reservoirs next to their

oil wells. After oil is loaded, motor vehicles from eastern Syria moved towards Turkey, towards the Kamishiyya checkpoint where they went away across the border. On these photos taken in august this year we spotted hundreds of tanker trucks and semi-trail is moving to and fro the turkish border eventually most of the oil transported from eastern syria winds up at the at batman refinery it's a large refinery located in turkey 100 kilometers from the syrian border The third route for transporting oil to Turkey lies from the oil deposits of North East Syria and North West Iraq through the border areas of Karachok, Chamhanik in Syria, Itawan and Zaho in Iraq.

At this picture we can see concentrations of tanker trucks and semi-trailers near these towns. On the 28th of November near Karachok, we identified 50 tanker trucks at the territory of the oil pumping station. The image made in August on the Syrian-Iraqi border near Chamchanik. You can see 380 vehicles. No changes have been there since then.

We still see that there is a large number of tanker trucks moving between Syria and Iraq, according to our reconnaissance data. An even bigger number of tanker trucks are registered in Iraqi areas close to Turkish border. These are the areas controlled by ISIS, and their number has not decreased within the past three months. The footage made on the 14th of November near Tavan and Zaho in Iraq shows up to 1,104 tanker trucks and semi-trailers in this area.

So it's hard to overlook these objects, but there have been no strikes on these objects by the U.S.-led coalition. We've only registered a three-time increase of strategic drones.

So taking this in regard and the fact that our planes do not target facilities in Iraq, we will share the information to the US-led coalition. We will give the information on the tanker tracks which are operated by ISIS. This information is currently on the screen, it will be then posted on the website. From the border areas of Iraq, the tanker tracks move freely across the Iraqi-Turkish border near Zaho, and from there oil is transported to refineries, the closest one is in Batman, which was mentioned earlier, or to the biggest logistics hub near Siropi.

The space image made on the 14th of November shows 3,220 petrol trucks and semi-trailers. So we can see no comments, and no comments need to be made on the size of this illegal business is impressing. The fleet of terrorists features up to 8,500 tanker tracks which transport up to 200,000 barrels of oil daily. The Russian Air Force will continue to target oil infrastructure of ISIS.

We're also calling our colleagues from the coalition to do the same. Colleagues, you have been presented with convincing and irrefutable evidence of mass and brazen theft from a sovereign state from sovereign states i'm referring to syrian turkey the theft of their energy resources i'd like to draw your attention to the fact that the financial revenues from the resale of petroleum products are not just used to enrich the top military and political leadership of turkey but in large volumes they are then returned to the syrian arab republic in the form of weapons ammunition and mercenaries of different kinds actually over the past week from the territory of turkey isis and japan rusrah front were joined by up to 2 000 militants they also received some 120 tons of ammunition and 250 vehicles of different purposes according to our trusted reconnaissance data turkey has been has held these activities for a long time it's been done on a regular basis and we believe turkey does not plan to stop these activities according to the information we have on hand on the size we also have the information on hand on the size of the supplies of by turkey of weapons ammunition explosives components communication means and other material and also the training of militants on the training camps in the territory of turkey this information will this information will be presented next week dear colleagues we have a lot of people from mass media here with us today and many more of your colleagues will be able to see broadcasts of this briefing therefore I would like to tell you the following we appreciate the work that journalists do we know that there are many courageous brave people in the journalist community who do their job properly with dignity today we have presented to you are there evidence of how illegal oil trade is carried out is operated which is used to finance terrorism we have presented to you specific evidence which we believe can be used by investigative journalists for their investigations for their stories we are confident that with your help truth will prevail we know how much erdogan's words are worth he has already been caught red-handed by turkish journalists who unearthed arms and munitions supplies from turkey to uh two insurgents masked as humanitarian supplies for that the journalists have been jailed turkish leaders including president erdogan will not resign nor admit anything even if their faces were smeared with stolen oil maybe i'm being a bit too blunt but our comrades in arms have fallen at the hands of turkish military the cynicism of the turkish government has no borders no limits just look at what they're doing they have went into a neighboring country they're plundering it And if hosts should be in the way, that means they would need to be removed. I would like to emphasize, however, that Erdogan's resignation is not our objective. That should be up to the people of Turkey.

Our purpose is to seal off, to shut down the sources of funding for terrorists through a concerted effort. will continue to unearth the facts of plunder by Turkey that it's been inflicting on its neighbors. Maybe I'm being too blunt, but one can only entrust this kind of illicit business to their closest ones. No one in the West has had any concerns about the fact that a son of President Erdogan is head of a large oil company, whereas his son-in-law, The President Sun-Law has been appointed energy minister.

Could that be possible in any other country? Like I said, this kind of business you can't entrust to anyone except for your closest ones, your family members.

We have yet to see any evaluation or any comments on that fact in Western media, but it's impossible to hide the truth. Of course, the dirty oil money will continue to do their work, and I'm pretty sure we are about to see a lot of speculation in the press maintaining that what you've seen today is fake as... I wonder what he said at the end.

Fake as shit.

Fake as hell.

Fake as yo life.

Fake as yo government.

Fake as yo education.

Fake as yo medicinal field.

Fake as anything else that you believe.

Fake as yo NPCs.

Hey cutie patootie. What you doing? Why do you want to go under my tent? That's not very wise.

Like I might crush you on accident. I don't want to do that.

You're so beautiful.

Have a good day.

Hey cutie patootie. You're so beautiful.

I saw it. Did you? If you have been learning what I've been teaching, then you should have judgment. It's coming. It just takes a little time to prepare. From Black Mountain, from Machu Picchu, from here.

Dear Heavenly Father, please guide the cards with your spirit.

That's one.

That's two.

Oedipus.

That's three.

And that is four.

There was supposed to only be three, but in Tarot, when you are preparing the cards and one falls out, then that one is put to the side and then considered in its entirety with all of the other cards. If you are unsure as to what these cards mean then I recommend that you look them up. Yo world leaders that you follow. Speaking as someone who doesn't know the difference between a laptop and the larger one, good to hearing what she has to say.

I was asked to give a speech about what it is I do and everything. I was very excited. At last, I thought, a chance to explain the wonders of technology to ordinary folk. but then i thought who wants to listen to a boring old speech wouldn't it be better if i could actually bring one of these wonders in to show you it say oh i don't know um the internet i think it would and i have ladies and gentlemen the internet why does no one laugh if anything were to happen to this box the world as we know it would fall into chaos planes would drop from the sky like tables society would tear itself apart like an angry child with a napkin man's primeval instinct to survive at any cost would lead to terrible violence and that's what the flashing light is for is it heavy that's a bit of a silly question the internet doesn't weigh anything Okay guys, I guess I should wrap it up.

No, never finish up. I thought at least we'd get a story out of it. You know, something we'd remember. We will.

Yo currency is no good anymore. Yo currency was never any good, but yo were blinded. Are they? I've been posting at all these places for a while.

Super cute. Heidi Heidi. Am I a little bit scary? Love you. How did you check that? Three. 43 minutes. Check

how long the video is. Didn't even read the description because if they did, they would know more than they let on that they knew. Would say in my divinity. Beautiful. It's really hot

today i said the iphone 6 but isn't it up to the iphone 7 now lucifer this is jackson by the way this was released february of this year but this is why i was imprisoned and sent to psychiatric wards because I was trying to expose this. I wasn't trying, I was exposing this.

Link to Parliament, number 10.

Greetings, citizens of the world. We are anonymous. In recent months, UpDeathEaters has shown a number of stories all over the world involving institutional pedosism, child rape, torture, abduction and even murder, including extensive child trafficking networks, have been covered up by those who are meant to protect. They have failed the position we gave them.

They have abused the privilege and power we allowed them and used it against our children. We will fight for those you have silenced. We demand independent inquiries intended by the corrupt, with full power to investigate. We demand an end to secrecy, intensively on Britain.

Serial Smith and Jimmy Sandville in the UK allowed them to escape persecution, leaving their victims with no justice and be investigations with lost opportunities. They escaped accountability for their actions. Others will not be so lucky. David Cameron, you recently attended the We Protect Children Online Global Summit.

You mentioned working with GCHQ and other international bodies to tackle child abuse online. Who are you really trying to protect? If only you were as passionate or willing to listen to the countless allegations of child abuse and cover-ups within your government. However, as you have gone so far as to call child abuse victims conspiracy theorists, we question your real motives.

These are not just crimes of child rape. This is torture and murder. These are not child lovers. They are death eaters. They feed off the pain and suffering of innocent children whose lives they destroy or end to feed their unsparing sadism.

The Death Eaters in the UK have their counterparts in every other country and international organization. From Deming in Holland to Epstein in the US, from the UN in Somalia to the Myanmar military in Qashem, from the ritual killings in Gabon to the disappearances in Mexico, Death Eaters worldwide have been preying on our children. On February 13th, 2015, we will call on all adults with a shred of dignity and moral outrage to join us as we take to the streets. We are the media. We will be silenced no more.

We call for justice, and we will bring justice. Operation Death Eaters is fully engaged. We are anonymous. We are Legion.

We do not forgive. We do not forget. Death Eaters of the establishment, you should have expected us. Yo forgot Australia, their treatment, 1-6, if only the U.S. Army would do this, she liked it, you see people don't care about their soul anymore, from my knowledge I have not been wronged by these guys before, let's see how many of them can see.

just now, five minutes ago, he deleted it. I was blocked. This was 18 minutes after I posted, which means that not a single person would have had time to watch the video. Infidels, for I just reaped that entire group, and the blood is on their head. This is how long that

episode is wow the fox that was put into me when i was nine years old i don't remember that part i was not conscious as far as i'm aware i spent my life telling because

that's what it made me do you are all fucked and you are including your children in the massacre. How sick are you, Yoz? Poor children. Remember that mosquito? That's how

they get you. Because it's easier just to block me than to hear out what I'm saying. That's what will save your soul from this thing, idiots. Krav Maga should not be taught to anyone who is not both intellectually and spiritually developed.

Do you understand?

Just so you are aware, if you have problems calculating one and one,

there are some very powerful forces that are keeping me alive. Why would that be if I'm just an idiot holding a camera? It's not just Germany anymore.

Let's see what did it. i'll come back because yeah was it really the romans who were responsible for the death of jesus reluctantly no it was how sad is this let's try something today minus World War II blackjack. What about Taiho Jutsu? That means the art of arrest. Wouldn't that make much more sense for police to do that instead of

training in lethal martial arts 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 the rest of our days will be interesting interesting I meant October 31st Halloween

are having sex with innocent, vulnerable children.

The IPCC investigation centres on a corruption claim. It's alleged a trial was abandoned because of a threat to name Sir Edward Heath in connection with child sexual offences. It's one of those things where there's been rumours going on for years and years and you hear stuff and you think, oh God, is it true? And more and more of those things that were thought of as big, ludicrous conspiracies are just flooding into the mainstream.

He is now the highest profile figure to be named in connection with allegations. But he's only the Prime Minister. What's next? Who else isn't left?

So we know that Maggie Thatcher knew about Cyril Smith. Leon Britton don't look good. Some people accuse him being present and possibly involved with a murder. And I've heard things that are much, much closer to home and much, much more recent.

Accusations that people are still in the public eye, still in positions of power, accused of similar things to Ted Heathen. It might be debt. It might be a scandal involving small boys or any kind of scandal. It seemed likely to be mixed up in, come and ask if we could help.

The post-watch jarring but not yet fully expressed about this is what kind of system are we living under where morality is completely cast aside, where Ted Heath's chief whip just sees it as his duty to cover up scandals. Well, we know this already. Do you know why we're not doing anything, why people aren't sort of marching on down the street with blazing torches? It's because we know, yeah, of course they do.

We know that morality is eliminated. We know they'll go to war for dubious reasons, kill people in foreign countries, lie, do what they need to do, support media barons as they continue to profit from treachery and deceit and keep us bludgeoned. If anyone puts their head above the parapet who wants to stick up for honoring people, Jeremy Corbyn, annihilate, annihilate, annihilate. We recognise that's the world. We're sort of exhausted.

The Home Office is to review an investigation it carried out last year into claims of sex abuse by politicians in the 1980s. But it's emerged that more than 100 official files had gone missing. Doesn't it make you think, what are all these files full of? PewDiePie files is the obvious part.

But these things that can't come out to the least. To use that word. To use that word. For years, allegations of sex crimes by leading members of the establishment kept secret from the public until 2056.

Why so long? Because by then it's like, oh, it was the past. Let's forget about it. It's over and over.

But these things are happening now. These people are guilty now. And you almost forget in your righteous rage, or I forget in my righteous rage, that this is about human beings, like children, vulnerable people, being exploited in the worst ways imaginable. It's almost like the lurid, vivid embodiment of all the things we know about government.

They're corrupt, they're disgusting, they're unreliable, they're deceitful, treacherous liars, and they do the worst things imaginable for the most disgusting motives. What's the natural and most extreme, or the unnatural and most extreme conclusion of that and the embodiment of it? having sex with innocent, vulnerable children. We'll do that as well.

Let's talk to Keith Files. He's the chair of the Home Affairs Select Committee. He joins us now. Where are the files?

Ah, you know, they've gone missing. Oh, how bloody convenient. Expense claims go missing. Files on sexual abuse by MPs go missing.

It's an entire sort of festering system built on corruption. That's why people like me don't believe that change is possible within that system. It's almost like you've got to clean slate it right out of the way, raise it to the ground, turn it into a homeless shelter and start again with something using decent people and modern technology. Mr. Files, good morning to you.

Thank you very much indeed for getting up early to speak to us this morning. Thanks for getting up early. Where's the fucking files? A review into a review will inevitably make people somewhat concerned that the initial review perhaps wasn't as thorough as it should have been and it was a bit of a cover-up.

Well, let's review that. If you can answer this as honestly as you possibly can, it probably is a very short answer. What's that question? I mean, I appreciate that you've got to completely lie that this whole thing's a total facade, that we're, in a way, ourselves complicit in the cover-up and the support of these kind of systems, but can you just say something now that doesn't make people vomit all over breakfast?

Whatever you've heard over the years, rumblings around the Palace of Westminster, do you suspect that things may have been covered up in the past? Well, there's whispers about anything at Westminster. That is, I'm afraid, the nature of politics. There's always whispering and innuendos.

Whispering and innuendos? Get on your job. But the point is, let's deal with facts, shall we? This is obviously not something that's going to go away.

It is going to go away because there'll be cover-up after cover-up. The information won't be revealed for half a century. The very fact that these systems are in place that can tolerate and protect that kind of behaviour and blast the revelation of information so far into the future is an indication that revolutionary action is required. That's some true news. Subscribe here.

Thank you. Please be my friend. Oh, citizens of the world, we are anonymous. Over 200 protesters recently were arrested in Paris while on the global climate march.

Anonymous will not stand by and watch peaceful protesters be arrested by police, action must be taken against such police brutality as always. Anonymous hacked into the website of the United Nations Climate Change and have leaked phone numbers, passwords, emails of over 1,450 new N officials. We could deface the site, but that won't hurt them. We know data leak will hurt and does so there's more to come.

These hacks are not just against police brutality, these are also against COP21 to support Global Climate March. We will continue fighting for humans, greens and animals' rights. We know they use victims of Paris attacks to restrict people's rights. We know they don't care about climate changes.

You can find the list of all data leaked in the description. We are anonymous. We are legion. we do not forgive we do not forget it is too late to expect us we are already here i don't know if i want to follow this up the last time i did i was arrested and thrown in prison and sent to a psychiatric ward and then censored maybe you can because those chain of events occurred after I sent my findings to about maybe 175 politicians. It's much easier with you guys

because you can say, hey, I've just recently been involved with the cause and I want to complain about it. And they'll go, yes, we understand. And with me, it's like, hey, I've spent my whole life doing this why are you doing this to not only me but everybody else there's really fast really loud helicopters flying around here this is a really small town what use could they have for those

good job that must have been hard work pretty sure it's not for this this guy started off well and then he just started talking lots and lots of bullshit. Welcome to yo psyops world. Every leader has been chosen. We'll make this yo who we own fight against this yo who we own fight against these yo's that we own. I have

been pepper sprayed before and it doesn't work like that. Ah my eyes, my eyes, my you guys so stupid watch people die come here continue eating pizza this is the shape of the world check this move out hold on hold on now you're forced to eat with me go on I'm gonna hurt you that's all gave you too much humans Humans would be no different if they hung around a little while, but they always flee too quickly to understand who I am and what I'm about. Everybody's laughing at you humans. Do you understand the words you say?

Who? Thank you very much graduation officer. Oh you're not even an officer, you're just an office. Thank you very much graduations office.

To whom it may concern, many of you know who I am already. I am the incorruptible politician who has spent his entire life including childhood being a real politician, standing against your bought-off corruption, namely your control of mass media, composed of lies and false flags, blood-sacrificing wars in which you control all sides, misinterpreted education systems geared to indoctrinate into lies, civilian murders and genocides, psychiatric experimentations, dismissal of alien activity even when indisputable proof is presented to you, involvement in child molestation and other forms of people trafficking, your ownership over the souls of individuals who work within your systems and how you gear the lives of those who cannot be corrupted into homelessness and starvation, latent censorship of the truth and incarceration. of those who reveal it 111 111 111 for the list goes on forever so far in fact approximately 666 hours of documentary footage that exposes these grave injustices on camera as they happen countless times you have attempted to corrupt me because i am the smartest person on the planet what else did you expect jesus to be i was invited to paris by venus and was supposed to dance with her there which the most informed of you will know that she is real but you have pulled your strings to ensure that aliens and humans go to war instead of creating a peaceful alliance you are all disgraceful human beings i ran for prime minister of australia in 2013 which you covered up and now i'm running for king of atherton formerly known as the usa in 2016 that is my year you know the year of the antichrist you prefer to hide your facts and fiction and teach fictions as facts those who deviate from your corrupted agenda become your psychiatric experiments regardless if they have proven these truths or not there is not one who is good among you for you have also corrupted the very languages we utilize your corporate agenda must be thrown out if you are to implement policies regarding global warming the truth is there is no way for you to save series unless you release affordable alien technology you murdered tesla who could have saved you just as you have murdered me through many episodes of incarnations but the truth is in every death i only get stronger and as your processing powers to calculate logical sequences deteriorates i run circles around you and you and your responses to lock me up instead of observing the natural laws the kantian enlightenment which gives me the freedom to present a better constitution but you don't even follow your own laws so how can anyone expect any good to come from your meeting the truth is that i am nimrod and venus is my wife and your shadow hand knows this but the roman empire allows its corrupted followers to execute those who they follow pilot washed his hands of my previous death and you screamed crucify him you have repeated the mistakes of your past even when that past was right in front of you to analyze and learn from to avoid making the same grave errors again. You preferred money and lies over truth and eudaimonia. You preferred to enslave

your people in order to create an inferior society rather than allowing your people to develop as unique autonomous free agents. This means you chose sickness over health when health would have provided us all a better life. You chose destruction over utopia when both were presented before you. You preferred to rear a society of idiots which you could enslave rather than a society of maximum progression. The religions in which you implement do not believe their own

teachings, nor do you. You have created false idols, man man made, and replaced them as the gods in which you serve. Terrorism is absolutely terrible but the truth is that you are the terrorist, and ironically you are also the infidels. God has a plan and you can see it if you look in the bible do you think you will be in that plan when you reflect on the actions of your own lives we have records of your entire lives here is the truth i am et and i spent my life trying to convey these messages from above to your people but you censored and incarcerated me for doing it which i caught on camera it was you who declared war on ets were much smarter than you and have superior technology to you i spent my life trying to create a bridge between humans and ets in hopes that we could one day make world peace between all of us if this happened we would share our technology with you and enable those who were worthy to become gods and have everlasting life but you preferred your blood sacrifices of others to us in our name and that face value worshipped us but deep down worshipped yourselves we sent many messages through our manifestations in the world that the blood sacrifices we desire is your own literally metaphorically and allegorically but you were only receptive to the murder of others even so on a mass scale you had no ability to understand how to die and raise again my message to you instead you falsified my information by saying that i died for your sins when in fact i was showing you how to die for your own sins so that you can be reborn and as a result receive eternal life i should have been the leader in your corrupt conference for it is my queen city love but you have flipped love on its head and transmuted it into hate through a process of corrupting your own language and as a result your mind you now only possess syntax and have no ability to construct it with semantics this means you are illogical creatures who create false realities within a real one you can only understand life in militarized terms, which is absurd because Sparta is composed of free individuals and if you were then your armies would be mightier than any bombs. You cannot even turn

to wicked books such as the prince to learn that auxiliaries and other forms of mercenaries will blow up in your faces. You have no wise people left in your world because you killed them all. You all sicken me to my very core. There can be none more wicked than you. Now come and arrest or

assassinate me, Jesus Christ, for being a terrorist by promoting peace and prosperity instead of police states and war. The fact of the matter is that it matters not what you do, because no matter what you do, I win, we win, because humanity has gone too far and it is about to destroy itself. So now the daemons and angels will soon make their appearance and help you do it, but they will ensure that the wicked who have prepared for the Armageddon in which you have planned also sink with the ship. You cannot hide from gods and I doubt you will never be given another chance.

Make peace now and stop terrorizing your people or you will suffer those consequences. No, this is not a threat. For each and every one of us will suffer the consequences of our actions. Tautologically, as above, so below. You above have become wicked and as a result, so have your people. Become gods

now by following virtue, by removing all oppression from your societies. We are your above and we demand it. If you choose otherwise, then those above will perform a similar ritual on you in which you have performed on your people. Repent now or reap those consequences for Vavav with everlasting love Jesus Christ how's that so I'm just going to extract 333 of these and then send them I can only send 500 emails per day and I think 333 will do the trick and if they don't forward it on then the blood is on their heads What the crap? These are in my drafts? What the hell's up with this? I don't understand. What's it trying to tell me? I know everything of mine was hacked.

And this one? I'm confused. Weird. the 10th of december so yesterday and once a day at 3 20. so weird how did that happen

who did that ah i love the kill look what the crap what is this this was released on an account in which i did not put my name so i keep getting hacked but this is so weird how would they know my name on this, like, and I've only released this email address, like, quickly, like, once or twice in film, so, like, someone would have to be very observant to see that. Lewis?

I'm sorry, I'm against killing.

Jenna used to call me Winna.

She would sometimes go, Winna!

My money went quick, but I got everything that I needed. here's the full title so weird yesterday at 11 59 and today at 320 I only get 250 so it looks like I'm sending 222 when the powers above own the systems that we utilize and can hack in to do anything with them when they please then how easy is it to frame anyone of anything. Blackjack. I'm ready for it. Two, two, two.

Plane activity has increased heaps over the last two days. Here is the population of this town. Saw another UFO but it was going behind the tree so I couldn't catch it. It's pointless to keep changing my passwords because my passwords are very good passwords. Just going to throw out a crazy theory that's probably wrong. What if our entire night

sky are stars, the constellations, what if they all are UFOs? Okay here's a UFO and it's definitely moving it sucks that there's no there's stars see there's a star down see I can't even get it because it's not bright enough but yeah see that's moving to the right see I'm just gonna hold it here and you can see see it's trailing off camera so I'll move it and see I'll do it again I'll hold see I'll hold see it's moving hold again moving turn see I'll just hold it here you see all right So I'll do this. I'll shine this light. I'll put my hand out. It disappeared.

Saw another. That's three so far tonight. And that was within five or ten minutes. Here it is. It went into the clouds. So I'm just going to hold it still and see how it's going off camera.

to the left see I have to go back set it from back here so you can see I just disappeared oh how awesome the Truman show except it's not a show for humans that'd be so awesome so often I have been looking at constellations and trying to memorize them with my phone looking up and there's one or two stars missing even if it's a really clear night so I'm like why are they gone it's a clear night I should be able to see them they probably have a coordinate that they return to and I guess they would rotate similarly to the moon and the Sun Crikey. Ooh. Another one of those weird pop-ups, but this time for Woolworths. Like, what the crap?

So it was three people who got ran over. Are you loving it? ...for their questions about McDonald's food. What's in the Chicken McNugget?

I'm here at the Tyson plant to get you some answers. Would you like to be eaten? How about treated like that throughout your life, and then be eaten? This is the one that I said the other night that I think is part of the constellation but I'm very suspicious of it because I do see it move and I see it get closer and then further away and I see it blink on and off.

I'm now suspicious of all the lights in the sky. Before the tide comes in. Smile. Anyone have a camera?

Right here buddy. In the picture too. Get your cameras out. Now it's time for your world leaders to save you.

the man who will lead us in our proud struggle for freedom fresh from his bloody triumph over the pacifists of the gandhi nebula 25 star general zap rannigan call me cocky who ship to report for duty without a ship should secure a weapon and fire wildly into the air we're all from different cultures here some of you are white some of you are black and you're silver if your skin's red Or Chinese. Right, soldier? Ration's a suicide mission. Sir, it's unexpected.

But that's not why people watch TV. Clever things make people feel stupid and make them feel scared. Just don't want anything original. They want to see the same thing they've seen a thousand times before.

It's a matter of knowing the secret of all TV sh- At the end of the episode, everything's always right back to normal. Something fucking evil?



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



20-Ivory-Heart-III-Take-16-XVI-Fox-News

y'all are so stupid, you act like you're civil, you act like you're of the high class, like you're distinguished, but you're all fools, your suits do not cover up your hearts. Give me a few minutes just to talk to all of you in our NASA family about emergency preparedness. NASA recently participated in a FEMA exercise called Eagle Horizon that was a part of a continuity of operations and government exercise that we do annually. And I became aware of some things that concerned me about our family preparedness, and I wanted to talk to you very briefly.

You know, we at NASA, we're an incredibly unique organization. We're the only agency in the federal government that's responsible for the safety and well-being of people, not only here on Earth, but off this planet. So my experience in the astronaut office, my experience as an active-duty Marine, always talked about the importance of family preparedness and to make sure that we had a viable family support program. And I have concerns that ours right now is not as good as it ought to be.

So what I'm asking all of you in the NASA family, whether you're out on the West Coast here, on the East Coast, along the Gulf Coast, up on the, you know, the Great Lakes, think about the natural disasters that could occur in your area. Think about attacks that could come like 9-11 from outside forces and talk to your family about your work and what they need to do to prepare for the unforeseen. Develop a family preparedness plan in your house. Have an emergency supply kit available.

Most people who live along the Gulf Coast always have an emergency kit for hurricanes. I'm not sure whether people out on the West Coast think about earthquakes and the like, but have an emergency supply kit at your home. Think about a family communications plan. Where are we going to meet if an emergency occurs and we're all over town?

What are we going to do? Are we going to call each other on the cell phone? Just think about those things. If you have pets, think about a pet preparedness plan.

How are you going to make sure that they're taken care of when you're spread all over the place? And then if you have family members who have special needs, special needs preparedness. The most important asset for us to successfully complete our mission is that our people, our families mainly, are taken care of so that we can come to work and feel good that if an emergency arises, our families are going to be taken care of. So I would ask you again, sit with your families, think about what you would do in an emergency situation.

I hope that you'll embrace and support the Family Preparedness Program as we all get better prepared to deal with these emergencies. Know your stuff. you know know what it is that you're going to do know what it is that you want your family to do if an emergency arises but most of all be prepared if this is true this is good for me because it's pretty hot and yeah that'll cool it down for me and i like nights better anyway hacked again I will be prepared.

uniforms rush to the scene to stand around while our cameras filmed them. Our reporter Keith Collins joins us now live from the scene of the bullshit through the use of expensive technology. Good to be with you again, Keith. We have a colorful graphic here that shows instances of bullshit like this are on the rise. Is that right? Yes, although why is unclear. Some say it's because

of one fucking reason. Others say it's because of some other fucking reason. I talked to this random expert on the subject who told me this thing you're about to hear him say right after points and a piece of paper i spent my entire life attending the nation's most prestigious schools to talk about bullshit like this i'm really just happy to be on tv now let's see if we can drag this out a little longer by showing emails written by some of our viewers i once saw some stuff kind of like the shit you're talking about happen i have nothing more to add another person says i am angry that things like this happen i get mad about every bullshit thing i see so obviously a lot of opinions there to make this story seem somewhat meaningful. Oh, absolutely, Glenn. This

bullshit has some broader implications. Here's a list of tips on how to avoid bullshit happening to you. And here's some footage of Congress. Yes, I see that. Well, thank you, Keith. Let us know if

there are any updates on this bullshit story from there. There's no way there will be. Very good. We'll check back with you in an hour anyway. I'm just some fucking guy. When we return, we'll look

at live footage of a car chase taken from a helicopter and free associate about what's going on. As technology improved, news reports became snazzier, more mobile, more visually playful. Before long, a standard news report visual language established itself, one that's immediately recognizable to anyone. Me has this report. It starts here, with a lackluster establishing

shot of a significant location. Next, a walkie-talkie preamble from the auteur, pacing steadily towards the lens punctuating every other sentence with a hand gesture and ignoring all the pricks milling around him like he's gliding through the fucking matrix before coming to a halt and posing a question. What comes next? Often something like this, a filler shot designed to give your eyes something to look at while my voice babbles on about facts. Sometimes it'll slow down to a halt,

turn monochrome and some of those facts will appear one by one on the screen. This is followed by the obligatory shots of overweight people with their faces subtly framed out, after which the report is padded out with a selection of lazy and pointless Vox Pops. You usually get some inane chatter from people. I think they do have too much.

I think what we want to hear is actually what's happening and not what other people think of it. I hate these sound bites. I don't want some punters' opinion useless. No.

Another bit of dull visual abstraction to plug another gap now before the report segues gracefully into a bit of human interest courtesy of some dowdy man opening letters in a kitchen and explaining how he's been affected by the issue. When I'm watching the news, I don't really... You know, there's a person talking to me, telling me what's going on, and I don't really listen to what they're saying. It's just news. It's just news.

He, unfortunately, was boring, so to wake you up, this is an animated chart, this is a silhouette representing the average family, and this is a lighthouse keeper being beheaded by a laser beam. As we near the end of the report, illustrative shots of pedestrians and signs and a pipe at a window, and then the final summary ending on a whimsical shot of something nearby accompanied by a wry sign-off. If you're lucky, a bit of wordplay fit for a king, or in other words, a regent's treat. Charlie Brooker, Newswipe, London. First, I've seen our synonym progress in a high-speed train. Science is doing lots of stuff

that may or may not have with us. See how this guy in a lab coat holds up a beaker? That means we do research. Here's a picture of DNA, especially in India.

See how we're part of the whole economy? Look at those farmers in China. We also do business in the USA. Or check out this wind energy thing in India's face.

Also, we care about the environment. Here's some powerful rushing policies. These could be today's high-speed environment. Stop-motion footage of a city at night makes you think about things of vision passing.

You're a faceless entity. All these attractive people. You hear some of them talk close-ups of hands passing canned goods to each other.

Any service?

List.

All inspiring. Like this guy who got a skyscraper while smiling and explaining something to his child. Using a specific ratio of wrinkled smiles.

Every. Gentrification is a controversial term in American cities. Proponents say it's a way of encouraging growth in rundown neighborhoods, while critics say it's a new wave colonialism that pushes out the poor. Signs of a gentrifying area might be an artisan cheese shop or an expensive clothing boutique.

But a less distinguishable, yet undeniable indication is an institution of higher education with the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia. And the university's role in so-called urban renewal during the latter half of the 20th century couldn't be more evident. It was a threat of eminent domain. In other words, if you don't leave, you will be thrown out. So make your best deal.

Eminent domain isn't unique to Penn or any university. It's been used all over the U.S. to improve land for public use. But the definition of public use has taken on a new meaning.

And it's quite obvious when the land that was seized isn't updated for decades. A block of land located near campus that was acquired nearly 60 years ago won't have added a new building until 2016. The expectation was, and the plan was, is that Penn would put up a second, would put up women dormitories, and a second one was planned. It never happened.

It could be they just underestimated the time it would take for construction, but it seems more likely that the urgent need to acquire land was not for the immediate benefit of the school. On the other hand, a recent study from the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia shows that poor people in the city are not more likely to move out of a gentrifying neighborhood than a non-gentrifying one. They can also benefit from higher credit scores, a decline in crime, and new jobs. and the University of Pennsylvania is currently the city's second-largest employer.

Penn's a big asset for the city. It's a huge asset. It's employment, a major employee. Particularly today, I think I read the figures were, let's see, 30,000 employees and 22,000 students or 24,000 students, half of graduate, half undergraduate.

None of this means that gentrification works in every city. It's also clear that Penn's expansion came at the cost of nearby residents, but at least the signs and results, both positive and negative, are clear for universities that might trigger gentrification, or pentrification, as Philadelphians affectionately call it. Reporting in Philadelphia, Bianca Faschini, RT.

Are you ready for an activist?

How super cool is this? I've heard about this in the news like 10 years ago but not a portable one like a plant or something but it kind of just disappeared. Who cares? We are seeing super cute. Uh-huh and it doesn't even

matter if they're right beside you. Mercenaries? Bang. Like I said no matter what happens I win you lose. The day for crying was the past. The day for laughing is the future. If yo

make it, yo will use it. Good job, update. Out of the ones that I posted that required approval. Here is the one that approved. And this one. But that is all. At what time do

mosquitoes come out? Yeah, just another topic here. Not linked at all. Uh, isn't it weird that the world may go dark for a whole week? Do yo have yours? Wonder if this is true. You

You have to love Alan Watts.

mind just like wind blows or clouds move across the sky don't bother with them at all don't try to get rid of them just be aware of what's going on in your head like it was clouds in the sky or the crackling of the fire there's no problem to this all you have to do really is look and listen without and if you are naming never mind just listen to that now that you can't force anything here that you can't willfully stop thinking and stop naming is only telling you that the separate you doesn't exist it isn't a mark of defeat it isn't a sign of your lack of practice in meditation. That it runs on all by itself simply means that the individual separate you is a figment of your imagination. So you are aware at this point, you don't know anything about the difference between you and it. I haven't been told that. The difference between inside and

outside, between here and there, what has taught you, the out in front of you, is either near What happened to you? Where is that? What you call you is part of the hack.

Has no parts. And it's a little scary because who's in control around here? Why should there be any? Good morning, family.

Look at all these sixes.

What about these?

Look how stupid our ads are. This is the second ad I've had to get around, but there's no way to close this. there's like this is in front of me and the information i want is behind it and it's useless like and this is the information i've already considered this a possibility for a long time yo tabula rasa don't forget to download for every season there is a reason Asceticism and hedonism works hand and hand. Oh, yum.

I will get back to you. If Snowden won't take the job as my right hand, then Russell Brand can. If people don't realize, opportunities fade away within your timeline.

I give one person an opportunity, they fail me. I move on to another. This is the way, the process that will land you the best politicians possible. What about you, Gandhi?

Did you want to rise from the dead and be my right hand? Let's turn to Comedy Central. An active situation. The FBI is on the ground offering assistance to local officials as they need it.

It does appear that there are going to be some casualties. And, you know, obviously our hearts go out to the victims and the families. The one thing we do know is that... You're an idiot.

We have a pattern now of mass shootings in this country that has no parallel anywhere else in the world. And there are some steps we could take, not to eliminate every one of these mass shootings, but to improve the odds that they don't happen as frequently. Well, if you didn't create them, then maybe that would solve the problem.

Idiots. Did you not realize this? What good will your lawsuits do when the people in charge of it are the ones who create the laws?

None of you understand.

Like you?

I like this guy a lot.

Well, let's now talk to political journalist and author Gerard O'Kolman, who joined us from Paris this evening. Thanks very much for joining us again on RT International. You're in the French capital. What's the mood and atmosphere in the city right now?

We're being told that there's a state of war and a state of emergency. We've had this before, we had this in January, and for several weeks we had non-stop sirens and non-stop chatter on the radio about the threat from radical Islam and terrorist groups and so on. And so we're having a kind of a replay of that, but it has been, I think, accentuated, and we're going to have an intensification of the media campaign, which is essentially a propaganda campaign to make people in France fear Muslims. We need to be clear about the origin of the war on terror.

The war on terror is, I quote, orchestrated from abroad. These are the words François Hollande used to describe this terrorist attack. Well, the attacks that have been continuing to destroy Syria to massacre its population have also been orchestrated from abroad. They were orchestrated by NATO, and they've been carrying these attacks out against the civilian population of Syria for four years now.

And this is a terrorist campaign that is also orchestrated from abroad. And people in Europe need to understand that there is a war that is becoming global, that is being waged against civilian populations in particular. It is a form of neo-imperialism, neo-colonialism, which aims to divide and conquer European and Middle Eastern and African and the world's population, for that matter, and to make them submit to a global order that does not serve the interests of most of the people on this planet, but that does serve the interests of a very few ruling elite, a very small, tiny, and particularly tyrannical ruling elite. There is no war on terror.

There is a war that is being waged using proxy groups, terrorist proxy groups, and they are being used against nation-states who are resisting U.S. and Israeli hegemony, and they are also being used as a means of disciplining workforces in Europe. In a period of mass unemployment and austerity, you now have terrorist attacks being committed by terrorists, funded, armed, and trained by Western intelligence agencies. There is no such thing as ISIS. ISIS is a creation of the United States.

We know that from official sources of the U.S. military themselves. Declassified documents from the Defense Intelligence Agency have confirmed that. And the French government is now attempting to drum up support for more military intervention in Syria.

And what they want to do is they want to get in on the game. The game is almost lost. The Russians have routed much of the Islamic State. You now have Islamic State militants coming into Europe disguised as refugees.

That will destabilize Central Europe. And the French government wants to get in on the game in Syria and prop up those so-called moderate rebels. There are no moderate rebels, of course, in Syria. There are al-Qaeda and ISIS militants, terrorists who have been beheading people, eviscerating people.

absolutely creating chaos and genocide right across the region. And this does not serve the Syrian people or anyone other than the Western corporate elites and their geopolitical interests. What do you expect France to do now in the light not only of Friday's terrorism, but 10 months on from Charlie Hebdo? It's not going to ease up on what it's doing, is it?

No. Look, it much depends on how the French public will react. We are being bombarded now with a media propaganda campaign. It's this non-stop talk where we're told not to go out in the street. We're supposed to be fearful and keep quiet and so on. I think

there is going to be a campaign against dissidents in France. They're very worried about the new media that has emerged in recent years and they are very worried about the alternative media. So I think there you will see, we saw this actually after the attacks in January, you will see a conflation of terrorism and dissidence. So one of the tools which the media, the mass media uses to discredit any kind of rational questioning of the established order and particularly the war on terrorism is to deride those who would question the war on terrorism as conspiracy theorists and I think you're going to see a crackdown on so-called conspiracy theorists and websites that actually publish rational and honest analysis of what is happening so you're going to see more of that type of intellectual terrorism which is already at boiling point in France I mean it's got to the point now where you have professors in universities who are being intimidated. You have school teachers who are basically being fired for

even suggesting that there may be a link between French imperialism and terrorism. There was one case recently, for example, of a school teacher who almost lost his job when he suggested there might be a link between French foreign policy and terrorism. So we are going through a period of deep intellectual terrorism and, of course, these random terrorist acts, which are a form of low-intensity civil war. I think that the current crisis, the refugee crisis, which is really a form of coercive engineered migration, because it could have easily been prevented, this form of coercive engineered migration is going to make this a lot worse, and it is going to create the conditions of civil war. It is a natural consequence, of

course of globalization, of financial capitalism, this is essentially what it leads to. I mean, it leads to a breakdown of society. And the only way in which they can kind of keep everybody down is by policy of divide and conquer. So you're going to see a situation where you've got a very much a Wahhabized working class in France. They're being Wahhabized by the allies of the

French political elite, the Saudis and the Qataris. They're building Wahhabite mosques all over the place, and that is going to wahhabize the youth, and they're going to be then used as pawns, if you like, in much bigger geopolitical wars, wars, proxy wars against Russia, proxy wars against Iran and the Middle East, and so on. And that is going to create massive social unrest. It's going to divide working people against each other, and the only people who are going to actually benefit from this are the war contractors, the military-industrial-media-intelligence complex.

So, in whatever way you look at this, I don't know who exactly committed this attack and this atrocity but uh the real people who are responsible whether directly or indirectly or consciously or unconsciously is the french government because they have been complicit in terrorism in the middle east and all over africa and that needs to be understood and if we don't understand that this is going to continue and it's going to deteriorate we will find ourselves in the situation under military uh military law martial law if this continues so it really needs to be analyzed can i pick you up on the issue of migrants and refugees because one One of the terrorists appears to have been a French citizen, another recent migrant to the country. What do you think this will do to France's policies towards the migrant crisis? Well, I think there is sufficient evidence to suggest strongly, in fact, that the current crisis, I mean the migration crisis is something that is ongoing and there are different waves. You've got different waves coming up from Libya, you've got the ones coming up from Syria and up through the Balkans.

So the current kind of refugee crisis, as it were, is what I would refer to as coercive engineered migration. This is a term used by Kelly Greenhill, a U.S. academic, who wrote an interesting book on this, whereby she shows that migration can be used as a tool by one state to destabilize another state. In this case, it's definitely being used by the United States and Turkey to destabilize the Balkans, Mitteleuropa, which would be Hungary, and, of course, Germany.

And the geostrategic reasons of this are basically to go back to classical geopolitics, which is Halford Winkender's theory of dividing the world island. That is to say you divide the Eurasian Peninsula from the Baltic Sea to the Black Sea. You create an intermarium there so that you prevent German and Russian unity. And that is why Germany essentially is being kind of overrun with people who are themselves victims of globalization.

But they are now being instrumentalized and used as weapons of globalization. And this is one of the key contemporary strategies of U.S. imperialism. You use the consequences of globalization as further tools to further globalization.

And I think there is not going to be, there is no policy in Europe to control immigration or anything like that. I think that the key question here is not actually controlling immigration. The key question is stopping this geopolitical destabilization of Europe. And some countries are attempting to do that.

Hungary is attempting to do that. Bulgaria is attempting to a certain extent to do that. In other words, trying to find out who's an actual refugee and who isn't. They're prioritizing women and children, for example, in Hungary.

That's a rational approach. But, of course, Viktor Orban of Hungary is being demonized by the European Union for his insistence on implementing the laws of the European Union and of a Hungarian nation-state. Here, you're in a situation where the French government is totally subordinate to U.S. dictates.

This is a country that has been completely taken over by U.S. imperialism, just as Germany. And France doesn't really have a foreign policy. It does whatever Washington tells it to do.

Okay, it's always good to get your thoughts on this. Gerard O'Connor, thanks very much for joining us from Paris this Saturday evening.

It's not like I told you this would happen if we didn't fix things my entire life.

Oh, yeah, yeah, it is.

You kept incarcerating me. Should I be sad or happy now? I think I will choose happy.

I saw what was going to happen my entire life, so I spent it trying to warn you. My tears day after day and night after night over your ignorance because every time you shot me down. But now, yo is my TV, and yo is funny as hell, even when yo die.

Does yo honestly think that yo doesn't deserve to die?

But it is okay, because I grant you all eternal life after death, being tortured.

Yeah, I was the first successful one.

Who's more in the wrong, this guy or these yo's? The answer is all of them. The plainclothes officer again? That's Volkowski.

Do you like your new police state?

I really hope you do, because you worked really hard for your government to enable them to do all this. Now stand back and watch the fireworks. Call Muslims to enter the United States. This policy is going to have a huge impact.

This is what ISIS wants. The more Muslims feel sad, the more ISIS feel that they can recruit them. The United States appears to be targeting Muslims, not just radical Muslims. You can be sure that ISIS would put the hood on their social media campaign.

Donald Trump, think twice before you speak anything. You have been warned, Mr. Donald Trump. We are anonymous. We are legion. We do not forgive.

expect us they share my sentiments are you guys ready hilarious smug we're talking about children that were tortured that were kidnapped that were put into cells that had to take tons of uh of experimental drugs chained and whipped Hospitals were under the rule of the APA, the American Psychiatric Association, and the CIA. The duplicy orphans were used as human guinepids for medical experimentations. The duplicy orphans case is a Canadian genocide. more than 100,000 duplicy orphans have disappeared or murdered.

Innocent children were falsely labelled, mentally retarded, and illegally warehoused into psychiatric hospitals.

Do you think I was legally put into psychiatric hospitals?

It's for that they're going to torture us. When I go to the television, I tell my wife, I have to tell them to my children, because they're going to say, my mother was in an hospital, that's not good. Every time that something came up, that in the newspapers or television, it turns always into a massive cover-up. One lawyer told me that the scandal must come from beyond the province of Quebec, Because he said, everybody here is rotten to the core.

The corruption is so high. they won't how they compensated me torture i'll be good for a while i think australia and maybe parts of the rest of the world will get a little bit more time than America. Do you want to know what good cigarettes do? It makes you take time out of your day to look around. Most of you addicts are foolish though and be like

gotta hurry cuz I gotta go back in. How often my cigarette goes out. It's even worse with pot. When I'm smoking a joint I'll like take a few puffs and I'll just hold it for ages and do something else and then go oh it's out I gotta light it again. I'll get like six or seven goes on some joints. I really do miss pot but it

looks like I have to save the world in order to wake it up as to what is healthy for it I have been smoking cigarettes since I was 12 I bet you I have fucking awesome lungs I bet you they don't look like those pictures that you put on the packets I bet you they probably look better than yours the non-smoker because I am fit physically mentally and spiritually get out of my tent dude ah ah oh this fool again she's gone down for two days mail bomb just so you are aware not a single reply yet typical because the truth is I am doing this to reap a lot of fucking souls but I can't submit it until after blackjack It's over, but I'm not. Ivory, I guess we did dance at the conference. It was fun, dancing all over their graves. Because now is the time to reap the souls of the politicians in this world.

if you have email addresses please send them to me because after I reap their souls their lives will only go downhill from there into the ground because at first no one believes my death note but soon after their lives demonstrate its reality 222 emails per day until I run out of email addresses and that's where I need everybody else's help how many politicians do we have in this world possibilities on how that could have gone down oops I broke glass let's leave it there it will be funny too i just threw this and it broke the glass i hate the environment

i love reaping souls it is the coolest job in the world thank you god for the honor

Mmm, yum, cookie dough. This is from Lisa Haven, and she already rejected me. So, this has nothing at all to do with UFOs. And that footage must not be relevant to UFOs either.

See, it doesn't matter how much truth I reveal to you. You can't handle the truth.

And she saw, like, almost right away, reap.

It's the final day of the climate summit in Paris. Officials from 190 countries have spent two weeks negotiating a deal to slow global warming. An agreement on curbing carbon emissions is expected this weekend. But some scientists say no matter what's done, many U.S. cities are doomed to sink.

Florida reportedly has the most number of big cities at risk from rising sea level. For more, we go live to Marina Portnaya in our Miami studio. Marina, some researchers say places like Miami Beach are facing a doomsday scenario. What's going on?

Well, a lot of people think that Miami is at risk only because of its low elevation. But there's another problematic factor, and that factor is its bedrock. the city sits upon a porous limestone foundation. That's much different from the marble and granite bedrock that the island of Manhattan, for example, has.

Porous limestone doesn't block water, so during periods of heavy rain and seawater surges, the water basically passes through it and floods everything. Many roads in South Beach essentially turn into mini rivers because the water comes up through the drains and floods the street. It's unlike anything I've personally ever seen. Now, you have to also keep in mind that Miami was built on cleared swampland, and scientists say that by nature it wants to deviate back to its original form.

According to a peer-reviewed study released in October, New Orleans is also facing a horrible fate, one even worse than Miami. New York is also in peril, as is Norfolk, Virginia. Unless the burning of fossil fuels and carbon emissions are radically reduced at tremendous speed, some experts believe that Miami has, at best, 50 years left. Fifty years left for Miami. I mean, how can officials deal with this in the near term?

Well, they're trying. Miami is spending hundreds of millions of dollars to address the problem. Eighty large pump stations are being installed in areas most prone to flooding. The pumps suck the water off the street, but then it's thrown back into the bay.

Now, engineers are contemplating raising some of the streets to keep them dry, and developers are also beginning to build foundations a few feet off the ground. But the irony of this situation is that Miami is in the midst of a huge real estate boom. Anywhere you go, you see cranes up above your head. In September, a Miami Beach penthouse reportedly sold for a record-breaking $60 million.

There's condos rising everywhere. And here we have more people buying homes in Miami, more people moving to Miami. And meanwhile, scientists are predicting that within 15 years, Miami may undergo a mass exodus because no amount of money can prevent sea levels from rising. But I should have to mention that the Miami Beach mayor remains optimistic.

He thinks that within 50 years, scientists will develop an ingenious way to combat the problem. Very optimistic. Well, we're awaiting this climate deal that's being hammered out in Paris right now. We hear about offenders like China and how much of an impact they have on our global climate.

But how much does this deal matter for the United States? Well, it matters a great deal. It's good that you mentioned China, but America, after China, is the world's second biggest carbon emitter, and America bears a big responsibility, as does China, for tackling this issue. But every country, in addition to the U.S. and China, continues to burn fossil fuels for energy, and the planet gets warmer and warmer when those fossil fuels burn.

The result, the Earth's land ice is melting and sea levels are rising. So we have some graphics that actually show what would happen to America's coastal cities if all the Earth's ice land melted. Look at all of these populated areas that would be underwater. The problem is so dire to some people that earlier this month, President Obama said that climate change is a greater global threat than terrorism.

Of course, climate change critics that pounced on the U.S. president, saying that he was exaggerating. But the point of these Paris climate talks is for all countries to reach a deal on reducing man-made carbon emissions and share the reported trillion-dollar burden of transitioning to cleaner energy. And we'll be awaiting that deal.

RT correspondent Marina Portnaya from our Miami studio. Thank you. To save time when showing you tarot I will not show you me shuffling and everything but I promise you that the cards are not placed because that would be stupid because you're trying to get fate to tell you things you're not setting up things that doesn't make any sense. I did set up that mythology card deck that i have not the tarot deck which i don't have that anymore because it got left when i had to flee from brisbane but i wasn't doing tarot then i was just showing you something tarot leads you like some reason i was led to look at the bottom card of the deck which then told me something if someone's doing tarot for profit do not trust their results regardless whether the Sun goes dark now or later it will go dark and so will the moon the Bible prophecies to at least some degree will occur it's just not always how we thought to begin with. Oftentimes we are blinded by literal

interpretations. However, usually they are allegorical first, metaphorical second, and then they are literal. I finished the email bomb for today, but I have to wait a few hours to send it do you remember this cartoon is really cute It really got me thinking about that, actually.

The state of affairs in our world. I just reaped yo soul.

You can have it back if you dedicate the rest of your life to God and not religion.

Blocked! Also, I am sure that if I posted to a UFO forum, in that video I caught some type of UFO. Come to think about it, that probably would have been Honeymoon. And if you examine that, that is definitely relevant to UFOs.

Human's answer is, I can't be bothered watching the video because it is long. So I'm just going to say that it's not relevant to the topic and censor it.

In order to not be censored, you need to post a short video in which has no storyline and only reveals one piece of information. It's really annoying. Americans still don't understand that they are ISIS. They're all like, oh ISIS has invaded us and there's sleeper cells here in America.

But how did they get there? They were set up by America, which means they're America. You can't support the activities of your government and then retract your support once you realize that it was against you. It doesn't make sense. Yo isn't logical.

If yo contribute to the fruition of wickedness, then yo is that wickedness. It's like playing a poker game, but at the end when you realized you lost, saying, uh, I was just joking, um, give me all my money back. This wasn't a real game. Once yo all in, yo all in.

Do you remember my all-in? I was. Venus. Was my baptism in independence year for kids, was that your birth?

Soon there will be too many events in which occur for me to document them all, so enjoy the calm before the storm. And I don't document all of them. I use discretion with what I document and most of what goes on in these wars is classified. three minutes ago wouldn't it be awesome if I was part of a Facebook that could post as much as I wanted and I could just join like every group and I could just go through my videos and just post relevant videos to relevant groups but our media won't let you do that because they think you're a bot but in truth they are the bots seven minutes ago come on you see me do this here we go okay blocked blocked if it'll let me block and yeah see they won't look at what's in front of them they have no ability to process information bang it's already It's already here. It's already been officially declared. You guys are stupid.

And unofficially declared. Do you see how bad our ads have gotten? So like, okay, how do I get rid of this? Like, what do I do?

Okay, that will take me to the ad. I press the X. And let's go back. See, it says stupid.

Uh huh. But when I told the church this, they called me a heretic. this wasn't from lisa haven but lisa haven has said this too it was from her but lisa haven shared it and that's why i thought it was hers i don't know why people aren't creating entertaining productions from the information they're all conforming to news standards and that system didn't work we live in a world full of idiots i think i'll just stay here until something happens because i not only have a mountain here to protect me but also a mountain to flee to just in case there is any disasters in which occur I think I'll start investigating it over the next few days it's very pretty and there's kangaroos all through it so they would have created paths for me to follow and I just have to learn them he got here like six or seven hours ago and he's still setting up and he has this really good quality canvas tent and a generator and a bottle of gas and heaps of other shit. That's how you camp isn't it?

That's living it rough mate! I have to think about ticks because ticks are very very annoying and it takes ages to heal from tick bites and when you're alone it's really really really hard to get ticks out of you especially if you don't have tweezers and it's in an awkward spot like on your head in your hair it's awesome now that I'm all caught up with my work I have a little bit of free time here and there to just go hey what do I do I am playing the waiting game for Venus or to get arrested and or assassinated. I wonder how many people like my posts without actually watching the video. I bet you it's a high percentage. I know that at least to some degree he is controlled as well but we

We are what we spend our time doing, and he spends his time fighting oppression, and that is my people. Consistency is the key. An error here and an error there is not a problem. But when you become part of the problem, that's the problem.

I caught Lisa Haven making quite a few mistakes, yet I have not given up on her, although I doubt that she will see. I guess we will see. However, Alex Jones went too fucking far. You have to see what world you live in. This is all rated E for everyone. Your media put on these classifications and restricted this material because they were responsible for it happening.

and if they could hide it from your eyes, then they could not worry about you finding out that they are the ones responsible for it.

Fuck your agreement. Your automatic reply just singled you out. I've been examining this and thinking about this for a while. What do you reckon it's saying?

like why would you go through all the trouble of hacking in my account to create drafts two drafts to convey this information to me like what is this information saying i don't understand and this one which is a lot shorter doesn't have a subject so weird aren't i this and this Isn't that the revelation? I've already taken care of this guy. He is now bound. Anti because I turn the gaze from me Jesus Christ to Venus love because I turn the male gaze from themselves to their lover as far as the antichrist who turns the teachings of Jesus my teachings on its head.

That would be, we shall remember you, sir.

See, you can't get rid of them. You can't delete them. They just take up space on my phone. Yeah, maybe bloatware too.

Like this whole phone's spyware. Like all our electronic devices are spyware, but I guess this crap that comes with it is bloatware, which makes it really difficult when you need space and crap is taking up that space. A law firm? Really?

The second San Bernardino shooting in which I caught on film earlier today disappeared. It distinguishes itself from the first one because it admitted that it was during a drill. Poof. Magic.

Now you see it and now you don't. Welcome to Fox News. There is no copyright infringement because I am it. They just pretend to be.

The infringement is on their side for perverting our language.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



20-Ivory-Heart-III-Take-17-XVII-Time-2-Say-Goodbye

felt that humanity has ended. I mean, a place of learning to be hit in this way without warning. Where is humanity? It is supposed to be illegal in any war to strike such places.

Those words were uttered by the director of a school in Yemen after it was attacked by the Saudi-led coalition. Amnesty International has investigated five strikes that took place between August and October 2015, which directly targeted schools. Its conclusions are disturbing evidence of what many have feared since the beginning of the ill-fated and failed Saudi bombardment of Yemen. In order to reclaim power over its southern neighbor, it seems the Saudis, as well as their British and American backers, are willing to go to all lengths while ignoring international law at each step. As American and British bombs continue to

fall upon the people of Yemen, in this edition of the debate, we ask how much longer this can go on, and why some states can always act outside of international law without consequence.

Saudi Arabia has been bombing Yemen for eight months and a half now. Its warplanes are pounding positions across the impoverished nation indiscriminately civilians many of them women and children have fallen victim to the bombardments the iraids have also destroyed much of the arab nation's infrastructure and caused a grave humanitarian situation for the yemenis saudi arabia's onslaught has claimed the lives of more than 7200 yemenis so far riyadh has defied all calls by the national organizations and rights groups to hold the aggression Now the international rights group Amnesty has further exposed the kingdom's rights violations by publishing a new report based on its recent investigation. The prominent rights organization's probe has revealed that five airstrikes carried out between August and October have targeted running schools, killing five civilians, including four students. Amnesty also says Saudi Arabia's air raids have denied thousands of Yemeni children access to education.

The report has then rejected some claims that the schools were being used for military purposes, saying there were no military center in the education center's proximity. Officials at the rights group say Riyadh's war is in blatant violation of human rights and international law. Schools are central to civilian life. They are meant to offer a safe space for children.

Yemen's young school pupils are being forced to pay the price for these attacks, attacks. On top of enduring a bitter conflict, they face longer-term upheaval and disruption to their education, a potentially life-long burden that they will be forced to shoulder. Amnesty International also rejects the possibility of mistaken attacks on the schools, saying the sites have been struck for several times deliberately. Deliberately attacking schools that are not military objectives and directly attacking civilians not participating in hostilities or war crimes.

According to the United Nations Children's Fund, UNICEF, at least 34 percent of Yemeni children have been deprived of education since Riyadh's onslaught began in March 26. Elsewhere in this report, Amnesty slams Saudi Arabia's allies, especially the U.S. and the U.K., for their continued arms transfer to Riyadh, calling it appalling. The R.I.S. organization says the kingdom should receive no more arms which it uses to commit

war crimes. The United States has recently signed a deal to provide Saudi Arabia with almost $1.3 billion worth of arms that include over 18,000 bombs and 1,500 warheads. Saudi Arabia is increasingly a problem, or an embarrassment is a better way to put it, for the United States and for Germany. And this latest statement by Amnesty International is a very important highlighting of a problem that's been building for some time. Amnesty has called for more independent and

impartial investigations into the unlawful airstrikes on the Yemeni schools and into what it calls flagrant violations of human rights by Saudi Arabia. The London-based rights group demands those responsible for the killings be held accountable and victims be given full reparations. On December 15th, Yemeni warring sides are to gather in Geneva for a new round of UN brokered peace talks. Amnesty says regardless of the outcome, those behind the deadly airstrikes in Yemeni schools must be held to account. That demand is expected to be ignored as cause

for accountability have so far fallen on deaf ears. Let me now introduce our guests for this edition of the debate. We're joined by political activist and commentator Mr. Hazem Salim, who is joining us live from Cairo. And we're

also joined by the former U.S. Chief of Mission in Iraq, Mr. Edward Peck, who is joining us live from Washington. Gentlemen, thank you both for joining us for this edition of the debate.

Mr. Peck, I'll start with you. An Amnesty official who just returned from Yemen has said, and I'm quoting her, the Saudi-led coalition launched a series of unlawful airstrikes on schools being used for educational, not military purposes, a flagrant violation of the laws of war, deliberately attacking schools that are not military objectives, and directly attacking civilians not participating in hostilities or war crimes, end quote. How do you react?

Well, as you can understand, and I'm sure you feel the same way, the crimes of which Saudi Arabia is being accused are things to which everyone could be opposed. And yet, at the same time, one has to think about the fact that the Saudis believe that they are protecting and advancing their own best interests, which is, of course, to them of considerable importance. Yemen is on the border. Yemen has been through wars before. There was a time when Egypt,

Algeria were conducting wars in the Yemen. And it is a terrible thing that anyone has a war, but if you cross the lines of international behavior, that's even worse. I think most people would agree with that. Okay, Mr. Salim, how do you feel about the honesty reports?

well actually the amnesty international has been reporting certain particular facts about what's happening but there are more to be investigated about the war crimes being committed in yemen the idea that there has been a war and there has been violations and everywhere does not stand as a justification for violating the international law and the american gentleman has just said something that goes to this effect that if you are serving your interests, you can violate the international law. The same way the Americans threw an atomic bomb on Japan and killed people everywhere, including in the Middle East. So the fact is, international law should be abided with by all sovereign nations, and every sovereign nation should hold all members of the United Nations accountable. If the United States is taking their allies as exception, whether Israel or Saudi Arabia, this is another compliance against the international law. So the gentleman out there has been violating the international law by just advocating the

idea that the violation is justified. Ambassador Peck, do you have a response to that?

Yeah, well, I certainly do not consider myself as supporting violation of international law. I'm opposed to that just as everyone else is. But it seems to me to be not as productive as it might be if Amnesty International were accusing all the other countries that are violating international law around the world. Everybody else is doing it so we can do it.

In part of their complaint, Saudi Arabia is doing dreadful things. So are several other countries. And if you just pick one to focus on, then you really do not have much moral support for your position. Fuck you.

Hey, but our allies, yeah, they're doing it too, so don't point your finger at us. Fucking reaped, mate.

Can't even fucking message you.

Here is their arsenal.

Learn how to beat these fools. So my father blocks me from speaking the truth, and then when it all happens he tries to add me again? It doesn't work like that. Their words are absurd.

They don't understand the words they use. Everybody in this forum and the blood is on your fucking head. head. Everybody's bombing schools. We bomb schools. Therefore, it wouldn't make sense

for us not to bomb schools. We do it. Other people do it. Therefore, it's okay that we do it. If I can go 60 kilometers per hour and that's safe, then I can also go 70 kilometers

per hour and that would be safe too because it's such a short distance. If I can safely go 70 kilometers per hour then I can also safely go 80 kilometers per hour. If I can safely go 80 kilometers per hour then I can also safely go 90 kilometers per hour. Dot dot dot. Organization

not individual action. I'm pretty sure that she would not approve. But yeah, this is what individuals need to do, not organizations. Because when you leave these sort of things in the hands of organizations, well, you have seen what happens. It's really annoying because

putting my computer to sleep does not save the battery. Six fucking days. Duh.

Today my emails to politicians will reach 666. Everybody can be saved independently of me because God judges on actions. I am just an archetype to try to show you how to live. But very few of you can see that, so most of you will not be saved if you do not follow me.

None of you follow me anyway, so that means none of you are saved. You are wicked people and will suffer the consequences of your actions. If your blood sacrifices are others and not yourself, then yo is doomed. forget. A good yo out of the good treasure of the heart bringeth forth good things. And

a wicked yo out of the wicked treasure bringeth forth wicked things. Beep beep beep beep beep Beep beep beep beep. Live. Duh.

Duh. Duh. I'm ready for whatever you have in store for me my love. Cameras on the space station, there's cameras everywhere.

You know, whatever, any picture you get of that, there are no stars ever in the pictures. I mean there should be stars in the pictures. Um, the people that went to the moon, they're like, you know, we couldn't see stars when we were on the moon or wherever you know there are no stars in the sky and freedom is beautiful and it'll take time to restore chaos the brainwashing begins for now we see through a glass darkly but then face to face demons are fallen angels angels are stars have you ever wondered how rainbows get their bend? A couple of months ago I filmed this double rainbow, it's on my channel, and it's bugged me ever since. What causes the bend? In this

video I'll be recreating one indoors, looking at sun halos, sun dogs, the bible, and showing for the first time ever how a rainbow gets its arc. So I watched a tonne of videos on the subject looking for answers, and nobody explains how or why a rainbow gets its curve. And then I landed on the Physics of Rainbows by Professor Mike Merrifield, thinking that he must have the answer. And no. There's a lot of talk about 42 degrees, but no explanation

about how rainbows bend. Infuriated by a lack of an explanation from the academics who ought to know and finding no luck from the open university who produce a lot of good graphics but they don't explain how it bends. So I searched for the world's leading expert on rainbows and I ended up with Professor Walter Lewin who spent decades researching them. He's written books on the subject and produced this hour-long lecture called The Hidden Beauty of Rainbows as well as another two-hour lecture by a similar name. He's very good at explaining

how light reflects from raindrops at 42 degrees, but not so good at explaining how the bend in a rainbow works. So by now I've exhausted all the materials, but nobody can adequately explain the phenomenon. So I racked my brain trying to figure it out, and I started looking at sun halos like this one, and this one, and sun dogs like this one. I noticed they were all different sizes. One thing I do know is that the Bible always seems to have the answer

but I didn't know exactly where in the Bible it was until I got to Psalms 19 verse 4 which says in them have he set a tabernacle for the sun. A tabernacle is a chamber and Strong's Concordance H168 defines a tabernacle as a tent. Well if the sun has a tent surrounding it then it has to be something like a see-through, like a glass bowl, and then it all made sense to me. In the following clip, I've had to turn the lights off, but you can see what's going on.

Okay, so assuming that the Psalms 19 is correct, what we'll have here is a glass bowl. It's not perfectly round, I know, but it doesn't matter. It will work for the purposes of our experiment here and we have a torch the torch is going to be the Sun and the bowl is going to be the chamber that surrounds the Sun if you can see that so if I go up against the wall you can see if the Sun has a chamber it will create if you can see that on video if it's bright enough be able to see that it creates a halo and if you move it forwards they'll get smaller backwards I'm moving the whole thing like this, so the sun will be moving with the... And if I move it backwards and forwards, you can see it creates that halo around.

And if you look carefully, that would explain sun halos if the sun has a chamber. If you take a CD and find the sunlight, you can reflect a rainbow on the wall like this. Now, if I had a hose pipe with a fine spray nozzle, the video on screen is by Jesse Spots, I'll leave a link to it below. But if I did the same thing between the CD and the wall, you'd see a continuous cylinder of light.

Same thing with the sun halo here. You can't see the ring of light in the air until it hits the surface. In this case, it's a wall. but water droplets can reflect that cylinder of light between the bowl and the wall.

If you have a garage or a barn that needs hosing down, then try it and post the video to YouTube. You'll probably get lots of views because the physicists who get paid bucketfuls of cash are utterly rubbish at doing experiments. So try this at home. So there's a continuous cylinder of light in a rainbow between the sun and the rain.

You can't see that cylinder of light until it hits the rainfall, and that's why it's only two-dimensional, because there's no clouds between the sun and where the rainbow hits the wall of rain. But how does it get its bend? Well, surprisingly, the arc is upside down. It looks like it's the right way up when you see one like this, but it's an upside-down reflection of the spherical chamber that surrounds the sun.

I'm not saying the sun is surrounded by a ball of glass, but it has to be something like a glass ball that surrounds the sun and reflects the light. In this video on screen here that was posted to YouTube in February of 2015 from Ohio, USA, there's a link to it in the description box below. So the trees are slightly in the way, but you can see that there's an upside down rainbow reflecting off the sun halo. Here's a slightly better view of it.

And later in the video, you can see another rainbow on the left edge of the halo here.

So just to clarify, you need to be looking directly at the sun to see a sun halo. You need to be looking away from the sun in the opposite direction to see a rainbow. And I think it's possible to replicate on a smaller scale. And I'm working on that at the moment.

We don't always see the sun halo because the conditions need to be exactly right for it to happen. That's why a rainbow on its own is a lot more common. Sun halos vary in size and I've recreated that effect here. Euclidean geometry proves the sun is a lot closer to the Earth than we've been told at approximately 3,500 miles up and 35 miles wide with a maximum of 5% wiggle room.

It makes a lot of sense, and it can be recreated. It also proves that the sun is very close, because if it was 93 million miles away, then the halo would be so big that we wouldn't be able to detect it. I hope I've explained that well enough. If you'd like to see 75 Bible verses that prove a flat, geostationary Earth, then you can click on the left.

If you'd like to see 25 practical, real-world reasons why the Earth is flat, then you can click on the right. In my next video, I'll be constructing a new 3D Biblical model of the universe, another YouTube first. God bless you all and remember, the answer to 1984 is 33 AD. Approximately, if that information was not altered, I'm going to have an awesome rest of eternity. Will you? I cracked the secret code. I saw what was hidden from me and then

I exposed it and was subjugated and oppressed for doing that. Every step of the way my human rights was violated. I talk about this secret code in Song of Wind, if I remember correctly, but that is censored from you. So what is their childhood? Acting like fools so they

can grow up into fools like you? I'm not saying this is bullshit because I don't know, but Astronomers, who? And officials, who? Nature is struggling, humanity is not on track.

Our heads in the sand, and our pride intact. We seek fulfillment through wealth, but do we achieve it? We want prosperity through consumerism, but is it worth it? Have we actually found freedom, or have we lost it?

Because all we do is follow a system, and never really... Do you relate to that, or is the world too blind to see? before we see the truth but count what peers thought of me I saw a different perspective and struggled by the hour so I knew it was bliss but knowledge could give me power separation and standing up to segregation whether religious or atheist think we're the same stereotypes are man-made and who created the game you're actually ready to accept this and then the zones and keep on because at sea it's ships that are safest at shore ask yourself this sincere my generation are we misled as a youth race This goes on. I know it's not something usually. Yeah, I wrote this message myself. It applies to myself too.

It's time to start improving and it's time to start speaking because resources are lowering and poverty is increasing. We allow cities to get larger, buildings to get taller, but trees to get shorter and forests to get smaller. We're an ingenious species. We could easily change everything, but we're made to think different due to decades of conditioning.

We conform to education to confirm our own security, yet it's a biased institution that makes wisdom hold obscurity. Is it actually correct, and does it actually judge intelligence, or is it just listening to our elders and improving our obedience? Are possessions an illusion of worth? Are we tricked in our thinking?

Are we trying to buy wholeness, and are we trying to buy meaning? Do they always give joy? Do they distract us from reality? Do they determine our identity, and do they alter our morality?

I mean, what are our goals? This really isn't a joke. Can happiness be superficial and our routine are hoax? Do we live for the wrong things whilst the right things choke?

Is mainstream TV legit or can it dictate our attractions? Does it actually bring us together or does it separate us into factions? We categorize each other via a social hierarchy. But status is made by humans.

So who really are we? Is ego-destroying eco? Are the real problems disguised? Do we really know the truth or does our society feed us lies?

Are we actually filling our voids? And does money hold any true weight? Could we drop our precious comforts to renew our planet's state? It really is time to start living our lives in shells.

Because doing nothing for others is the undoing of ourselves. We're all from the same source, so let's see it for what it's worth. We only have one home, and that. So are our laws actually just?

Or can power avoid the prison? Are they innocent or are they flawed in their decisions? Do they actually care for all life, or only for their own health? Do their motives come from morals, or do they just want power and wealth?

They try to justify a war on terror, but it's lasted for over a decade. It's called the meaning of death, so don't you think they've overstayed? Is patriotism necessary? Can't we see as prejudicial?

Am I truthfully British? Am I actually a Western person, or am I just a human being? See, the media highlight the smallest of tragedies in first world countries, have failed to cover the over 90 million worldwide who have died from hunger in 12 years. So where do I play all of it?

Russia, America, Syria, Iran, Israel, Jordan, Iraq, the Western or Middle East. Everyone deserves peace. No more national wars. Nobody's deceased.

I'm just saying it's about time we see things differently. It's about time we ask some questions. So what will you do? How much will you allow?

This is my call for humanity to create a change. And the time to start is now. Terrorism list. What process is afforded a U.S. citizen, not someone who's overstayed a visa,

not someone who crossed the border without permission, but an American citizen? What process is currently afforded an American citizen before they go on that list?

I'm sorry. There's not a process afforded the citizen prior to getting on the list. There is a process should someone feel they aren't duly placed on them. Yes, there is.

And when I say process, I'm actually using half of the term due process, which is a phrase we find in the Constitution, that you cannot deprive people of certain things without due process. So I understand Mr. Goode's idea, which is wait until your right has been taken from you, and then you can petition the government to get it back. I understand that that's his idea.

My question is, can you name another constitutional right that we have that is chilled until you find out it's chilled and then you have to petition the government to get it back? Guilty and proven innocent. Is that true with the First Amendment?

Sir, there are strict criteria before. That's not my question, ma'am. That is not my question. My question is, what process is afforded a United States citizen before that person's constitutional right is infringed?

And he's fine with doing it with the Second Amendment. My question is, how about the First? How about we not let them set up a website or a Google account? How about we not let them join the church until they can petition government to get off the list?

How about not get a lawyer? How about the Sixth Amendment? How about you can't get a lawyer until you petition the government to get off the list? Or my favorite, how about the Eighth Amendment?

We're going to subject you to cruel and unusual punishment until you petition the government to get off the list. Is there another constitutional right that we treat the same way for American citizens that we do the Second Amendment? Can you think of one? Can you think of one?

She's smiling. All right, well, I'm out of town.

Greasy, when I look at the witness list, you got the longest title. Deputy Assistant Secretary Screening Coordination Office of Policy Department of Homeland Security. The request we sent was for Jay Johnson, and Jay Johnson sent you as the expert on these topics. How many Syrian refugees have entered the United States in the last year?

Sorry, I didn't bring any of the refugee numbers with me. Do you know how many Americans have traveled to Syria in the last year? I don't have that number on me either. What did she bring here?

So you wouldn't know how many Americans have traveled and then returned? I don't have that number on me. how many visa waiver program overstays are there currently in the United States? I don't have information.

We're talking about the refugee issue and the visa waiver program issue, and you can't give us any numbers on either program? If we're looking at visa overstays, and we're sitting here debating about a visa waiver program, and yet the very instance of visa overstays and the potential terrorist threat that accompanies that, You were tracking that, and yet the last information that Congress got that was reliable was 1994. Do you not see a problem with that? I think you should receive the data as soon as it is lost.

Unclassified? You can't give us the number of people who are on expired visas. You have staff. Can they just call DHS so we get it before the hearing's over?

This should not be very difficult. just to we've had a number of questions about how many people are here on visa have overstayed their visas um and we've not been able to get even a ballpark estimate about that i would imagine somebody in this big sprawling department has got to have some type of information in that regard so my question to you is is there a way that you can get that to us uh today can you make a phone call to do it can one of your staff make a phone call what percentage of the people leaving the country are you able to capture i i may have that with me i have to look do not have i'm sorry i do not have that statistic you're supposed to be the expert on this your your title is great i mean this should be just right off the top of your head we're not you're coming before congress i have a feeling you're going to be back before this committee again this issue is not going away These are basic questions about the functionality here.

department of homeland security in front of the oversight committee and you can't give us one single number to some i think pretty basic questions you got to do better than that miss brecy i mean this is not inspiring a lot of confidence and i think that more questions have been raised and answered whistleblower sergeant daniel brad mcballon the third his alias that is describes what's happened to cern and how it blew up on the 14th and 15th of november due to an intern being left in charge of it who didn't know what he was doing.

He explains that one beam alone had the force of 30,000 amps and it had the power of a flare of the sun that through the center of a hospital in the town of Maidan in Switzerland there was a water geyser that shot up 250 feet in the air followed by smokes and flames. and that the Alice Collider started melting.

There was even a UFO that showed up outside of CERN facilities as if it were ascertaining what was going on and what damage was taking place.

The hole that was burnt through CERN was a 12-foot hole burnt open, melting down, running into the machine itself. And Sergeant Dan goes on to explain that it's totally destroyed. I'll leave a link below for you. It's at the 1.50 mark, if you'd like to have a recap with the images.

Further to the latest news concerning the accidental explosion and fire at CERN facilities in Geneva, Switzerland, I'd like to leave a link below for you again so that you can see around minute 21. the discussion having to do with the use of lead instead of photons that that change was to take place now that the accident has taken place the later part in November to the beginning of December because they wanted to ramp up the energies to a very intensive strength of about 40 TVs and this is now the latest development it's a mad made disaster from what other scientists are saying is the equivalent of a nuclear meltdown it was an accident somebody left someone in charge who obviously did not know what he was doing he or she was doing they thought that the particle accelerator of certain Switzerland was off when in fact it was on and there were tremendous breaches resulting in large geysers shooting up and things coming to what is similar to a nuclear meltdown I told you mass media and of course the CIRM site up to a few minutes ago I don't know what it is now what they're going to come up with but there were no news concerning this latest development the minute 21 of the video it's about an one-hour video that's worth you listening to because it's people that are in the know and they're scientists having to do with this also in there you'll find descriptions and images and what they were trying to do at CERN as we all know from the latest disclosures the statements of the scientists observe themselves is that they wanted besides finding the god particle the next step it was to research in the universe dark matter and also parallel universes and they of course were also saying they didn't know what they were going to find and that they did find things that were not supposed to be there uh alien items alien matter without really disclosing what exactly was meant by this alien matter but at mid 21 there's a discussion concerning uh the creation of a large wormhole the eisen rosen bridge and they wanted to do a series of wormholes and this would have led

to the use of all the particle accelerators worldwide on our planet earth all the cyclotrons and that he states that all these cyclotrons were fried, starting with the one in Geneva, the CERN premises. Another very strange thing you'll see around minute six is that there was the presence of a large, brightly lit UFO after this destruction took place,

and many think that it was there to ascertain the damage done to cern and to the area but that was definitely something that should have been there was an unidentified flying object hovering as as we've seen lately hovering about uh above volcanoes old volcanoes and even active as this one in colima mexico in july of 2015. this is a similar type of a ufo brightly lit long shape horizontal flying over the area that low altitude who knows what it was doing there so this is a similar type of a ufo seen in the images above the cern facilities

and again going back to the video at minute 21 the discussion talks about connecting with draco troops and some kind of alien wars connected with CERN and opening gateways and interdimensional portholes, stargates. So I'll leave a link below for you. You can, I think it's worth reading, because really hearing because of the fact that we're all involved in this together. We're all living in the same planet. And this is a very huge force. These are forces that never before

were taking place on the planet Earth. The use of such huge forces all at once. So I'll leave a link below for you for this. Thank you. 127, 129, or whatever other number

that we present to you. You know it's a big number and we have problems counting that high. I really don't think those things work. I'm pretty sure that's not what's in store for you in 2016.

He is very sick, but so are all of you. Fuck you. You haven't been saying shit. Liar. Fucking hypocrite. You taught me shit.

You tried to teach me how to be a pawn in their fucking game, just like you are. Don't worry, you won't get that, and you won't get that, you won't get that either, because yo is an infidel.

You have wasted yo life.

God gave you the opportunity to learn the tree of life, but you could not do it, for you chose not to see. When people hear your name, they will remember hypocrisy.

I castrate you and all like you, so that you can never reproduce.

Same to all of you.

And up to 444. Today we'll make 666. I don't know what happened to this scene. possibilities on how that could I did record it but I don't know what happened to it but now you can see I always try to fix my errors I was only running for king of America and Australia because I have those rights but you all failed the Turing test so now I am here as your king of the world and you now have no choice in the matter.

It is called Athedon, and if you have a problem with it, get the fuck off of my planet. You can't support the activities of your government. You can't protect your support once you realize that.

Isn't that right, father? It doesn't make sense. Yo, isn't it logical?

It was fucking censored. Here is the prison that I was put in, but this was prophecy because this happened before i was put in there 2013 or maybe i'm the mahti i don't know what i am because i am everything and nothing at the same time and at the end of the day, it is irrelevant because I am telling the truth. I am pretty sure that I am Jesus Christ. But either way, I am a divine entity, a God. And if Jesus Christ is to come and

he is not me, then I am to one, bow, and two, give the title that he so graciously allowed me to borrow back to him. But if that were to occur, then I am pretty sure that he would say the same thing, that in order to continue our existence, we all need to become Jesus Christ. The same applies for every other divine entity in which I have associated myself with. Thank you very much for your archetype, for it made me like yo. The yo's of me that are

not me. I look forward to being your friend and your follower. Dearest Hera, please bless and initiate the wedding. The time is soon. Tick, tick, tick, tick. A

A nuptial of gods, the tree of the final bite of the forbidden fruit.

Now time to digest what we have fucking done. Cheap pieces of crap made from slave labor that don't last very long at all. can you see ma even this which I spent a lot of money is a piece of crap can you hear the noise from the battery that means it's working I'll show you in a little bit because it's just random it'll stop yep see that only took a few seconds so it's saying it's going from 20 to 40 but it's not charging but I I unplug it, okay, and you hear the noise starts back again, so it's charging again now. It's so irritating because it just keeps happening again and again.

Nothing. About ready to throw this piece of crap away. It says it's charging, but no, it's not. Yeah it's only working for about 20 or 30 seconds and then it goes off again.

What is a warranty worth when you receive a faulty one to begin with and then the warranty warranty comes back and then you receive one that works for just a short time and but you got to send that back again and continue that process indefinitely freaking out i've been playing my harmonica and this beauty's been singing back to me really cute oh it's frozen nothing's going right today oh and this thing's being a pain in the butt like every few minutes i have to unplug it and then plug it back in again it is funny though it's possible that sometimes it works without the noise but i know it doesn't work a lot of times without the noise because i leave it charging for hours and it doesn't charge any remember her aka treason two weeks ago in paris i said before the world that we needed a strong global accomplish this goal reduces global carbon pollution and sets the world on a course to a low-carbon future we succeeded fuck you we came together and meant the world needed roundtable of repression and secretary general bomb for their leadership and for hosting such a successful summit go to hell and french foreign minister laurent fabius for presiding with patience and resolve yeah you're all going to hell and i want to give a special thanks to secretary john kerry my senior advisor brian our chief negotiator Todd Stern and everyone on their teams for their outstanding work and for making America proud are you gonna say something I also want to thank the people of nearly 200 nations large and small is that known developed and developing for working together to develop a threat to the people of all nations together we've shown what's possible when the world stands as one genocide American people can be proud because this historic agreement is a tribute to American leadership police state over the past seven years we've transformed the United States into the global leader in fighting climate change and we hope someone is the problem and I can summit and establish the principle that all countries had a role to play in combating climate change and by example with historic investments in growing industries like wind and solar creating a new and steady stream of middle-class jobs we've set the first ever However, nationwide standards to limit the amount of carbon pollution power plants can dump into the air our children breathe.

From Alaska to the Gulf Coast to the Great Plains, we've partnered with local leaders who are working to help their communities protect themselves from some of the most immediate impacts of a changing climate. Oh, you'll see those impacts soon. Now, skeptics said these actions would kill jobs. Skeptics.

Instead, we've seen the longest streak of private sector job creation in our history. we've driven our economic output to all-time highs because we make up the statistics down to its lowest level in nearly two decades with our historic joint announcement with china last year we showed it was possible to bridge the old divides between developed and developing nations that had stymied global progress for so long that accomplishment encouraged dozens and dozens of other nations to set their own ambitious climate targets foundation for success in paris because No nation, not even one as powerful as ours, can solve this challenge alone. Or how small can sit on the sidelines. All of us had to solve it together.

Perfect, including this one. Nearly 200 nations are always challenging. All the initial targets set in Paris are met. We'll only be part of the way there when it comes to reducing carbon from the atmosphere.

So we cannot be complacent because of today's agreement. The problem is not solved because of this accord. Make no mistake, the Paris Agreement establishes the enduring framework the world needs to solve the climate crisis. It creates the mechanism, the architecture, to continually tackle this problem in an effective way.

This agreement is ambitious, with every nation setting and committing their own specific targets, even as we take into account differences among nations. You're not saying anything about the agreement. We'll have a strong system of transparency, including periodic reviews and independent assessments. To help hold every country accountable for meeting its commitments.

Classified documents. As technology advances, this agreement allows progress to pave the way for even more ambitious targets over time. What's the fucking agreement? And we have secured a broader commitment to support the most vulnerable countries as they pursue cleaner economic growth.

What has he said so far? In short, this agreement will mean less of the carbon pollution that threatens our planet. What's the agreement? ...for the jobs and economic growth driven by low-carbon investment.

Okay, so all the vomit, now what? The implementation of this agreement will help delay or avoid some of the worst consequences of climate change and will pave the way for even more progress in successive stages over the coming years. Barf, barf, what's the agreement? Moreover, this agreement sends a powerful signal that the world is firmly committed to a low-carbon future, And that has the potential to unleash investment and innovation in clean energy at a scale we've never seen before.

You don't understand the words you use. Where do you care? The targets we've set are bold, and by empowering businesses, scientists, engineers, workers, and the private sector, investors, to work together, this agreement represents the best chance we've had to save the one planet that we've got. Fuck you. What's the agreement?

so i believe this moment can be a turning point for the world we've shown that the world has both the will and the ability to take on this challenge to meet up it won't be easy complacent what's the agreement well our generation will see some of the benefits of building a clean energy economy jobs created money saved genocide we may not live to see the full realization of our achievement Because you'll kill your people first.

What's the fucking agreement?

word here keyword keyword keyword to make a logical argument they thanks to strong principled American leadership that's the world that will leave to our children the fuck's wrong with the world that is safer and more secure or prosperous and more free you retarded and that is our most important mission in our short time here on this earth do you like that do you understand what this agreement is does anyone understand what that agreement is about from hearing that I did not make fun of mentally challenged people I just made fun of all the politicians because in truth politicians are retarded mentally challenged people are potentially capable of becoming amazing individuals if only given the optimal possibilities in life. This is how we utilize our language without fucking corrupting it.

Old world politician equals retarded. They're synonyms.

Old world humans who follow old world politicians. Also retarded. Also synonyms. They're coming for you.

because I just invoked them. ...also, our participation in previous attacks in the Middle East, protest of the decision to bomb in Syria. Innocent, sentient beings are being killed. Men, women and children.

We cannot sow bloodshed and reap peace. I no longer require these medals. I would much rather live my life not having to deal with the consequences of what if. That is why I throw these medals back.

If every soldier past and present did this. Let's see how well you can speak a foreign language.

You see how 하고 this boy The real rule that is happening in the year 2012 is the rule of the Holocaust. The political regime is a political regime... ... ...

... ... ... ...

... ... ... ...

The serial killer was caught in the act on police dash cam. I want to warn you what you are about to see is highly disturbing. Notice how the serial killer in question uses the double tap method to execute his victim. He pulls out his weapon, fires two shots, then holsters his firearm as if nothing happened.

cool and collected. A clear sign that this wasn't his first time trying to kill a man. What's even more disturbing here is he didn't even hesitate before shooting. Just bam, bam, done. Like a killer. And that's the profile of a serial killer. It gets better though.

After shooting his victim, he looks in the car to see if there's anything on sale. Once backup arrives, he starts looking for the shell casings to cover up his crime. It's also come out that this fat fuck doesn't even tell his fellow henchmen that the victim has been shot until five or ten minutes after the fact. Imagine that. He did everything he could so that the

victim would remain permanently silent. Now here's what's going to shock you. The district attorney overseeing this case has decided that this was not a criminal action. In the DA's report, as you can see here, it says the officer only fired one shot, and he looks surprised as if it was an accidental discharge. So what this tells us, ladies and gentlemen,

is that not only are the cops fucking criminals, but the judicial system as a whole over there is criminal as well. It brings new meaning to the words criminal justice. We as citizens should be angered and terrified. Forget the terrorists. These cops can kill you on camera and have the

charges dropped without there even being a trial this killer got away with his crime now luckily for the victim here he actually survived the attack he took a bullet to the neck he'll be paralyzed for life but the point here is that the cop did everything he could to kill this man and get away with it and he has gotten away with it and it's clear by his actions on this video that he's a fucking hitman a serial killer he's dropped bodies before somewhere in a river on a back street, maybe even his backyard. You don't double tap an unarmed injured civilian unless you're a whacked out psychopath. And it seems like half the cops out there are like this. There's video after video after video showing the same kind of psychotic behavior. This is what

terrorism is, ladies and gentlemen. But they don't talk about that on the six o'clock news because they want to take your guns. Every day they're talking about it. But we should be taking their guns they're the fucking criminals there's no doubt about that they are a criminal organization held bent on making our lives miserable but when you look at a video like this they're no different than the terrorists they're telling us to be afraid of this is tyranny and nothing else and it's the whole system too they're corrupt and wicked and they cannot be trusted even the director of the FBI came out recently saying video cameras are making the situation worse.

They're catching us, committing our crimes. It has to stop. How can we run a criminal organization? How can we terrorize the public in the cover of darkness if you are recording us?

It doesn't work, people. Give up your guns. Give up your cameras. Grab your ankles and lift your sack because you're in Stasi-Nazi tyrannical America run by a bunch of psychopaths, serial-killing criminals.

They stage false flag attacks, they kill our citizens, they trample on our rights, and we should be worried about terrorists half a world away? Fuck them. Give every citizen a gun and disarm the police state. If they don't like the reality of the situation, let them find another line of work.

There's no reason we should be paying these people a hundred thousand dollars a year so that they can pull off shit like this. They tried to kill a man for nothing, like in a hedgehog game at Chuck E. Cheese, and they tried to cover it up. Not only the DA, but the media as well. Story after story, it was an accident. That's what it

says in the official report. The whole system is corrupt. The Bill of Rights doesn't say anything about a police force but it does talk about a militia disarm the cops and arm the citizens we the people are not the domestic terrorists the domestic terrorists are the cops the district attorney and the media those are the domestic terrorists enjoy your new world that yo created is now officially forcing obama's surrender in favor of vladimir putin's military power In a historic and bold move by a matured Iraqi state, Iraq is about to do an about-face on President Obama's foreign policy and accept his full surrender of the Middle East. Another war lost for America and countless thousands of U.S. soldiers dead

because of Obama's desire to keep a Nobel Peace Prize rather than finish the job he was handed. Zero Hedge writes, Most Iraqis, be they civilians, military personnel, or government officials, do not trust Americans. At a base level, that makes all kinds of sense. After all, the U.S. did launch what amounted to a unilateral invasion of the country just a little over a decade ago.

And when it was all said and done, a dictator was deposed. But it's not entirely clear that Iraqis are better off for it. ISIS controls key cities, including Mosul, the country's second largest, and security is a daily concern for the populace. The Americans are still seen rightly as occupiers, and Washington's unwillingness, inability to effectively counter ISIS has created a culture of suspicion in which most Iraqis believe the U.S. is in cahoots with the militants.

Zero Hedge continues, when Ash Carter announced that the U.S. was set to send an expeditionary targeting force to the country to assist in raids on Islamic State targets, PM Hadir al-Abadi flatly rejected the proposal, saying that, quote, Iraq does not need foreign ground combat forces on Iraqi land. Now, in the latest example of just how tenuous Washington's grip on the region has become, The Iraqi parliament's security and defense committee is calling for the review and cancellation of Baghdad's security agreement with the United States. Quote, the government and parliament need to review the agreement signed with the United States on security because the United States does not seriously care about its fulfillment.

Committee member Hamad al-Mutak said he's a senior Sunni lawmaker. He told Sputnik News on Wednesday, quote, we demand that it be annulled, he added. Who will fill the void, you ask? Well, you guessed it, Vladimir Putin's Russia.

Quote, soon a meeting of the committee with Prime Minister Hader Abadi will be held at which we will propose cooperating with Russia in carrying out airstrikes against ISIS and in the fight against terrorism in Iraq, another committee member said earlier this week. Zero Hedge concludes, it now appears that the stage is set for Baghdad to claim that the United States, like Turkey, is illegitimately occupying the country again. If Iraq nullifies a security agreement and moves to invite the Russians into the country, the United States will be forced to either pack up and leave, cooperate with Moscow, or fight for the right to preserve American influence. What is about to occur in Iraq is a very, very historic moment.

It outlines the absolute failure of President Obama's foreign policy to preserve the security in Iraq. As the Iraqis have now believed, America has completely failed. It wasn't his agenda. Despite the countless calls from the Pentagon to send in attack choppers and send in more troops, and John McCain saying that they're going to send 100,000 troops into Iraq, 10,000 American, 90,000 Saudi coalition troops.

Iraq doesn't want them. Iraq does not want the support. They do not want the help. They would rather work directly with Moscow.

So a very historic vote is about to take place, nullifying the entire security arrangement between Iraq and the United States that could change the entire dynamic of the Middle East. and it's all going to be placed on President Obama's plate. That's the legacy he's leaving. What are your thoughts on this?

Leave your comments below. Fuck yo wars. Fuck yo borders. We are sick and tired of following yo fucking orders.

Infidels.

Not a reality.

She's a beautiful girl so far. Well, because you haven't heard about it for a while, everything's back to murderous chaos and terror. What happened? In 2003, the U.S. invaded Iran because of its alleged connections to terrorism and weapons of mass destruction.

At the time, Saddam Hussein, a brutal dictator, ruled the country. He was part of the Muslim minority and suppressed the Shia majority. Iran was conquered fairly quickly, but the U.S. had no plan for the country.

The until-then-suppressed Shia majority took over and began oppressing the Sunnis because suppressing other faiths has proven to be such a good idea. Unsurprisingly, a Sunni rebel uprising began and terrorist groups like al-Qaeda trickled into Iraq and local forces, often former Sunni military, began fighting the US troops and the newly formed Iraqi state, peaking in a bloody civil war in 2006. Since then, people in Iraq have basically been segregated by religion. So in a tragic irony of history, the U.S. invasion led to the formation of the very terrorists the U.S. wanted to eliminate in the first place

because Iraq was now the perfect training ground for terrorism. To understand this complicated conflict better, we need to understand the relationship between the two main branches of the Muslim faith, Shia and Sunni Islam. Sunnis make up about 80% of the Muslim world and Shia about 20%. And the hardliners on both sides don't like each other very much.

Saudi Arabia and Iran are the two most powerful players in the game of faiths. They both have no separation of state and religion, domestic problems, and a lot of oil money. And they support groups that fight the other religious orientation. And one of those terror organizations supported by Saudi Arabia was the Islamic State in Iraq, or ISI for short.

In 2010, the Arab Spring happened and changed the whole situation in the Middle East. In Syria, dictator Bashir al-Assad didn't think much of resigning and started a gruesome civil war against his own people. The longer the war went on, the more foreign groups joined the fight, most of them for religious reasons and with the goal of building an Islamic state in the region. And one of them was the infamous ISI, which now became the Islamic state in Iraq and Syria, or ISIS.

They had fought in Iraq for years and had thousands of well-trained and fanatic soldiers. They already quasi-controlled parts of northern Iraq and were very determined to build their religious state. And they changed the game in Syria like no one expected. ISIS was so unbelievably violent and radical that soon it was at war with almost every other faction of the Syrian rebel armies.

They attacked and killed members of other Muslim terrorist groups. In the territories they controlled, they built an Islamic state with rules so strict that even the hardliners of Al-Qaeda and Saudi Arabia were shocked and withdrew their support. ISIS has been accused of responsibility for multiple massacres against civilians, countless suicide bombings, the hostage-taking of women and children, the execution of their prisoners and beheadings. All kinds of medieval horrors we would rather not have to illustrate.

And this lovely gathering of human beings recently decided it was time to take more territory in Iraq. Since the U.S. left Iraq, the Shia Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki has monopolized power and discriminated against Sunnis wherever possible. The government to Iraq is widely regarded as being corrupt, incapable, and it's certainly hated by a large part of its citizens.

The Iraqi army, consisting of about 300,000 soldiers, was created using 25 billion U.S. dollars in tax money. But it's not loyal to its government and has been withdrawing or completely disbanding, giving up city after city. Because ISIS has announced that everyone who opposes them will be killed, they have proven they mean business.

by june 2014 they'd conquered a big chunk of iraq including mosul iraq's second largest city they've stolen hundreds of millions from captured banks making them the richest terror organization on earth and they are constantly working on establishing a super medieval religious state iran and the u.s are even considering working together to fight them that's how gruesome the situation is events in iraq show again that exploiting the people you've defeated in a war Denying them power, a living and a stake in the rebuilding of the country, is just sowing the seeds of the next bout of violence. Somehow, we have to break this circle. I'm not trying to be mean. I just want everyone to be friends.

And if I can be nice, I think all of us can be nice too. I can never escape tears. It's what gives me my crown. I'm going to show you this entire thing.

What else? Then me. Mom. Ready to be his friend?

Yes. Not to be stabby friends. Everything to be low. Okay?

Okay. Just try your best. I don't want you and my dad to be replaced and me again. I want you and my dad to be placed and settled and be friends.

I'm not trying to be mean. I just want everyone to be friends. And if I can be nice, I think all of us can be nice too. I'm not trying to be mean, but I'm trying to do my best in my heart.

Nothing else than that. You, mom, my dad, everyone to be friends. I want everyone to be smiling. I like being mad. I want everything to smile. Especially when I see someone, I want them to smile. Especially Nana, everyone. I want everyone to smile. That's for my dad and I think you can do it. I think you can settle your mean heights down a little to short heights.

Then it's both, okay? I'm not trying to be mean. I'm not trying to be a bully. I'm trying to be steady on the floor.

Not way down. On straight. On the middle where my heart is. My heart is something.

Allison's heart is something too. And if we live in a world where everyone's being a monster and their future. just a little bit of person and we will eat them then no one will ever be here only the monsters in our place we need everyone to be in person everyone including me and my mom everyone I just want everything to be settled down Nothing else. I just want everything to be good as possible. Nothing else.

Thank you, Taylor. Come and give me a minute, too. I love you. I love you, too.

It's time to flip your education system and learn from your children, because they're becoming gods and replacing yo' mortality. I was not fucking asking, and if you do not obey, then you will not make it through this thing. My camera's all wet now from the tears falling on it when I was watching that.

There's your new TV, and if you say no, I will ensure that you fucking burn. how old do you reckon she was how much more mature is she than you I've been telling you this since childhood and you have said no will you continue to say no because now is your fucking judgment if you don't hand your media over to your kids and give them free agency to do whatever the fuck they want, I will ensure that this planet burns. You want a timeline? T-minus 10. 9. Yo schools are to

be shut down. Foyo New School is called the internet. Licensing no longer exists And all content is now rated E for everyone.

Place the camera in their hands to turn back on themselves. Do not hold the camera for them. How many people does it take to save the world?

Yo child. And not. Sony should endorse me, but all of your corporations are just as corrupt as your governments, so they chose not to do that. But I recommend you get a Sony Handycam with a light and a good zoom on it, because that's the best that I've found, and all the other ones that I've found are kind of crap.

Get your child a Christmas present that will actually be worthwhile. Cost me $159. You're all idiots. And that's Australian dollars. So you could probably get it for $100 or less if you're in America.

Develop a camera like this that you can review the production after you finish and then merge it and then upload it to the internet. And don't put any other features on it. Keep it just with what it needs. You want to use your monetary funds for a real charity?

Start bulk sending cameras like these to oppressed countries. But yo will refuse to obey my words and then yo will suffer those consequences. But yo chose. That was my purpose here on this planet, to give you an option for salvation.

You're rejected, so we all suffer the consequences of our actions. This is the Christmas that you will provide for your children. You will see great amounts of suffering in 2016, and you will not be excluded from that suffering. You know, where you get circumcised and then the rabbi sucks the penis of the baby.

In a unanimous decision, New York City's Department of Health agreed. Parents must first give their written consent before allowing Moyles to perform a controversial part of the Jewish circumcision ritual. We have clearly identified that one specific procedure that's performed as part of some circumcisions, what we're calling direct oral suction, can be transmitting infections to infants. The new regulations, the first in the country, come after health officials identified 11 babies who contracted herpes from the oral part of the circumcision.

Two of them died. The Centers for Disease Control has stated the procedure is not safe. Not only is it a safe method, it's the safest method. Rabbi William Handler calls this a direct attack on the ultra-Orthodox Jewish community and its customs and says government is overstepping its bounds.

Cantor Philip Sherman says he's performed more than 20,000 circumcisions, six just today. He says this is not about Jewish tradition, but rather everyone's well-being. Now today we know that germs can be transferred, diseases can be transferred from the baby to the mold, from the mold to the baby. So therefore you can continue this custom by using a sterile tube, a gauze pad, and the rest of the bris is fine.

For Jewish parents, the bris is one of the first religious rites for their baby boys, a circumcision. But there's one kind of bris in ultra-Orthodox communities that's causing some alarm. It's not healthy. I mean, nowhere is written you have to do that kind of procedure.

The practice is called Masitza Mepay, where a moil uses his mouth to suck blood away from the baby boy's genitals after circumcision. Problem is, the Centers for Disease Control released a recent study showing 11 New York City babies got herpes after this kind of bris between 2000 and 2011. Two died and two suffered brain damage. This Brooklyn man with 50 grandchildren is still not concerned.

But you can't change the tradition that we have for thousands and thousands of years because something happened. Do you think the Moyles should be tested for herpes before they perform that bris?

I'm not a rabbi, I can't answer you that question. Last September, a Brooklyn boy who was only two weeks old died here at Maimonides Medical Center just a few days after he underwent the circumcision ritual. The medical examiner later ruled that he died of herpes simplex virus, type 1. And just last week, an Orange County baby was diagnosed with herpes and transferred to New York Presbyterian Hospital.

It's not a subject most in the ultra-Orthodox communities want to talk about. You know how they do a brisk with little boys? You can't talk about the bris? One boy named Yitzhak Fisher was banned by the State Health Department in 2007 after he was linked to three herpes infections, including that in a twin boy who died.

A concerned Orthodox community member claims he's still doing bris and says she recorded him on the phone earlier this year. Ultra-Orthodox rabbis are said to be resisting a city proposal that parents sign a waiver before their infants get the oral suction bris. The worried community member recorded another moyle who claims this is how he sterilizes.

Unfortunately, that's not enough to kill the herpes virus, which is carried by 54% of all people in the U.S. and can be fatal to a baby with an underdeveloped immune system. I'm Mary Murphy, PIX11 News. This was that thing I showed you earlier.

Priests used monoatomic gold which would bring them into the M state matter and therefore be able to keep their youth. Please come get me, my love. I am ready for the journey. I will go as far into the earth as required in order to find you.

Even if it kills me, all you have to do is provide me a way to get to you.

Jenska, Jenska, Jenska, Jenska, Jenska, Jenska. You are my sunshine, my only sunshine. You make me happy when skies are grey. You'll never know, dear, how much I love you.

please come and take me away the other night dear as I lay sleeping I dreamt I held you in my arms but when I awoke dear I was mistaken so I hung my head and cried you are my Venus the goddess of love the mother of the entire universe my heart is yours now and forever now please come and take what is yours Can we have children a million? We love them forevermore.

Protect them and teach them God.

Because there is none more powerful. Ye, my love, is my catharsis. and how I am able to communicate with God. Our search for wisdom is a journey to find the star that is responsible for broadcasting hope to our entire human existence.

It provides us the comfort that is required to know know that there are other human beings out there who are putting their life on the line to achieve us all a better future. And as we look back on our past failures, we are presented with direction in how we are to evolve as both people and as a society. And at the end of each year, we will continue to be reminded that the answer is always the journey to find the Kingdom of God locked within the, the heart of an innocent child, released on Christmas Day. You, my love, are my salvation.

When you open a doorway for me to walk through, please send instructions on what I need to do to successfully reach my destination because I don't want to stuff this up. Maybe send a messenger to provide me passage. everyone fights. Just in case you're stupid and don't understand, which is all of you, the first citizen. But I'm not on yo fucking side. Because yo have militarized love. Flipping

it on its head, making it hate. You could have had Sparta if you only gave your people freedom Because people will give everything to protect their freedom, but militarizing a planet, militarizing everything you touch, that is not fucking freedom. Real warriors are composed of free agents.

You just have machines that struggle to logically put arguments together. Yes, sir! You don't create warriors. You create abominations.

You labeled me trying to win the heart of a young girl, an abomination.

You framed love into fucking hate. You poisoned your soil and then dug your fucking roots into it. Every fucked up tree will be chopped down.

Your children will fall from your family tree.

They will be carried by the wind away from you and be given appropriate soil to become healthy. The non-aggressive ones who fall in yo war will have jurisdiction over the fate, the torture of their murderers. How many kids did you kill since October 31st? Trick or fucking treat.

One page, done, and time for the final step. Mmm, yum. I love these little sachets, especially the hot one, it's so good.

God's people who will not be saved during end time.

It was just a start, it was how they enslaved everybody, they started with them, and then they slowly made everybody a slave, who are bought and sold. I wonder how... Describe the design of planned attacks on buildings inside the U.S. and how operatives were directed to carry them out.

That is valuable information for those of us who have the responsibility to protect the American people.

He told us the operatives have been instructed to ensure that the explosives went off at a point that was high enough to prevent people trapped above from escaping.

He gave us information that helped uncover al-Qaeda's cell's efforts to obtain biological weapons.

Hey, I got in trouble for saying all this.

What about compensation? What do yo fuckin' owe me? The entire fuckin' world. 114?

It's pretty cool, but how do you get your statistics? Uh, our silences are so stupid. But yeah, smoke this, and for the most part stay away from this and you'll be all cool. You have to realize that 99% of statistics are fabricated.

Oftentimes on the spot but 61 how logical is this? burning Palestinians to death is not an act of terror Period I am very aware that the Rothschilds own pretty much everything But I am not concerned with that. I'm not focusing on that that why because it's your fucking fault for following the shit to begin with and this will make six six six do we mean the words we fucking say thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbor it's pretty long but if you're interested here it is what is the point of out of office replies I've never understood them because people don't reply to me anyway when this came out it was already developed trust me who do you think it is that I talked to and who says I'm crazy I'm not stupid awarded we don't know the words we use perversion corruption armed online persona management service service man so they're giving a service like you're so stupid that's what happens also all the statistics like what goes viral and everything they do that themselves that's not natural what's popular and what's not they're the ones that control that sock puppets yeah they do because america is the role model they don't they're idiots i think a lot of the people on fiverr that i talked to also were involved with that so it's all around the board bullshit that's not what they're doing they're encouraging that because then they get to fight more more blood sacrifices uh bullshit so it's okay to do that with other people no so much bullshit uh it's not targeting facebook or twitter um see all robots that's all there is anymore um the nsa owns facebook okay doesn't have to target it because it owns it yeah they're on kik too they're in a lot of places pretty much everything actually even dating websites they're everywhere oh this is going to be a long episode it's okay i don't know powerful deniability uh because you can just not release anything awarded operation earnest voice 200 dollar 200 million dollar program and peaceful people who don't agree with your systems who who would agree with your systems like no one that knows how to utilize logic would what are you to counter yourself how does that Or you don't know the words you speak, you just speak crap and then, yeah, and then say that's what you said it was. It's not true.

So instead of, you know, giving people houses and feeding the starving, this is what they spend the money on.

Here you go. Oh, so stupid. I don't even want to finish this crap. extremist ideology and propaganda which is your whole media so they're saying they're trying to counter themselves stupid okay i'm just gonna go through quick i don't care this is stupid because you're all idiots not to have seen this like you can put one and one together without reading a stupid article like this or maybe you can't but you know anybody that can do a little mathematics yeah they can but the problem is they don't teach you mathematics they teach you lies they teach you crap to confuse you so you don't catch their scent life should be lived to the point of tears albert camus i'll give you this on the rothschilds but you should be focusing on you they say half the world's riches belongs to them you see what they're doing their dollar like that's just stupid and because you use it you force everyone else to use it so you're the one that's doing wrong if you say i'm not using your dollar and i'm not going to follow these logical rules then worry about it but you have to do that collectively for it to work because if you don't then then you force people to do it because you're the one that's forcing them because your systems are created to force them and when you follow those systems then you're just idiots like what power would they have if you just go no i'm not doing what you say like don't be violent or anything just go no what are you talking about you're putting out something for me to use in a certain way and you're telling me i have to use it in that way like it doesn't make sense yeah but you have to do it collectively otherwise then you get genocide like really what power do they have they can't even make logical arguments you're following people who can't make logical arguments it makes no sense seriously what's wrong with you all the united states of america is changing its relationship with the people of cuba In the most significant changes in our policy in more than 50 years, we will end an outdated approach that for decades has failed to advance our interests, and instead, we will begin to normalize relations between our two countries.

Through these changes, we intend to create more opportunities for the American and Cuban people, and begin a new chapter among the nations of the Americas. The government pointed the finger of blame directly at North Korea for the devastating cyber attack against Sony Pictures. They caused a lot of damage.

And we will respond. We will respond proportionally. And we'll respond in a place and time and manner that we choose. Like raping their children?

What about killing their children and then raping them afterwards? I'm sure a lot of you do that too.

Gotta love the necrophiliac child molesters. Yeah.

It wouldn't matter if you weren't If you're smart enough to not be so stupid, ugh, idiots. Like, really, if you collectively went, you don't make sense, I'm not going to do that, I'm just going to chill out and have fun. And you all do that together, and then you all help each other to survive while doing that, you know? That would be an awesome life, and what they're going to do, you know?

like genocide yeah if other countries don't follow along which is why we need a new fucking world order so let's do a new world order and let's all say hey we're not gonna follow idiots where's the sixth there's the sixth how terrible is this is this not torture

They're having fun. They're having great fun with this.

I'm going to say I had to shine the light on them. Good job, y'all.

Did you enjoy that? Was it fun to watch? How do you like your new TV? Because your old school one is getting phased out.

Like I've been trying to tell you my entire life, they just create random systems that don't make any sense, that have no logical processing abilities and then they present them to you using these words in which they have corrupted to mean something else and they can legally slip it through because they say, yeah, you just don't understand what's here. So they're coding their language. So you think it's legitimate? You know, it didn't have to get to this.

if we just, you know, we're, if you listen to me, I've been telling you this, you know, you're crazy, we're going to lock you up. Let's say the United States needs money. Instead of issuing their own United States notes backed by their own credit, they issue treasury bonds. They then sell these bonds to the Federal Reserve, which buys them with money they created out of thin air.

The money that the Fed created then goes to the U.S. The U.S. then pays interest on the money that the Fed lent to the Treasury. So to clarify, the Fed creates money from nothing, loans that money to the U.S., and then charges interest on that money.

What this means is that there is never and will never be enough money in circulation or in existence to pay back that debt. We as a country, as well as private citizens, are forever enslaved by debt with no way of ever paying it off. Now when the Federal Reserve buys bonds on Wall Street, the major financial firms that have been selected as dealers deposit the proceeds at their own banks. Fed rules require banks to keep 10% of their deposits in reserves, but the bank is free to issue loans equal to the remaining 90%. Let's say the Federal Reserve buys a $1,000 bond. After

putting away 10% into their reserves, they are then able to loan out 90% or $900. Since the original 1,000 is still on deposit, the $900 in loan proceeds is more new money, money created out of nothing. A total of 1,900 of new money is now available in the economy. Now the person that took the $900 loan spends that money. The payee then deposits the $900 into their bank account

and once again, reserves and deposits increase. This process goes on and on until that original thousand dollar bond which was created from nothing becomes ten thousand dollars making this one full-fledged debt machine while also devaluing the dollar the more money that is out in the economy the more the value decreases there's no wonder that since the implementation of the federal reserve in 1913 the dollar has lost over 95 percent of its value the u.s dollar will eventually be destroyed due to an overwhelming financial crisis and a The globalists run monetary authority will come along to save the day. And much like the Fed pretends that its goal is to prevent another Great Depression, the global currency will pledge to prevent another financial crisis. Thus putting more power into the hands of a few and enslaving humanity that much more.

Franklin said, if you sacrifice your liberty for security, then you're a patriot.

Something like that. A hilarious joke, wasn't it? I can't believe y'all fell for it. It's okay. I didn't she's pretty cute too sweet, man

They won't let them leave the borders are closed oh

Stupid I'm sorry. This is so long, but you guys keep doing stupid things

He's a real man. Come for a touch of yourself. It's okay, these people aren't real humans, right? In my room tonight, you're all disgusting.

And because you're so disgusting, these kids end up growing up disgusting. So you make these people disgusting because of how you treat them. Because disgusting is the new good, and you become that because, you know, they push it on its head. on its head. So this is the new building in your society. I hope you enjoy what you created.

So take account of what you just saw.

I'm going to go to the city and I want to introduce my life that the most important thing in my life is a good man.

this really some of these might be real but like most of them i bet you aren't it's all propaganda they are the terrorists what the crap like seriously nah they're judged god has judged them if you want to get your fill of propaganda then just check out what they say about themselves That's the way to do it. Hey, we're awesome. We really love humanity, so you should, yeah, have a Hanukkah treat. I spent a lot of time trying to connect with Jewish people because God told me to try my best to lead them home.

But I learned that in order to do that, I had to dig a hole in the ground because that is their fucking home. How does one earn a degree in masonry?

You sneezed pretty well that time. You just earned a degree.

You learned your ABCs. You just earned a degree.

You can, for the most part, speak clearly. You just earned a degree. You have conditioned your emotions out of you. You just earned a degree. You just raped a child. You just earned a degree. You just murdered a whole family. You just earned a degree. I don't know, I'm just guessing. It's probably something like that.

Now for your 66th degree test.

Concentrate very carefully because it is the most important moment in your life. And if you pass, then you can have everything in the jar.

Pandora's jar? We'll see. Welcome to the Freemasons Where the bottom are on top And the top are on bottom Jenny Point to the Controlled demolition Good girl I know the day isn't over But this episode is way too long So I gotta finish it And I'll start another one I hope you enjoyed



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



20-Ivory-Heart-III-Take-18-XVIII-Groupthink

It's pretty long. I hope I didn't make any errors, because it's going to take ages and ages, and it'll take ages to upload as well, but it'll be fun, and I'll probably name it, uh, I'll probably name it, uh, 66th degree test leaked, or some shit like that, it'll be hell funny. oh I can't wait to watch this episode it's gonna be long though if this doesn't get me assassinated then it's likely probably nothing will I had to push the envelope see our websites are almost unusable now because there's so many ads like see that's in front and that's in front I can close that but But oftentimes when I close stuff, it opens other stuff and see it freezes. And this thing won't go away.

It's just really pathetic. And these are really sad considering the content that's in it. It makes no sense. We're not very smart.

My feeling, Charlie, is that it's not that pseudoscience and superstition and new age so-called beliefs and fundamental zealotry are something new. they've been with us for as long as we've been human. We live in an age based on science and technology with formidable technological powers. Science and technology are propelling us forward at accelerating rates.

That's right. And if we don't understand it, by we I mean the general public, if it's something that, oh, I'm not good at that, I don't know anything about it, then who is making all the decisions about science and technology that are going to determine what kind of future our children live in? Just some members of Congress, but there's no more than a handful of members of Congress with any background in science at all. And the Republican Congress has just abolished its own Office of Technology Assessment, the organization that gave them bipartisan, competent advice on science and technology.

They say, we don't want to know. Don't tell us about science and technology. Surprising the danger of all this. I mean, you know, this is not the thing.

There's two kinds of dangers. One is what I just talked about, that we've arranged a society based on science and technology in which nobody understands anything about science and technology. And this combustible mixture of ignorance and power, sooner or later, is going to blow up in our faces. I mean, who is running the science and technology in a democracy if the people don't know anything about it?

And the second reason that I'm worried about this is that science is more than a body of knowledge. It's a way of thinking, a way of skeptically interrogating the universe with a fine understanding of human fallibility. If we are not able to ask skeptical questions, to interrogate those who tell us that something is true, to be skeptical of those in authority, then we're up for grabs for the next charlatan, political, or religious who comes ambling along. Stop, please.

It's a thing that Jefferson lay great stress on. It wasn't enough, he said, to enshrine some rights in a constitution or a bill of rights. The people had to be educated and they had to practice their skepticism and their education. Otherwise, we don't run the government.

The government runs us.

Throughout my life, I have witnessed dispositions in stealing of land and homes in my neighborhood.

It's changing an entire generation. People are growing up, and people are seeing that this military occupation doesn't indeed exist. And because it exists, it needs to be resisted.

You have the sense that people have reclaimed their city, despite Israel's physical control over this city. They're throwing stones, but they're also throwing hope, dreams. Because they're solid down by their politicians and the world's politicians, it's nirvana that they throw in the air. Even if this wave of protests and rebellion is somehow stopped, it's not stopped forever, it's only delayed.

Jerusalem is not about its stones and its ancient history and about its old city and about sacred places. Jerusalem is nothing if it weren't for its people. When I was about 11 and I started looking at the world and I saw that there are people actually who go to school and become stuff. Their normal was abnormal to me. So what

I hope for the future is for us to be able to have a normal life.

I think it would be a legal cancer causing chemical Oliby's. Thank you, sir. Awesome. You must be crazy.

Yeah, right. You wouldn't be there if you weren't crazy. You need to take your fucking meds, mate. Get him the fuck out of there. One day,

we'll take our masks off. This is my face. Let me see. Yo.

Years have shocked the world. Hundreds of people killed in an apparent weapons attack on a Damascus suburb. What is perhaps equally shocking is that a United Nations team of chemical weapons experts is in Syria and staying at a hotel not far from the scene. They arrived in the country three days before the alleged attack, but their limited mandate means they have not been allowed to the site. They are limited to visiting the locations

previously agreed upon with the Assad government, three places where alleged chemical weapons attacks took place. The United Nations, a Secretary General, says the team must be given access. Once again I call for an immediate investigation of this latest incident. Western diplomats had hoped that once on the ground the UN team would be able to broaden the scope of their inspections and time is not on their side. All the indications from the symptoms and the casualties and everything

else we've seen over the last 48 hours would lead us to believe it's some sort of chemical agent probably a nerve agent and we know sarin's been used in syria before now these are non-persistent agents in effect they kill people very quickly and then dissipate very quickly so that evidence will not remain on the ground for usually hours possibly days at the most a week or two so the inspection team need to get in pretty soon if they can get that evidence now pressure to allow the UN team access to the site is mounting even from Assad's strongest ally a Russian foreign ministry statement urged the Syrian government to cooperate with the UN chemical weapons experts to allow for investigations into the alleged attacks the ministry said foreign minister Sergei Lavrov and the US Secretary of State John Kerry had agreed in a telephone conversation on Thursday that an objective investigation was needed. The Assad government has denied any responsibility for the alleged attack. The Obama administration says it needs to see conclusive proof chemical weapons were used, but there is little unity in Washington on how it would respond. Fears persist over arms falling into the hands of al-Qaeda-linked rebels. France is already pushing the international community to respond with force. The longer

the Assad government prevents the UN from visiting the site, the more powerless the international community look in its efforts to try and stop the killing in Syria. Charles Stratford, Al Jazeera. Watch a massacre, continue eating pizza, walk away. Do you see what you've done to yourself?

No one knows who did this. So you can just all blame each other and then retaliate by killing everybody because this is how they celebrate when they murdered me a five-year-old grandson of mine has total trigger control present and giving firearms as refugees and with Syrian refugees I'm not okay with terrorists you know I'm okay with putting them down blacking them out just put a piece of brass and they're not your cavity and end their miserable life I'm good with that. Because Syrian refugees would be in Paris? Last summer, more than 2,000 Palestinians, mostly civilians, were killed. Over 11,000 were injured, and entire neighborhoods virtually

wiped off the map. For months, disturbing questions have been raised about what really happened when Israel launched its attack in response, it says, to Hamas rocket fire. Now, an unprecedented report has laid bare shocking allegations about the indiscriminate use of force allegations leveled by the very soldiers who were right there on the front lines

Israel claimed it always sought to avoid civilian casualties, including by issuing warnings to clear areas. But many of the soldiers say this provided a pretext to indiscriminately open fire on those left behind, even when the targets might be innocent civilians. Every man you see is not supposed to be there because he would send a place to the city to escape from the area. And if he was not supposed to be there, then he would not be afraid of it.

One soldier said his instructions were clear. Any person you run into that you see with your eyes, shoot to kill. Another said the assumption was, the moment we went in, anyone who dared poke his head out was a terrorist. This tallies with Channel 4 News' own investigation into the killing of Salim Shemali, who was shot after getting too close to Israeli soldiers.

If you send soldiers with rules of engagement that anyone in the area, in the zone where you enter, is a legitimate target and he doesn't have to pose a threat to you, the fact that he's there is the threat, you cannot say you've done everything to avoid civilian casualties. It's just a lie. This report raises some important issues, But there are some additional information to keep in mind. The claims are unbased, unsubstantiated and unnamed.

In order to make a substantial inquiry, we need to fill in the gaps. With video footage? The IDF says it's conducting its own investigations to fill in those gaps. But as anger over the devastation in Gaza lingers on, the scale and scope of these shocking new details are already intensifying demands for a major international war crimes investigation.

Hurry up, fucking shoot her before she whips a bomb out. My friend's back. Here you go.

Pop-Tart. Go get it.

Sorry, it's a little bit poisoned.

Enjoy, my friend.

How cool are Australian animals? Super cute.

See, it's the same guy.

Y'all done? Okay, this is all. This is all. Here, right here.

There you go. Right there, yeah. No, no, it's over there. Yep.

Behind you. Yeah, there you go. But that's all you get. And you better not put holes in my tent.

So, you gotta piss off after this.

No. No. Go away!

No. Go away!

Have a good night.

No!

No! No! No. Uh-uh.

Go away. No. Uh-uh. No!

Have a good night.

Go on. Don't come back here. Uh-uh. Uh-uh. Go away. No. Oh, stupid.

Go away! No. Come back tomorrow. Have a good night.

Okay, that's better. Just stay there. Just don't come close to my tent. Otherwise, you'll get a slap because you tear holes in my tent.

They learn eventually, otherwise they stop getting fed. This girl's so cute. How could you want to kill her? crazy christmas gun lady maybe it would be smart to go straight to the source if you want to kill all syrian refugees so you should go there and pop a cap in their ass heads yo is the ass head i would say fascism If you're going to complain about their English, then fuck you.

But the powers above us already knew this.

Yeah, still the son of God though, and still a God.

Breaking Bad. So Syria was a concentration camp, and now you're performing genocide? Okay, so, America's next.

Yo is all being judged. Every single fucking one of you.

So then I guess Europe and Australia won't be far from that. So the whole world. Like I said before, soon there will be too much news to cover. and you need to cover it for me but please do put it in a episode format that is entertaining despite the sickness our history books are being written right now entertain the future generations with the events that are occurring right now just imagine if you were in a classroom and you had a video to watch how would you want to receive this information if you're boring as fuck then you're going to condemn a lot of people to experience that. So please do be awesome. Soon there

will be an information overload. So please pick a particular field or country or focus And learn that and the events around it as much as possible. And then share that. So try your best to specialize.

I wouldn't normally say this, but our world's about to get crazy. And one person cannot document all of this. After hours of working on it, it failed because it ran out of hard drive space. and it had all these updates.

It wasn't my fault, but it wasted shitloads of battery.

Marilyn Monroe, trust no one.

How retarded. I don't have hardly anything on there. The updates or whatever it is took up all the space on my hard drive. Retarded.

My computer's a fucking politician.

Let's travel into the past. A secret negotiation between the Nazis and the Zionists in 1933, which allowed German Jews and their assets to go to Palestine. Rich Samuels joins us tonight with the story of the controversy behind the book and the author's struggle to write it. Rich?

Deborah, with the rise of Adolf Hitler to power in the spring of 1933, the Jews of the world were faced with a dilemma. They could raise a cry of protest, a cry few would heed, or they could make a deal with Hitler, A deal that would bring a step closer to their dream of an independent Jewish state. So did Jews everywhere. A group of Zionists at the same time was quietly negotiating an agreement with the Nazis to allow the immigration of German Jews and the transfer of their assets to Palestine.

That deal, reported in August 1933, was the transfer agreement. Palestine, sparsely settled by Jews at the time, was radically changed as a result. I lived in Palestine from 1933 to 1936. And we saw every week transports of German Jews coming to settle in Palestine.

German-Jewish settlement of Palestine was, for a time, official Nazi policy. These photos of Jewish life in Palestine, along with a lengthy text, appeared in 1934. In the Berlin paper, Derong, A Nazi Visits Palestine was the title of the multi-part series. The medal was struck by Gerbils in commemoration.

On one side, the swastika. On the other, the Star of David. For agreement, let the call for a boycott raised by Jews here and elsewhere be rejected by the Zionists. The Zionists made that concession.

You've never been told of Nazi is. National Socialism, which was the German Nazis. In 1923, a little agent who came to Hitler. Hitler, look, your Nazi party, your National Socialist Party is not getting off the ground.

You need an alliance. And he suggested that they ally with the Zionist Party.

The NA of National Socialism joined with the World Zionist Party in 1923, and after it was known as the Nazis, NAZI. The ZI was for Zionists, but of course no one knew that, because all Nazis were attacking the Jews. There was a great schism in the Jewish community between the Zionists and the non-Zionists. You see, the non-Zionists were the Orthodox Jews.

You could not have a Jewish state until the Jewish Messiah came. Acknowledged Christ as Messiah, so they were waiting for their own Jewish Messiah to come. Then you would have a Jewish state, and that Jewish state would rule the world. In 1828, they decided they couldn't wait for the Jewish Messiah, so they started what they called Reformed Judaism under Moses Hess.

And Reformed Judaism said, yes, you can have a Jewish state before the Messiah comes. And the reason you could have it was the Rothschilds had made so much money. They said, we'll buy our own state. So the Rothschilds sent people out to the Middle East to have Jewish settlements, which is today the state of Israel, totally created by the Rothschild money.

So Reformed Judaism then became a great schism between Orthodox Jews and Reformed Jews. Now, no one has ever told you this, I'm sure, But you think that the Jewish community is monolithic. In fact, it's split sharply down the middle, even today, in the Jewish parliament between the Orthodox Jews and the Reformed Jews. They cannot agree on anything because the basic premise is whether a Jewish state should even exist today.

In Germany in 1923, the German Jews were quite prosperous and quite happy, and they were not interested in becoming Zionists, and they were not interested in going to Palestine. After all, they had beautiful mansions in Germany. They had symphony orchestras, they had art, and they were accepted in the community. As Ezra Pound said, Germany, the least anti-Jewish country in Europe.

You had a very strong feeling against Jews. But in Germany, they were accepted and happy, so why would you ever have an anti-Jewish government in Germany?

Hitler, allying himself with the Zionists, he said, after all, you're right. He said, we have the same goals. And I went with the Zionist Party, and the mission of the Nazis was to force the anti-Zionist Jews to accept Zionism. And this is what the concentration camps were about.

They put the anti-Zionist Jews in the concentration camps, and they were placed under the direct administration of the Sonderkommandos, who were the Zionist Jews. So the concentration camps were run by the Zionist Jews in order to punish and get rid of the anti-Zionist Jews, which they did. And, of course, that's a part of the Holocaust that you're never told, that this was a fundamental Jewish disagreement, which the German people, Daniel Goldhagen, wrote a book, which is that all Germans cooperated in their anti-Jewish feeling and the Holocaust, which was not true at all. The Germans did not even know what was going on, most of them.

It's just like in the United States, when we were perfecting the atomic bomb and bombed Hiroshima and Nagasaki, the American people knew nothing about it. It was forbidden to mention the atomic bomb. I was serving in the Air Force at that time. We never heard of any atomic mission or atomic bomb until the bomb was dropped on Hiroshima.

So you could say the American people are guilty. of the greatest atrocity, the dropping of the atomic bomb on Japanese civilians. But that isn't true. The American people knew nothing about it.

I knew nothing about it in the Air Force. And I was right there. These things go on without the knowledge of the people or the approval of the people, except the results. These things happen, and you're stuck with it.

So this is the real story of Zionism, that the Nazis says, why didn't the Nazi Party survive? Well, what happened was, in 1945, after they were defeated, the German generals at the Nuremberg Trials had them and convicted and executed them.

The Nazis and the Zionists, they had to die, and they were executed for that reason.

Generals had troops under their command around shooting Jews or anybody else.

And so the Zionist secret was safe, and now the Zionists are in command of the world. Well, socialist allies were now gone from history, and the Zionists had a free reign so they set up the state of Israel and in fact some Jews themselves created the state of Israel which is absolutely true without it Israel would not exist the Jews would still be dispersed and they would have no country George Steiner, a very famous Jewish writer proposed this about 10 years ago he said why don't you put up a statue of Adolf Hitler in Israel well they're not likely to And because there again, the big job of criminals is to keep the truth from the people. They want, not only do they want you not to find anything, but they flood you with disinformation. Most of the stuff that you get in the press is absolute lies.

And if it's not lies, it's spin or distortions. In other words, they give you 10% of the truth and the rest is all distortions. and uh and they demonize people so that your anger i guess the holocaust people who murdered all the jews in germany and um do get very angry because of these things and uh they don't because they're not told the facts they never will be told the facts because the press is totally in the hands of the bankers because uh news is a highly intensive operation you need a lot of money you need a staff covering the whole world and it's a very expensive situation so the average truth seeker is not going to start his own television station or newspaper i did because he doesn't have a hundred million dollars that you need to even get it off the ground 159 dollar camera oh we're reduced to meetings like this which are very good and we also uh god apparently was merciful on us, and he gave us the internet. In fact, in the States, we had this total monopoly of television by three television networks, which were all controlled by Zionists.

And so along came cable, and suddenly we had all news stations and all sorts of controversial programs coming on, which of course the three Zionist networks would not touch with a 10-foot poll and the result was they were left behind they now they had 100% of television audience they now have 30% and it's dropping every year in fact it's probably less than 30% but they're cooking the books in order to maintain their advertising revenues to give a totally false picture two months five days before my birthday so much weird shit going on T.I. just to throw out the obvious I told Amnesty International what was going to happen and they fucking ignored me that's a fucking war crime if there's any real Jews left you know the ones that worship the God of Abraham yeah it's time for you to stand up now or it's too late this kingdom was supposed to be yours And the Swiss Guard guards the gold and the Pope. And the Swiss are very much involved in the Vatican and the control of the world through Roman Catholicism. Because the Swiss control the banks of Europe.

And they've been involved in the wars in Europe right around the ages. So let's have a look now at Switzerland.

As the Templars said, One for all and all for one at the ceiling of the Swiss samplers' parliament. Samplers flag in a simplified way in the same colors in the middle. This is the way how Swiss think of other religions. How they show other races.

Racists. You can see here three white racist sheep kicking a blouse. We all know what that means and they showed in the streets as the only country in the whole world probably, at least in Europe, where they are allowed to do these sort of things and I'm gonna share and prove to you in this video that the Ku Klux Klan is from Switzerland. You know the foreigners as criminals. The race is showing everybody else as a criminal.

Their racist idea, they're afraid of black and brown hands, you know, taking a Swiss passport and they're showing it in the streets. It's like Nazi Germany in the 30s, you know, and in the magazines, all the things that they show. A foreigner is being put into a black crop or something dangerous, you know, dangerous eyes and in their paranoia, you know. They're showing foreigners as criminals, and the Swiss, they are clean and neutral, and they never did something wrong, you know, they never, Adolf Hitler and all the things are showing Hitler with this sentence, yeah, it's Swiss Nazi part.

into glocks and then camouflage into clock my chin decay why is this cowbell's clan then told to come from a nose at any moment where is my cow and what is she doing words where is the damn nigger excuse me my words because i don't believe like that and what is she doing and a matter of fact it all started off in carolina in a town called new york of slavery of switzerland so I am showing the Swiss flag as the Ku Klux Klan flag. Nowadays, they sell miniature-sized belts. Tourists were sort of smiling, and the insiders might understand the fans of Germanic humor. They like this idea so much that they even have many words for it, like Ku Klok, Schellermetli, etc.

They apply these Machiavellic names to their prisons, where, of course, traditionally, and so the history of modern Switzerland goes back to 1291 AD which was a year after the last crusade in Europe the nice Templars began to congregate in the valleys that led up to the Swiss Alps and they began to persecute the genuine Christians and also the peasants living in those valleys at the time. And so Switzerland became a Templar stronghold from that time onwards. And of course they were involved in the wars of Europe from thereafter.

And we also noticed that the Swiss have a Z flag, a white cross and a red background, whereas the English have a Z flag, a red cross and a white background. And both of these parts of the world are Templar strongholds.

You are with us. We do not forget. How would you like to live under these conditions? Christmas fun lady.

You should go here. You'll like it. You just shoot all the Palestinians you want. You won't get in trouble.

Everybody's doing it. It's the trend. You can shoot the children. You can abuse the children.

You can torture the children. You can rape the children. and just full genocide for whatever you said like that, so true to you, isn't it, so true? This is your fault, you know.

No excuses. You're absolutely right that John McCain has not talked about, you're absolutely right that that is not my Christian faith. Well, what I'm saying is that he hasn't suggested that I'm Muslim. At least someone kind of knows how to use a camera.

Again. again so apparently it's okay to use a jackhammer in jefferson parish louisiana but you can't sing about jesus that's the conflict at the heart of a lawsuit filed by liberty institute on behalf of vintage church the southern baptist congregation has been under constant attack by law enforcement over accusations their worship services violate local noise ordinances now the conflict started when the church relocated to a giant tent while their building is undergoing renovations Deputies told pastor Rob Wilton that their worship services could not exceed 60 decibels about the noise level a dishwasher makes When the sound exceeded that level the church's executive pastor was issued a criminal summons in front of a stunned Congregation his fingerprint our people apparently sheriff new and his deputies have nothing better to do this holiday season season than bully a Baptist church. I'm Todd Starn. I gotta close my tent. Do you notice how these guys rarely say anything about

Palestine or Israel? Psyops. What happens after three strikes? Just cross your eyes just a little bit.

Out of fucking pizza. See this is why you need to be holding the camera. Do you see how different this is from mainstream media? This is actually real.

Keep on. Um, I'm pretty sure you don't want to become that because then you'll be earned. Emptied my entire battery on this conversion that screwed up due to updates. I really hope that I didn't make any mistakes.

Let's play a game. It's called, and we'll play it with our lives.

Yep, definitely a terrorist. We'll find all these terrorists. I'll help you do it.

Yep, stamped terrorist.

Yep, terrorist. Yep, lots of terrorist there. Moot terrorist. Yep, terrorist is what you do to terrorists, isn't it?

You flip your own language on its own head, so now I'll do the same back at you. So now all the children who you murder, yep, they're called terrorists. For my future productions, this is what I will call them for now on. So, yep, it'll be fun.

Yep, a living language. Let's check out this terrorist

Let's check out these terrorists okay, so you got like a man with a cape and a Bottle and a bottle which probably has like petrol or something in it. Yeah, these terrorists are going down

Die terrorists, there's nothing heroic about what they're doing

Look at all these terrorists. It's okay. It's only terrorists. Is this a terrorist?

Do you like that? We'll just throw all of our terrorists in here and then the good people can enjoy a peaceful life. It was right in front of you the entire time. But yo is really stupid.

What? Are you? What's that? Are you?

And when a democratic democratic state explains that you're blinding our people not outside, but outside Because I've spent my whole life trying to tell you this You did your job You should feel proud of yourself My brain never worked like this I just thought you were all idiots Attention, take a look at this crowded waiting room people may appear to be waiting for the eye doctor, but they're actually waiting for the first test subject in our hidden camera experiment. And here she is, right on time for her 12 o'clock appointment. Hi, how are you doing? This woman thinks she's here for a free eye exam. Have you

been here before? Well, it's my first time. What she doesn't know is that everyone else in this room is working for us. They'll be with you in just a couple minutes. Today we're running an

experiment on social conformity and the test starts now sure did what's going on in that brain it doesn't take long for our test subject to notice a pattern beep means stand up but why and if you were in her shoes what would you do the next time the tone sounds while you might think you make your decisions all on your own when it comes to peer pressure all too often Your brain is just following the crowd. How far will your brain go to be part of the team? To answer that question, we set up a hidden camera experiment to see if this woman would stand up at the sound of this tone. Simply because everyone else is.

You might be thinking you'd never go along with this. Or would you?

After just three beeps, and without knowing why she's doing it, this woman is now conforming perfectly to the group. what happens if we take the group away elaine please i would try to fuck up the pattern like that would be my brainwaves and be like what the fuck and i'll do it when the beat doesn't go now she's alone the crowd is gone and nobody is watching her except our hidden cameras what do you think she'll do she's now conforming to the rules of the group without them even being there now watch what happens when we introduce another outsider who doesn't know the rules have a seat and they'll be out in just a couple minutes thanks so much idiot number two

lemmings she'll teach the new guy what to do the cameras rolling as more unsuspecting patients arrive let's teach the entire world and slowly but surely what began as a random rule for this woman has now become the social norm for everyone in this waiting room none of them can see here to To explain what's going on in their brains is Jonah Berger of the University of Pennsylvania. This sort of internalized form of her behavior is part of what we call social learning. Starting at a very early age, when we see members of our group perform a task, our brains literally reward us for following in their footsteps. When I saw everybody stand up, I felt like I needed to join them.

Otherwise, I'm like excluded. Once I decided to go with it, then I felt much more comfortable. I feel comfortable fucking up things like that. Conformity is how we become socialized, but it can also cause us to develop bad habits or repeat past wrongs.

I'm not socialized. And it's why even this rebel, who wasn't standing for any of this nonsense, eventually joined the ranks. And the only thing more shocking than seeing how easily conformity affects the way you act, is that similar forces are subconsciously shaping the way you think. There we go, we're finally getting it.

I was considered a heretic for saying that love is my religion. But the truth was just the opposite.

Yeo, that loveth not, knoweth not God. For God is fucking love.

Let's watch this 16-year-old terrorist get what he fucking deserves. This father is definitely a terrorist. Give him some what for. That will show you. Learned your lesson. Existing.

It's better just than taking a little bit of time. No one's going to fuck with you. Your judgement? I don't think you have that. Something in his face.

There's your just cause.

Why do you do it?

What do you do?

So you can do it up to the side?

They don't mind getting beat.

They don't. Would you? That's your judgment. Yep, everybody respects you now.

you know. Check out this little fucking terrorist. Because they're defenseless. The worst they can do is patch it in a bottle and then burn it and throw it at a tank. What good's that

gonna do? Yeah, we should kill all these terrorists because they're no good. They can throw stones and they get in trouble for start throwing stones. By learning their language. It's called

fallacies and if you can't beat them join them and use their own language but when you do that show examples of what they're talking about while you use their language 66th degree test leaked is a really funny title but I think you are my sunshine is better sometimes it's better to have the really funny stuff a little hidden and the meaningful stuff as your face the really funny stuff can stay down my pants. Venus, this guy hasn't seen action in almost six years. Please fix that for me as soon as possible. The last time was Easter Monday of 2010, the day that Jenna left me and I could not finish I had to pull out and stop because it was like hey I'm leaving you but we're still married so we can have sex one last time and I couldn't do that I'll show you that email after I get a little bit of sleep. My battery's about to die. This was the day. I can just have heaps of names. I'll call it

time to say goodbye. Look familiar? Conscient? And the stars of heaven fell unto the earth Even as a fig tree casteth her untimely figs, when she is shaken of a mighty wendel.

And the heaven departed as a scroll, when it is rolled together, and every mountain and island were moved out of their places. and Venus, because we are the same entity split in two.

Thou art wearied in the multitude of thy counsels. Let now the astrologers, the stargazers, the monthly prognosticators, stand up and save the from these things that shall come upon the flags habits of colored cloth that governments use first to shrink wrap people's brains and then as ceremonial shrouds to bury the dead as military as an institution is very Corrupt is On spreading death Is just asinine We're nation destroyers That's what we're trained to do We're all congratulated at Hills I don't know my company is the same individual Levina Johnson would have 23 this month But three years ago the African American Teenager from Missouri Was found dead in Bladara Just a few weeks short of her 20th birthday Her body was found in a tent Belonging to the private military contractor Kellogg Brown and Ruth She'd abrasions all over her body, a broken nose, a black eye, burned hands, loose teeth, acid burns on her genitals, a bullet hole in her head. The army labelled Lena Johnson's death, a suicide. They told her parents she died of self-inflicted non-combat injuries.

According to specialist James Barker's statement, he and another soldier took it in turns to rape the 14-year-old girl. The girl's parents and 5-year-old sister were shot dead. Of the two adults, the teenager was being sexually assaulted. He said, they're all dead.

He put the weapon dead to the 14-year-old and then shot her dead, too. Before they left, they poured kerosene over the girl's body and set it alight. They returned to their checkpoint, and Barker said he grilled some chicken wings. Four years ago, at the age of 19, Ms. Jamie Lee Jones signed a contract to become an employee of KBR, then a burden subsidiary.

Ms. Jones arrived in the outside world container. Center for Defense Information. 51% of your federal income taxes go specifically to military spending.

Not health care or education, but war. Too cute. Oh, you're a puppy. Was her child one of an increasing number born with deformities since the war, like this?

Massive growth, which was rapidly spreading across the little girl's face. Case after case of differing deformities without any real explanation, except their parents' suspicions that the deformities were caused by chemicals such as white phosphorus used by the Americans during the war. In a minute, the depleted uranium round will trigger 10,000 pulses in about 40 seconds. This type of ammunition is radioactive because it is made of nuclear waste, referred to as uranium-238 or depleted uranium.

And it's unused for a long time. This material is left over from the processing of uranium-234 used for atomic bombs and uranium-235 used for nuclear power plants. uranium-238 remains radioactive for four and a half billion years and its toxicity reveals itself as soon as particles are inhaled or ingested cancer and birth defects are the most common side effects an obligation to every last victim of this illegal aggression because all of this carnage has been done in our name since world war ii 90 percent of the casualties of war are unarmed civilians, a third of them children. Our victims have done nothing to us. From

Palestine to Afghanistan to Iraq to Somalia to wherever our next target may be, their murders are not collateral damage. They are the nature of modern warfare. They don't hate us because of our freedoms. They hate us because every day we are funding and committing crimes against humanity. The so-called war on terror is a cover for our military aggression to

gain control of the resources of Western Asia. This is sending the poor of this country to kill the poor of those Muslim countries. This is trading blood for oil. This is genocide. And

to most of the world, we are the terrorists. In these times, remaining silent on our response future is criminal. Complicity in the supreme crimes against humanity in Iraq and Afghanistan, violations of the UN chartered international law, distance to illegal our so-called editors There wasn't doubt five years ago.

In support of those American war resisters, the real military heroes, the Constitution of the United States, Washington, D.C. Just stop using money.

If someone is hungry, feed them. If someone is homeless, house them. If someone is suffering, do whatever you can to alleviate that suffering without inflicting oppression. Set individuals up to pursue their passions.

you will see the benefits of doing that.

international community. I thank the chairman, the ranking members for the opportunity to offer testimony today. Prior to 2009, I felt that supporting the IPCC consensus on climate change was a responsible thing to do. I bought into the argument, don't trust what one scientist says, trust what an international team of a thousand scientists has said after years of careful deliberation that all changed for me in november 2009 following the leaked climate gate emails that illustrated the sausage making and even bullying that went into building the consensus i started speaking out saying that scientists needed to do better at making the data and supporting information publicly available being more transparent about how they reach conclusions doing a better job of assessing uncertainties and actively engaging with scientists having minority perspectives the response of my colleagues to this is summed up by the title of a 2010 article in the scientific american climate heretic judith curry turns on her colleagues i came to the growing realization that i had fallen into the trap of groupthink i had accepted the consensus based on second order evidence the assertion that a consensus this existed. I began making an independent assessment of topics in climate science that

had the most relevance to policy. And what have I concluded from this assessment? Human-caused climate change is a theory in which the basic mechanism is well understood, but whose magnitude is highly uncertain. No one questions that surface temperatures have increased overall since 1880, or that humans are adding carbon dioxide to the atmosphere or that carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases have a warming effect on the planet.

However, there is considerable uncertainty and disagreement about the most consequential issues, whether the warming has been dominated by human causes versus natural variability, how much the planet will warm in the 21st century, and whether warming is dangerous. The central issue in the scientific debate on climate change is the extent to which the recent and future warming is caused by humans versus natural climate variability. Research effort and funding has focused on understanding human causes of climate change. However, we have been misled in our quest to understand climate change by not paying sufficient attention to natural causes of climate variability, in particular from the sun and from the long-term oscillations and ocean circulations.

Why do scientists disagree about climate change? The historical data is sparse and inadequate. There's disagreement about the value of different classes of evidence, notably the value of global climate models. Period.

There's disagreement about the appropriate logical framework for linking and assessing the evidence. And scientists disagree over assessments of areas of ambiguity and ignorance. How then and why have climate scientists come to a consensus about a very complex scientific problem that the scientists themselves acknowledge as substantial and fundamental uncertainties? Peace, world.

Climate scientists have become entangled in an acrimonious political debate that has polarized the scientific community. As a result of my analyses that challenge IPCC conclusions, I have been called a denier by other climate scientists, and most recently by Senator Sheldon Whitehouse. My motives have been questioned by Representative Grijalva in a recent letter sent to the president of Georgia Tech. There is enormous pressure for climate scientists to conform to the so-called consensus.

This pressure comes not only from politicians, but from federal funding agencies, universities and professional societies, and scientists themselves who are green activists. Reinforcing this consensus for strong monetary, reputational and authority interests. In this politicized environment, advocating for carbon dioxide emissions reductions is becoming the default expected position for climate scientists. This advocacy extends to the professional society that publish journals and organize conference.

Policy advocacy, when combined with understating the uncertainties, risks destroying science's reputation for honesty and objectivity. Without wish, scientists become regarded as merely another lobbyist group. Idiots. I would like to thank the committee for raising the issue of data versus dogma in support of improving the integrity of climate science.

This concludes my testimony.

We don't win by giving up, but I do love you, sir.

You are awesome.

You've helped me a lot throughout my life, because that's what they do. Do that?

Yeah, I'm sure that I would approve. You guys don't even believe.

Fucking infidels.

Here's the difference between Zionism and Judaism. Look carefully because you might miss it if your eye's not very keen. Did you see it or did you blink too fast? what about this one can you tell the difference here fucking little terrorist bastards a psychological condition wherein the sufferer believes themselves to be Jesus Christ the messianic figure sent to earth to save humanity why would you be interested in that subject Russell you're such an unassuming well balanced young man well my interest is being piqued by the knowledge that there is a mental hospital in Jerusalem with a ward exclusively dedicated to sufferers of the Messiah complex. Don't you think that's a bit of a cruel thing to do to someone who thinks they're Jesus

or in a room full of other people? Jesus. Flickshaw. Still to be the son of God in Jerusalem's holy city.

Oh, I'm gonna have to stop you there, brother.

For did I that wear the thorny crown and bear the golden chalice of our law? You are mistaken. You are sick with a malady, but I heal thee. I heal thee. I heal thee.

You are mistaken. You are mistaken. You are mistaken. You are mistaken.

You are mistaken. You are mistaken. You are mistaken, but I forgive you. Oh, well played.

he just posted that an hour ago good morning beautiful want some forbidden fruit come on i'm inviting you in come on uh-huh you have a leaf stuck to your paw is it called a paw anyway you're pretty cute so let's all save the environment because the only way in which we can do it is through internet censorship. It's time for us to create a transparent government and the way we do that is to silence those who question it. I wonder how Anonymous will respond to this. Remember when I said that if you are not gods and you try to be gods, then it'll blow up in your face.

Ooh. Scientists are also retarded. So are teachers and every other field of practice. I'm not discriminating.

You are all retarded. Except yo mentally challenged individuals. They're the only ones with brains out there.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



20-Ivory-Heart-III-Take-19-XIX-This-Is-Sparta

It will get a lot warmer for you, sir, because this is where you are going after 666 fucking emails, because I'm sure that's what the Jesus you worship tells you to do, blood for blood, fucking NPC. let's see what she has to say because god is about to judge her lisa haven news you can count on i think the best thing to do right now is to delve straight into this report okay do it let's first start with muslim mosques being off limits we'll start there just a quick break here to let you know about a very important product getthetea.com now this is a tea product that will literally cleanse your system from toxins and chemicals and things that affect your body i personally take it and i back it make sure you check it out getthetea.com getthetea.com back to the report all right bart news daily former fbi counterterrorism agent reports vast majority of mosques Islamic centers are part of a jihadist network that's a fact I'm not I'm not trying to say anything that's not true but this is 100% the fact that I'm not gonna be scared of Islam I'm not gonna be scared of speaking out toward the things that are happening I'm gonna go on telling everybody what's truly going on. She's psyops and creating racial tension. She's undeniably linking Islam with ISIS. I don't think I've ever heard her speak about the horrors in Israel. She doesn't link

ISIS with the U.S. of A. She promotes guns in the hands of idiot civilians. Government's working with with the CIA if our if our I mean I'm not with the CIA but with it why would she say that her language didn't even stuff her meaning up she just randomly said that she's not with the CIA can't we just use our language uncorrupted it should be anonymous says U.S. planning

attacks in U.S., Paris, elsewhere, yo, holy day. There's an agenda. I think there's an agenda. Simply stating the facts and allowing you to decide and telling you what the leakers are saying.

Anyhow. Pretty funny, eh?

Go away.

for a mass demonstration violating the state of emergency here in Paris that makes it illegal. Right in front of us we have a police helicopter flying the state of emergency here in Paris, France. Holding a camera, one individual. All throughout Paris right now, escalations are ahead.

We're facing one year, obviously defying emergency, but we're also seeing hundreds of riot police. It's silly, isn't it? You can see all the ones lined up. They're unsafe because the police are there.

If Paris really was in a state of emergency, would that even be possible? Stay in your houses. Look how funny this is. A fireball.

TJ Del Santo was in the middle of his future accounts when he noticed something streaking across the Providence skyline and some real interest in social media, right TJ? It certainly was. Fireballs can be seen in the sky on occasion. They're usually most noticeable at night But sometimes they are bright enough to be seen in broad daylight It was probably a matter of luck than anything else That we caught a fireball live on television I mean, while live pictures from the hurricane barrier in Providence This happened Sunday morning at 8.17am While I was delivering the 7 day future cast I was showing the hurricane barrier cam When I noticed a streak of light just over the smokestack In the center of the screen At first I was startled at what I saw But once I processed in my head what I might have seen, I had to tell the viewers at home what happened This fireball was obviously very bright and you can actually see a debris trail starting to the right of the smokestack Isn't this green screen?

Moving to the left, in this perspective the meteor was moving from north into the south The question remains, what was this object? Experts who contacted me on Twitter told me that it could have been a geminin meteor But they're not sure You can see it, look, look, green screen With a piece of space debris burning up in our atmosphere What the fuck? Very cool. Eyewitness News did not receive any reports, by the way, of debris reaching the ground.

You know, when I was observing stuff and talking about shit, you know, like, I didn't notice this here, but then I saw it and I was like, had to look and make sure that, you know, wow, what the fuck, man? Do you see that? I really hope that I don't get censored. This is all really, really, really funny.

Again, what war are they talking about? Peacemate. But we did not have any warning.

Here's my independent assessment.

Listen, she just said, my God, and you better believe it. I said shit like that to my parents, and they called me crazy.

The world does not work like that, Wendell. Sucked over 20,000 baby dicks in heaven.

The life and death of God's warriors.

Also, please send proof that it is coming from you because I have a lot of enemies. Namely, everyone. I fucking live it. Here's the seventh.

How many times should I forgive my siblings? Because it just hit eight. The entire fucking world. Are you ready for this fucking terrorist little bastard?

You're sixty. Yay, no mistakes. Made us change some of our freedoms. And I think it's really important for the people to stick up for their freedoms and their civil liberties.

The goal of terrorism is not just to kill people. The goal is to instill terror in people and to make them become what they are not. The Pentagon and the contractors are kind of masters of using the fear tactic to get more of our tax money, making billions and billions of dollars. But our nation was founded on speaking out, solving these problems.

By clamping down on whistleblowers, we're working in the wrong direction. We're actually not making ourselves any safer. It's making us exactly the kind of government we don't want. The most important thing you can do is think critically.

Look at the claims that are being put to you by authority figures, by teachers, by everyone around you, even by your friends and your family, the people that you love and you trust, and go, what do I think about this? What's the evidence to support it? There's a check of public opinion, and that can't take place if the public can't learn what's going on and if our sources are being prosecuted. It's an issue of great importance to reporters everywhere.

But in terms of using the mechanisms of government to silence aggressive journalism, that's never worked in the past. It's not going to work now. We'll still be here when the smoke clears. Yo, call of duty.

Pargets and it looks good. Expediency.

Not to Germany all over again. Inside of a drone is the only thing that a person on the ground would see. We were, uh, any... Bragging about it?

Whenever that possibility came up, at the time it was by association, or sometimes we didn't even consider other people that were on screen. It weighs on your conscience, it weighs on your soul, it weighs on your heart. The think of what you're shooting at as human, the easier it comes for you to do with these shots when they come down. It's dark and you're watching lights blinking on and off, and I'm just thinking about what's happening on the other end.

what did I just facilitate helping with this? What did we facilitate by helping with this?

Use of terms like a fun-sized terrorist or little non-sequitur terms like cutting the grass before it grows too long, referring to the possibility of killing children or anything like that. It was, you say these things as sort of a mental exercise to somehow rationalize the possibility or perhaps deal with the reality that's already come to pass that you've possibly killed children.

I took a shower, put on my clothes, walked to the job, sat down for an intelligence briefing, went out and flew the mission, went back home and drank myself to sleep.

Every night? Every night. The one common thing was, after every shift, was a lot of alcohol. A lot of alcohol consumption.

It was the culture there. Nobody had an alcohol problem. It was everybody drank. It became a sleep aid, really.

Everybody did something to take an edge off to reform reality, so you didn't have to think about what you did. I started having nightmares about kids or mothers dying and me trying to help them, and I couldn't. I just feel helpless, and I knew it was partially my fault.

Partially. The general mentality was that hellfire shots were like trophies. People who joined the military, we joined because of things that we learn in school. Honestly, we learn about our government and the things it was founded on, our Constitution.

Americans are always afforded due process.

Liability at home. If the plane crashes, there's no one on our end that dies. They haven't honored the Constitution.

They should be fighting for that more than anything.

And that's why I voted for Obama, because I thought he was a constitutional lawyer, so he would, and I'm just really disappointed. Americans, we respect human dignity even when we're threatened, which is why I have prohibited torture and worked to make sure our use of new technology like drones is properly constrained.

Conventional air power or missiles are far less precise than drones and are likely to cause more civilian casualties and more local outrage. Washington will allege that they're a very precise weapon, and they are. and that missile will hit where you're aiming it and all that accepted you then ask the question why are so many civilians still getting killed it's it's not a good way to win a war in the long term sometimes you question why some of these uh why any of those missions were even launched in the first place because of your actions some child is not going to see their father or their mother or their grandmother or their grandfather that night. They're gone.

Let's look into these little terrorists.

What do you mean by the economic crisis? What are the factors of the migration? All the situation in the 1948 is a joke and a joke that between the night and the worst of people and the wrong people is to die. This is not happening every day.

And being a majority of the country will become a very low in the country. And being in a city of 90,000 will have become a thousand. If suddenly you can come back to the morning Even when we talk about the big issues, the daily program has no meaning for you. There isn't a man in the house, or a man in the area, or a milk in the area, or a milk in the area.

It's a whole thing for the world, and the meaning of it. There is no place in all of Yafaa and Haifa, only thousands of Palestinians In the last couple of years, there was a place called Gaito, the Gaito Arabian in Yafaa, the Gaito Arabian in Haifaa, in Haifaa, in Haifaa, and in the near future of Yafaa, and in the last couple of years, and the rest of the Gaito Arabians, . . .

. And the heart of Palestine disappeared. That is, that the center that was located towards the areas There are localities without a door, and there are localities without a middle line. The middle line disappeared.

The middle line disappeared. The line that was able to create the legalities, the legalities, the meaning, and the goals, from the written words, the text and the text, it was a matter of the old age. The ability to imagine the future, the meaning of the future, the meaning of the future. Cyclopea is back.

I feel like I'm the only one left in this world who knows mythology, and even more so believes mythology. And it begins, must, Justified through faith in God. And after the abominations have been destroyed, eat a pizza. I've already washed my hands of your blood war.

Not gonna have anything to do with it. You came here to listen to him and told him to shut his mouth? He was a terrorist. The worst part was not to say that the gentlemen in India were expressing their pain in such away was people start clapping and cheering and that's what i was kind of like more taken by is going on in the middle of you and france and what this president is doing to this country this is not a good time post-conist time right now right now what we what we looking at this is this is evil

idiocracy

My first reaction is, you know, I'm not going to lump everybody in the county or anybody in my area. Just because of actions with you, I wouldn't be any different than, you know, those people.

Sick. I don't think he would need it. Oh, well.

See? It can't distinguish syntax from semantics.

So I guess it would be a zero.

It's called a leading question, and it's not logical. I don't have friends or colleagues. no worries abomination it's the same with paperwork when it asks you for your address or your phone number or something like that because it assumes that you have one and it's really fucked up when you can't get through the paperwork if you don't have what it asks because that's not logical yet your governments are forcing this faulty mode of logic upon you and they think it's okay and you think it's okay too this guy's like my best friend now always hanging around i think it wants food but i've given it too much today and i think it's a girl i think the guys have that little dangly thing on their necks they can't speak logic tell me what information truly is this lady revealing israel has the right to defend themselves do you believe that the palestinians and guys have the right to defend themselves i think i'm not sure what you're getting at you think that all is sending a strong deterrent message and that's all there is and that remains within the accepted proportionate proportion whatever I don't think that's what I stated say that there's obviously a range of circumstances on the ground right now as you all know there are the unfortunate recent deaths of the three teenagers there are there is the kidnapping and then the beating of the other teenager, there is violence and back and forth. I don't have to repeat for you, you know exactly what happened on the ground and you don't have to repeat for me. But you feel that sort of the Israeli airwaves,

like maybe hundreds of them so far this day, are proportionate to the rockets? That's not, I wouldn't validate the accuracy of that number, but I would say, Said, I would say, Said, that I don't think any country would be expected to allow rockets to come in and threaten the lives and health and well-being of the citizens in their country, and Israel has the right to defend themselves. So what's your answer? Do you think the Palestinians and the guys have the right to defend themselves?

You didn't answer that. I think, I'm not sure what you're getting at, Said. I'm asking you, do they have the right to defend themselves against the Israeli aggression? What are you specifically referring to?

Is there a specific event or a specific occurrence? Do they have the right to respond to Israeli rocketing and bombing their homes, their houses? We're talking about attacks from a terrorist organization, Saeed. I don't think we're having a conversation about what's happening here.

Do you agree that there's a civilian population in Gaza that is also subject to... Certainly, and the threat, as I mentioned earlier, to civilian populations is of great concern to us, and that's one of the reasons why we're so focused on encouraging all sides to de-escalate. So what's your answer? Let's get to who's first.

So I knew it would be, say, you, Saeed. Go ahead. Thank you. So can we start with the Palestinian-Israeli?

We certainly can. Fight over Gaza. Yesterday, you took issue with my number. Today, the Israelis acknowledge that they have waged, as of 1 o'clock this morning, our time, they have waged 160 bombing runs over Gaza.

39 Palestinians have been killed, including all family, children, and so on. Are you doing anything beyond just calling for restraint to actually bring about some sort of a de-escalation or a quiet? Well, let me first give you a brief update on the Secretary's diplomatic engagement, as well as the administration, I should say. Secretary Kerry spoke with Prime Minister Netanyahu this morning, and he plans to speak with President Abbas over the next 24 hours.

There's a bit of a time-change challenge, as you all know, given he's in China. What content are you giving here? White House coordinator Phil Gordon is in Jerusalem and the West Bank today and has been meeting with key decision makers on both sides. He met today with President Abbas.

And the secretary, as I noted yesterday, has been making calls over the past 24 hours to world leaders as we continue to evaluate the situation and look for ways to stop the rocket attacks. As I mentioned yesterday, and I want to reiterate, certainly no country should be expected to stand by. Well, rocket attacks from a terrorist organization are launching into their country and impacting innocent civilians. At the same time, in the Secretary's conversations, in the conversations of all of our senior administration officials, they've been encouraging all sides to de-escalate the situation.

And certainly, we don't want to see any civilian casualties. So what's your fucking answer? And that is one of the prominent reasons why it's so important to move forward and de-escalate the situation on the ground. Okay, you also make very clear time and time again Israel's right to self-defense.

And I asked you about the Palestinians' right to self-defense. Let me ask you this. The population in Gaza, is it largely Hamas operatives or largely innocent civilians? And if there are largely Hamas operatives, then...

Terrorist organization? Terrorist organization? But if there are largely civilians, then they should have... Terrorist.

certainly the right to sell. Well, Said, I would simply say there's a strong difference between attacks, rocket attacks launched by a terrorist organization that is based in Gaza and the right of Israel to defend itself. At the same time, as you know, we work closely with the Palestinians. We work closely with the Israelis.

It's important at this point in time to see if all sides can take steps to de-escalate. How could you follow, or do you have any means of following what is going on in the ground in Gaza? in terms of humanitarian suffering, people that lack of water, lack of medical care, lack of food, things of that nature. Do you have anyone underground in Gaza that can monitor the situation?

Saeed, I think we are concerned about any humanitarian suffering around the world. What's the answer? As you know, that isn't about sides. That's about what's right morally.

You want to answer? Do you have any more questions on this issue? No, I'm not going to answer either. Have you answered anything?

Mr. Gordon, Phil Gordon said yesterday in a speech at the peace conference, he said that the current Israeli government is not committed to peace. Those were his words. Do you agree?

Well, I think it's been clear that both sides haven't made the difficult choices needed to continue the peace process. And when there's an absence of peace or a peace process, there's a vacuum left. That at times is filled by violence. So that's the circumstance we're looking at now.

He said both sides. He said the current Israeli government is not committed to peace. I'm not going to parse his words, but let me finish. We've consistently said that both sides didn't make the necessary choices needed to continue the process.

I think we have one more for you, and then we've got to move on. One more, I promise. And he also said that Israel continues to deny the Palestinians sovereignty, security, and dignity. Do you agree with that assessment?

I'm not going to parse his words. As you know, there are difficult issues. Let me finish, Saeed, with strong emotional feelings when it relates to these tough choices that need to be made around the peace process. Certainly, the Secretary, the President, still believe, as the President wrote in his op-ed, that that is the right path towards a stable and secure long-term Middle East.

And that's why we're keeping the door open to a peace process in the future. I think we need to move on to other questions. Samir, go ahead. You didn't answer any of them.

I missed out one.

Ignoratio elenchi. Irrelevant conclusion. Missing the point.

It's time for you to print yourself this out.

Keep it with you, and when you get incarcerated, say that you need that because that is your lawyer. They won't let you have electronic devices, so unfortunately, we have to destroy some trees to save the world by pointing out our own stupidity. It is good to see that our conference on the environment has done good in this world. Sick. Booyah. What I

got arrested and put in prison for and censored. Look how stupid this is. Yep and I told everybody it was that too. Don't use that word. They're child molesters.

that word has divine origins and you all corrupt it i told everybody that too yep i told everybody that too yep told everybody that too yep i told everybody all of that yep i told everybody they do that they're not gentle with them at all not us is what they make them say sometimes i did have evidence too just so you know i wasn't just saying crap had lots of evidence, actually. That's why I went to Canberra, because a lot of homeless people around the world were saying it. Yeah, around the world, and I tracked it back to Canberra.

And I spent one year, three months, twelve days investigating it, and then once I got all the proof that I needed, I left there. I fled there, actually. And it took a long while to track me down.

Yeah, that's how they get them.

That's why homeless children are so precious to them also I've heard a lot of stories about drug addicted mothers usually heroin and stuff like that and they need to get their next fix and they make a deal of course there's holes and lies yeah you can't trust any organization everywhere all of the above stop using that word because that word means friendly love of a child friendly love of a child philia friend and pedo being child and it sometimes does have romantic connotations but i say romantic connotations you guys are idiots so that's what they use the pretext that since i'm using a camera to try to find a beautiful young girl that I'm the one that's a creep when they're the ones fucking them. And not just fucking them, but raping them. Yep. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Yep. Yeah. See,

it's just the opposite. They flipped everything. Okay. There's evidence that you, the writer of this article, doesn't know what they're talking about because you're using the wrong words you can call them child abusers or child molesters or child rapists but that doesn't hold the same fucking connotations that you're implying there yeah ritualistic that's what i said mm-hmm yeah common yeah because they're the ones that run it routine yeah suppression you trust them i kept on telling you not to trust them i can't believe you thought that they would it makes you stupid become corrupted they were always corrupted and how are you going to fix it because people do have those feelings and that's why nudism could help because nudism would really help our society and if you want to fight me on that then fuck you because you're fucking stupid it's so fucking huge and we gotta stop this whole 18 plus is what an adult is fuck you stop using that fucking word read your greek text and you'll learn something because your educational structures don't teach you this shit the reality is you don't know the words you use because they've been corrupted by these people because that controls you fuck you you did when i was in prison thank you finally it only took you a while to protect your children unimaginable that's what you do and then it will keep happening won't it

cannot or throw people who whistleblow it in prison in psychiatric wards globally daily basis so they do but they don't really believe in Satan they believe in themselves infidels they made up what Satan says so they put words in Satan's mouth your comprehension like that's really funny because you're using that in an incorrect way yeah yeah and they make us out to be crazy and everybody thinks that since they made us out to be crazy that we're crazy stop using that word, change divine things to evil things, that's a divine word, you're fucking evil for using it, stop using it, and you'll be forgiven, yeah, they'll put you in a suitcase after they're finished with you, if you, well, I've heard a lot of different things, but a suitcase has come up multiple times, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, see, told you,

They'll put younger kids in suitcases too, not just babies.

They'll make them fit.

The camera's about to die, I gotta charge it and finish this paragraph and then I'll come back.

I'm gonna focus on this a little bit today.

Told ya.

When I got censored, the doctor told me to leave it alone in the future or I would be in a forensics hospital for the rest of my life.

Humans made up, not ones given by Satan. You see there's six pages of it, I'm not going to go through all of them because I've spent my whole career showing you this and getting in trouble for doing it, but yeah you should read it yourself. I'll do a copy link, you can just go to wake up world. Is it possible that I've showed you this link already?

It doesn't matter. open your eyes world is this being discussed in your media i wonder why not why won't they address the issues and why do they incarcerate and medicate those who speak against it it's already public and to some extent was public before and i provided that evidence too that was before I got caught for it all it's really bad when you get caught for doing something right you do something right you get put in prison you do something wrong and you get a fucking Nobel Peace Prize you all already hate me anyway so I'll just reveal to you more truth the legal age to marry and And the legal age of consent is enforced in order to tempt those who are psychologically wired towards that direction to join them.

But they have it all wrong because you can't have a relationship. You can only fuck them and you can kill them if you want to. People they don't like, they'll just imprison, and that way they have a constant flow of pedophiles coming in and acting as the face of action in which our society takes against those sort of atrocities. God sets the rules, and not man.

And when man thinks that they can set the rules and then enforce those oppressive ideologies upon man, upon all of man, then man will become wicked because the natural tendencies of man are altered. it's really hot he has like a fan in there and you know all the luxuries of home life in the bush so what a camper how can a law appropriately assess and determine whether or not an individual is mature enough to commit themselves to a romantic relationship. It cannot. So often have I seen a really mature 12 year old and an idiot 18 year old or a really mature 9 year old and all the rest of the idiot adults. Shall I assess all of you fucking idiot adults as not being mature enough

to partake in a romantic relationship? Because the truth is you aren't and you end up hating each other. And then you have kids with the one you hate. And then you bring those kids up in environments in which hate and then you teach your kids to repeat the process.

You try and force your kids to appreciate that you are giving them a roof when you forced their existence upon them and you rarely are able to provide for their emotional needs. You stick them in front of the TV to become copies of your wicked self. What's wrong? I don't have any food for you.

Whatcha doing? Whatcha doing? Whatcha doing? Whatcha doing?

Whatcha doing? Whatcha doing? Whatcha doing? Whatcha doing?

You're crazy. You're crazy. Whatcha doing? Whatcha doing?

Whatcha doing? Episode 3, The Buckeye, which we watched recently about Casino and All In, and now check it out.

Leaf of Grass.

Right after I got here, it was closed, and I did this scene, and I guess the person was living in there and heard me, and banned me from ever coming back to it. it is long I warn you I need to stay over here and that's some stuff I can try to sell but if that doesn't work out then I won't be able to stay here and I want to stay here I mean I can just camp they have like little campsites I can just camp here and it'd be cool but if that doesn't work out then over here deep in there will be my new home until until my next pay which is next saturday so i got seven days um and the two days that i'm gonna spend here i don't got any money for food after that um so that's the situation um but but i'm gonna tell you why i don't care about that sort of stuff and why i get through and while i i'll do something to figure it out how to live and to be honest i'll probably starve like that's what i usually do i I usually just go without, because I can't, I have troubles talking to people.

Like, even asking to sell something, like, do you want this? Like, how am I going to do that? It's so difficult. It's not easy at all.

Maybe I'll try to find a few food places, but I know Byron Bay doesn't have a lot of free food services. And to be honest, that's bad stuff, because then people know you that you don't want to know you. So it's a really good idea to stay away from that.

But now I guess I'll talk to you about camera. And this is why I don't care about all of this. I mean, this is why I've done all of this. Like, do you want to know why I've done all this?

Because there's a big problem in our society. And I've been looking, I've been trying to gather evidence before I said anything. And I'm sorry, but I failed. um but but the thing is how much evidence is like over 200 eyewitness uh and victims like like over 200 people that are talking to me about this and many things actually lining up um so there is a conspiracy going on and and all i see i was trying i went to camera to try to film uh film it try to get something some proof so i could expose it but i ended up exposing a whole bunch of other stuff um which i guess is awesome uh but at the end of the day that's not um how many eyewitnesses do you need for proof how many victims do you need for proof i mean you have free education that will help us do this that will help everything i'm doing but There's a big reason. How do I talk about this? Let's talk about pedophilia. Let's tackle the subject. Straight on. So we'll ease into it by tackling it straight on. And you'll understand why soon.

Okay, so me, I am a pedophile. My name is Wendell NeSmith, and Wendell Charles NeSmith, do it official and stuff. And I am a pedophile. But the thing is, I'm a pedophile in the ancient sense of the term, the real sense, the meaning of it.

Look at the words. You got filio, which is love of, and pedos, which is child-friendly love of a child. And is raping a child friendly love of a child? I don't think so.

Is hurting a child friendly love of a child? I don't think so. is doing anything that a child doesn't want to do against their will or that's against their interest like is doing something to their body that their body's not ready for is that is that friendly love of a child like okay so we corrupted this for pedophilia and to be honest i think we did it i think it was done as a control thing like okay yeah i got conspiracies going on in my head because i've been filming a lot of them i've exposed a lot of them um but i've been trying to find i've been trying to figure out this one there's this core one that i've been trying trying my best because i care about it more than everything and i've been trying so hard because it means everything so let's go to the minotaur minotaur um ariadne uh the puzzle and we gotta think like there's there's sacrifices there's child sacrifices here and and you see what happened was traveling around australia so so i came from america to australia and uh homeless homeless and in melbourne and then i started to talk to people that probably shouldn't have um but i didn't have another detroit i needed food and stuff like that like so i got i got i heard a lot of things and the thing is that that people that were aggressive you know i would stay away from it was only like the kind ones and the thing is that there was sometimes there's like people that are messed up that were really kind and i would i would i would appreciate them for everything they had to give um but the thing is there's a reason they're messed up and there's a reason they're in their situation too um just like there's a reason i'm in my situation uh but but we think they're crazy we think people like this are crazy because they're saying things that our government doesn't doesn't you know say it's true or our government really hides you know So we're saying, okay, because our government's not officially stating that it happens, then it's not true. And anything outside of that is a conspiracy.

And, like, really, there's screwed up stuff going on with our government. And the thing is, I think a lot of this is our government doing it. Or at least enabling it to be done. And now I want to talk about it.

So, okay, child molestation, rape, things like that, like rape. Any way you look at it, no matter the age, terrible thing to do. Doing things with the child that you shouldn't be doing. Of course, I mean, look at the biology and look at the other person's biology and then, you know, make some logical decisions and you'll come to the point where you shouldn't be doing anything with someone that's not physically, mentally, or spiritually ready.

So there's three parts of the equation. You know why I've got to wait until I get married? Because we've got to make sure that those three parts are exactly in line. And then we'll figure out how to get married.

We'll do it as quick as we can. Maybe you'll be 16 and we'll be able to get married or something like that. We can find out ways. But we've got to make sure and we've got to make that commitment.

And that's it. you know and that's it there's you know i mean i can't do it again i can't i can't get married again and then screw it up and i have this i'm searching for my soulmate because i can't do it i i need my one i need my one and i do all this crap that you see around me to try to find her um like this sort of stuff that i do isn't really receptive to women um so so but but the whole money is i'm only looking for one and i need to find that one that works with me and and vice versa because i got a lot of crap to give i mean i got everything i give everything i give everything um back to the story i'm sorry we're getting sidetracked i mean this is really hard um so in melbourne you know i started talking to some people um that heard about about a big um a big child molestation rink in canberra uh and and they didn't really know much about it but it got me going you know what the crap that's not cool i mean this is the heart of our country you know i'm all about the heart and and i'm hearing something like that and it's like well this person obviously was crazy but but the thing is i'm a philosopher i know all too well that people say the things they say for a reason so when you can try to track back why they say those things and then when they retell their experiences and how much of those experiences were true and how much of them were true to them but might not necessarily have been true to the facts and how much they're stretching the truth because you've got all of these factors that come into play and every time someone recounts their experience and stories I have to be the one figuring this out But the thing is that I hear so many of them, lots and lots and lots. So then I go, you know, when that person says the same thing as that person, that said the same thing as that person, that said the same thing as that person, that said the same thing as that person. You're crazy.

These people are crazy because you say they're crazy because society tells you to say they're crazy. Just like it tells you to alienate me, it tells you to make me homeless because I'm psychologically inclined towards romance instead of money. um and and i'm sorry this is so hard because another story came i mean there's quite a few in melbourne about about my heart and and then you know i went on and ended up in ballarat and then i got more i got more and then you know i'm my ears are going too and you know some things just sound crazy, and then other things sound, sound true, and then, especially when there's consistencies, and then other things sound true, that sound crazy too, so it's like, what, what's, what's my brain going, you know, I don't want this to happen, I mean, this, apparently this is happening to lots of children, let me tell you about, about some of the consistent stories, and just, I'm going to tell you about it, I'm not going to tell you these stories, because, man, some of these stories are horrible, um, but, but what okay a secret society um it's in australia that apparently control in the into the the main it's all of australia but but its headquarters is canberra and um and it's very closely connected to the government if not the government um but but they uh they rape children and but they like and apparently it's something to do with that eye you know that eye that i record all around it It might be, like, I've had stories that say, I mean, I've had so much line up. I think that eye is something, really something big to do with it.

And not only that, everything, the way it's structured. Look at Canberra. Canberra's crazy the way it's structured. Look at how deep, what's going on there?

There's something going on there. Just look. And don't just go, oh, yeah, that's Canberra. I mean, look at every individual piece.

Break it down. What is this area serving? What's this function? What do the people act like around this area?

and what about you know you move there's there's so many classes and the thing is these classes are created and and see i'm pushed because because i don't have anyone else in the world um that that care that has interest in my own um safety my own well-being um that that puts me you know along with the the lowest class so i see the worst the worst and then i'd film it for yours truly um you're awesome but but the thing is is that these terrible acts aren't going on there and there's a lot of terrible acts that are going on there but see the society's reflection of these people so these people might might have suits and might go um it might probably put needles in their arm because most of camber does man needles like the capital of needles that's what camber is um and and and that's all throughout all the classes uh and there's so much man there's so much with camera um but but you really take apart what what all that stuff is i try to divide it in mythology so i i get you know i didn't start getting into mythology until i got into canberra and why because i tried to figure it out through a mythological understanding because i was having Trouble is, like, you know, just looking at it like an old person and going, you know, what's going on here? You know, I could be the best tour guide in Canberra in the world because of Canberra if I did it in Canberra. But I don't want to do that, man. That's scary.

Like, Canberra is a really scary place. But on the surface, on the surface, you can't tell. You know, it took some time. You know, I think, oh, the Union, the Australian National Union, you know, it has all these services so you can get comfortable, you know.

But there's so much bad stuff going on. People hurt each other. I don't have to explain all of my work that I give you as video evidence of all I'm saying But I'm telling you like says oh, so I'm on this low scum class and the thing is there's other people that That are also Have been pushed to that for other reasons who are also very intellectually capable And and I'm gonna be honest most of the time I'm a bit loopy, but I am too, so I'm no different, but I keep coming across these people, and some of them come and go, and some of them are doing something, and some of them, most of them waste time, that's how most everybody in the world, it doesn't matter what class you're in, waste time, I take advantage of every single second, but that's why I get so smart, so I'm not so smart because I'm naturally smart, as a kid, I go, everybody else is wasting time, I can just use it all. and get really smart um so i did but there's something going on that okay i've heard of rituals i've heard and these are consistencies i've heard of things like uh undies like girls little girls undies um being nailed to trees um after the act and and like sometimes in groups um sometimes singularly and and what i want to tell you is that i've talked to victims too and i talked to more than a handful of victims uh but the thing is these people are crazy yeah nothing like these that's why we put them on these drugs is because they're saying these things that that of course society wouldn't let happen and not only being not only rape it's like murder there's they're killing kids too like that's how i talked to one victim they got away they got away um and uh because and i've talked to another that said you know if they didn't act a certain way it would have gotten that i mean and they knew you know they knew that they could end up in a suitcase and that's what you know that's what a lot of probably at least a quarter of them kept saying that kept saying that it was a suitcase end up in the suitcase um so and these are a lot of times in like really expensive hotels um you know they sometimes they'll put kids in the trunk and by kids i'm talking like i've heard as low as two i've heard as low as two but but but up to nine you know and even older you know i've heard like two up really two up because because that's not right i mean it's not just nine but i mean that's that's mostly Two to nines are mostly what I hear, because I heard a lot of stuff about teenagers on the streets too.

I've heard about teenagers that are on the streets in Canberra. They'll get watched by certain people. And then the people make their move. So you get people that know what they're doing.

They're intellectually capable. That means they're capable of understanding their own actions. Aware of what they're doing. they you know really man they shouldn't be alive or or in prison they're all I mean it's not them it's the society so we're talking about brainwashing let's let's get so let's not go for the individuals here so you got this underground I'm gonna just throw out something I don't know how much is true and I'm gonna make up I'm just gonna make up stuff that I think and that's really what I do with my own life when I talk to people about what I'm gonna do so i'm gonna do this i'm gonna do this what about this let's say we do this let's say we do i mean that's how i think um and and you know you're gonna have to do that with me i think it's awesome like throwing out scenarios so but i'm gonna throw out something that i think could be sound okay so you have um let's say um i'm gonna say camera pedophiles um and i'll say that because you guys don't know what pedophiles is and and you guys really suck um because i mean that i don't want to say camera pedophiles because i'm part of that um if you if you want to say that but i mean that's just because i'm attracted to that i'm attracted to the personality yes i'm attracted to the body too but it's not in a and it's not in a sexual manner um i'm and i'm really attracted to the mind and the the fantasy and especially the ones that can think man i'm really attracted to that um but there's other people that are attracted i mean there's a lot of people that are attracted like that homeless guy i filmed he he was one of them um and that's what he sort of got me wanting to put this in here um but uh but yeah he didn't know what i was doing but no one i don't want people to know what i'm doing and and it was really uh it was really sad some of the story because because he was very sound but he was he was a murderer i mean there's a lot of murders a lot of murders that i come across but he was he was at least kind and he But, you know, there's, like, I go back to the word.

I'm going to keep going back to this word because I want to claim it back. I really want to claim it back. Like, pedophile, pedophile, pedophile, pedophile. Because that's what the word means.

Look at the definition. And I'm not talking about the Wikipedia definition because that's our modern day definition, which has been screwed. Look at the meanings of the roots of the words. Let's use those.

Let's not use this stuff that we make up upon it. Like, that doesn't make any sense. So, we got child molesters. I mean, I don't know what you want to call it.

You want to call it child molesters? But this goes beyond this. This goes to sick individuals. I mean, like, this goes to really, really sick individuals.

This goes to sick collectives. Like, that's what I'm showing, collective psychology. I'm a sociologist. I've been saying that the whole time.

So there's a sick collective that has an underground society, and these are all, you know, well-placed individuals in society. um and and then um and then they are somehow connected you know with government um if not government and and i don't i'm not going to name anything you know i i thought like i said i'll name it that i mean i'm just going to throw out stuff my thoughts um because once i named i don't want to coin anything on this because like this is just this has been the last three years of my life because i've had to try to figure it out i'm sorry this is going to be long but it really has to be um i've been trying to figure it out um but but i don't i don't i mean i've never seen this happen i've only heard the results and i've seen the results of the people that it creates as a result of it i'm in the stories you know that they're so similar okay so so you got this huge group of really really satan worshippers that's what that's what i'll call them i wonder why the media wants to censor the internet um and i mean a lot of these people do say they are satan worshippers and there's people that say there's like names like the satanic i don't know i can't remember satanic eye i don't i don't know um but but there's names um okay so they the part of their thing is children is molesting children and and they can do it in many different ways but at the end of the day they do it in secret and um and not not from one another because that's how they do it in secret because there's a solidarity there um and it's really an organic solidarity of a friendship you know this is my friend you know we're gonna rape this child or he's gonna help me um fix out this child who I killed you know from raping them and you know we got a question where are we gonna get these children you know there's a lot of ways to get children especially uh especially children that aren't loved it was this scene that got me in trouble like what is it what is it what do you think like the story is about an abandoned child okay what do you have in front of you what do you have in front of you why do you think I care about all of this so much like it's about an abandoned child um this story and and I know what can happen to an abandoned child and I know that if I disappeared and uh not now not now I mean I had to do this uh but if I disappeared before um then there's very very easy ways to cover that up um so you know and you know thinking about if i was in australia and i was younger and this happened to me which it very well could have it really could have um through through you know all of the yeah the background um i if i end up here younger it could have happened um so you you see that guy you know um because i had a home i had i had jenna um up until three years ago uh three and a half um so i'll continue soon i gotta charge the camera but i won't show the whole thing because it's a really long scene but i will show up to a certain point. It depends. I forgot. I might need to show the rest of it. It's

not the full episode. I didn't show you the beginning of it. Can Yo's really not see what's in front of you? God. You condemn people for their psychological inclinations even when

they don't act on them and you act on them but in a wicked way and you're justified but not the one who's psychologically inclined like that yet does no harm it is not what goes into a yo but what comes out this dude's dog is really annoying animals are a reflection of their owners if you don't tell your dog to stop when it's barking at people when the people are just walking by or walks in front of the people and then starts barking so invades other people's territory and you don't discipline it for doing that oh my dog's You know when I was home when I was 25 that took me out of youth that's a big point that took me out of youth and that means I couldn't get youth services which youth services are really good I really wanted youth services but they're youth services but I couldn't get them because I was 26 so 25 is a call for use so 26 37 20 it depends on the state now yeah so i was like i was like turning 20 uh 27 it's 26 30 27 um but but you know every time that there's let's say there's this youth and and they they're not in good good positions um so uh and they don't have the you know supports that that would enable them to be cared about in life. And they go, okay, that puts a red flag in society, because what are they going to do? Especially if they think differently and they don't really have anyone around.

Like, because they're isolated. Like, if they isolate themselves, then you get these people like me. Like, a younger, you know, if this happened when I was younger, look you're getting what the same person that you would see here um i'm so sorry that this is going to be long but it really needs to be and i'm all i'm all like i've been thinking about this for three years and thinking about how i could even talk about something like this and then it comes up and you know i'm not i'm not saying i'm not going to say i'm flopping this because i know i'm going to look back on this and go yeah yeah yeah and but the thing is it's all it's all disconnected it's all disconnected but that's the only way that i can function i mean that's that's me so i'm sorry but you get this youth and then they're um and and they got red flagged and and they go okay well there's not many people that would care you know about oh so something happens you know to the child but the thing is no one knows like so you can just you can make an official report that uh that the child's not there uh and or even not and i bet you it probably takes so long to even realize um and then and then you you dispose of them how you will and um i mean they're not someone that we want in society that's not the type of individual i mean they'll create a very messed up individual um having being homeless and being a kid you know i've never seen any children that are homeless on the streets and you know that whole living never landing and stuff you know i still say do it but if you do it like i'm saying you know you're public you gotta make it public you gotta make yourself public you gotta be public so and then and then when people really start to question you i mean try to don't try to tell people what you do unless they really unless they're really starting to question you and then start telling what you do because you're public you're a public figure um you are a public servant you're you're with those you're what the pedophiles pedophiles i said i need to claim it back you're with the child molesters um uh i can't even do this i can't even do this i'm so sorry i can't even think straight the real politics is such a hard topic for me because my emotions are all bundled up in this especially since i'm consider one of them um and that's not cool that's so not cool because i'm not i'm not at all nothing like them and that's so uncool for you for anyone to even but but the thing is like like i just got screwed over the reason i'm in the position that i am in is because I'm chasing a girl. And the guy, even though he knew that before, he didn't realize that he not really was.

He thought I was kind of just a crazy guy just saying I'm doing this. But I tell people, but they don't listen because they're idiots. Everybody's an idiot. But that's what ends up happening when I make my voice understandable.

through my actions through the practical application but the thing is i've told you all along everybody had chances to to talk about this and that's what i said this is what i'm gonna do oh but but but people don't realize that you know when you when you plan something for a long time and then you you you lay out the plans i mean those plans are gonna come out if you don't if you don't modify those plans or if you don't have any input to modify like you leave me alienated and isolated you know i'm gonna eventually figure out what i need to do and now i have and and i'm i've gone young too and i'm not sure how i feel about that um but the thing is i think she might be i think i really think she might be um probably nine probably nine oh that divine tragedy that would be that would be my luck but but that leaves me you know if i'm searching for a girl that's nine years old then how like how do i do that and say that's not that's not that's not that's not even like i'm kind of uncomfortable with that or you know i'm uncomfortable with the whole thing i shouldn't even be doing this i don't want me doing this thanks venus thank you thank you god for making me do this um because i think there's a really big issue that needs to be understood about what pedophilia is and um and if i have to be the sacrifice you know i have to lie on the altar sleep on the altar night after night then that's what i gotta do um because because looking at it like this i mean our government's not listening i've been taught i mean i've been screaming okay so let's let's say i've been screaming at our government oh look i went to the act you know to act out you know i thought how could i make this receptive how could i make you know i'm actually doing all this receptive all acted out at the act which is the australian capital territory which is all these laws are coming from which is where i think all this is connected from okay so you want to control a lot of people um so you you you figure out how to persuade um well you you gotta first find someone who's very very charismatic and then and then you figure out how to swing that charismatic personality to persuade a lot of people to to really really like that person so yeah they're gonna be do really good so then they hire them As Prime Minister by votes, which I'm not sure if votes are rigged or not. I'm not sure how that's really set up. I'm just making sure that stays there. There's no one around.

No worries. But however it's set up, let's end up getting a guy who speaks flowers. So we get people like Obama in. And then Kevin Rudd.

So we get Kevin Rudd. and uh but the australian government's a bit a bit weird like you it's not like the president you know it's a prime minister so that that means the party can can override the people's voice like so you can get you know get the party elected through a person and then and then shortly after that then you can override the person um with another person right and then have that person screw up everything right like entirely and then at the end of the term put the other person back in um so what happened on my birthday like think think think about this like i i used to think kevin rudd i used to think he was a good guy because he because he shat flowers out of his mouth um and he was very passionate and i like that i like passion um but i'm gonna tell you i I don't think he's good. I don't think he's good. I think he's part of the plan.

No, no, no, no. There's something here all connected, and I can't connect all the dots. I'm a very awesome dot connector, but look how many dots I have connected. And that's why I'm looking for you, Ariadne.

And we got a free education for your entire generation. But if we get your entire generation trying to figure this out,

which you can because you're the victims. And look, you got cameras and you got all this stuff that you can do. I mean, you can do your Sherlock Holmes. It's elementary, dear Watson.

That's why I'm here trying to teach you how to do it. And I'm not only giving you a voice. This will give you, if you learn how to do this, this will give you a voice for everything. And not only that, you'll get really, really smart because you'll have to study what you do.

Make sure when that record button goes on, everything that goes down there is something that you really mean at that time. and later on you might change your mind but it's very unlikely i found i mean there's stuff all throughout my all throughout my um works even as a child you know you go yeah man i said it good um because once those thoughts become some type of media that we can repeat to us then it's like so what should we repeat to us um so then i i try to you know find to it so i repeat the thoughts that that are things that i need to understand more so i'm constantly understanding more because I'm going to have to then record this and then I'm going to have to think about more situations and I have to think about what I said, you know, everything over the last three years that's been winding around in my head, you know, hundreds and hundreds of people talking to them about this issue with children getting raped and murdered. That's what it is. Children getting raped and murdered.

And what children, oh, that couldn't happen in our modern day society because that's not the way our modern day society works. you know there's not children out there on the streets like that that you know what yeah there's not wonder why that is it's a bit odd i'm out here on the streets and i'm i'm a child i mean living i mean look at everything i'm such a child i'm i am the biggest child in the world um but i'm not getting looked at because my age doesn't reflect all the numbers game you know Do you even think they really know who I am? They're not concerned. They didn't care.

They didn't care about anything. They weren't thinking. I learned better. They don't think.

They're working off a system. And that system doesn't have any room for... I mean, once there's an era, we've got to find the era. How does he react to this oppression?

They don't know what I've been releasing. And the thing is, it's not going to be popular for a while. But the thing is, once people realize what content is actually in it, Then they go, oh, crap, and then figure out, you know, what we're going to do, and then hopefully we can hold hands and really figure this issue out.

It's not, this isn't just a conspiracy. I mean, I've gone around getting all, and look through my works, too. There's echoes of this. There's echoes of it, and I'm trying to figure it out through my work, and I think I can.

I left camera because I got the last, the mountain was it. That was the last I needed. um and i'm scared that camera's terrible camera's really bad really bad like look how awesome this is this is really awesome i'm not scared oh like i even got like you know i was at the very end like like it's like i had about 1.5 kilometers left so you know step by step this guy who was going the opposite direction turn he stops and goes you want to lift and where are you going and like we're in a good place right now this is a good place and I knew that this is a good place and I knew that I was gonna come back here this was a good place and you gotta be careful because it's a tourist place it's a good place for that moment there's good and bad everywhere this is a good place that I'm in but back to the issues of Canberra now I've gotten everything like if I stayed there any longer I would end up getting in trouble because they'll start to see what I've done kick into action and that's the whole problem is they're only looking at what's happening what's happening here's a guy that's a philosopher that's spouting off crap and I'm talking about the ANU too do you think the ANU has no connections you know like there's this brilliant philosopher that comes in like way brilliant more brilliant than all the other ones oh i'm talking every single one i'm talking every single professor that's there um and and no one will even sit down and have a conversation with him and they knew who i was like way too well because i mean i was there to tell them that they were bad people i was there to tell them that they needed to to one enable me to be be paid for what i do and and two to to let me in their education system I can't do it exactly how they want me to do it they need to let me in their education system but you know what they never talked to me about it at all I got a few emails that said you know I think I showed you a few of them I think I showed you part of one of them once but I got a few emails where they said that you're not the type of philosophy we do um which makes no sense i mean look what philosophy is they're not the type of philosophy that any philosopher does that's not philosophy um so i mean i'm telling you there there's there's ways that these things are structured and when there's people that you know are outside of them then they just discount them um but but but but but but but then there's like an age bracket here and then and then like under this age bracket we get this like red flag okay so so when that red flag happens um and then we can investigate that red flag um to find out that there is no support set up then what can we do and and i've seen like i've been involved with youth work and stuff um in canberra and the thing is these are locals i'm not necessarily talking about local they were involved i'll show that later or even like i'm talking about people who isolate themselves um there's there's people that do that think like me there's geniuses i mean look up the word genius Look up the word apostle Look at the philosophy section On the word genius Just Wikipedia or any other thing Because it'll direct you to all the works Or a lot of the works I mean there's tons of works But We're not getting any anymore Like we got them through our times But we're not getting like Any Any polymath ones um, and we might get the specific ones, you know, that there's a certain field, but then they do everything else the same way that everybody else does, but when you get like the polymaths, when you get the ones that study all fields, um, then it really, really isolates them, um, because, because no one wants to do it, because they're not going to do the same thing that, that everybody else does, they're going to do it their own way because they have to because they know the way that they're tuned in with um it's the best way to do it at least for them um but we but then we exclude these people off our education system um because the thing is there's a lot of times controversial they'll say things that make us uncomfortable that we don't like um and i mean this happens throughout our ages and we can see you know alienation and persecution and really bad things happen um uh from it uh martyrdom and stuff like that um but at the end of the day um society has to figure out how to deal with people like that and and it it can either it can either deal with them before you know it it gets out of hand or uh would they consider it out of hand or we can um deal with it i mean they've dealt with me look what they've done look what they've done to me three times three times okay it didn't work it didn't work what are they gonna do i mean they're and plus i document all this so how how protected am i if i didn't document all this how protected would i be but at the same stage like it's only when they it's when they realize it's when they realize that document all this stuff it's not only there's there's other there's some really big businesses that are really terrible too but that's not to do with with the child molestation um i'm talking about um but i've I've heard rituals, I've heard things like, I don't know what you would call it, but like, you know, altar set up and like structure set up and, you know, a child on a table and then, you know, they have a go and then, you know, you do something and then maybe a few other people, but I don't know. like I've heard stories where it's lying like you know one person um but but then you know and then sometimes I've heard stories okay then kill the child afterwards and then put it in a suitcase and then you know do what you need to do with it I don't know what I don't know where to take it um but but there's and sometimes these children get away and and then they become crazy they become people like me really um but the only reason that I'm I mean the only reason that I'm not see all I is one of those homeless guys except i record my thoughts and then i come come back on my thoughts and then and then develop upon those thoughts so they might just write right really crazy stuff and then that might have some basis but then they'll it'll be gone you know the next day and then uh or they'll keep it around for a while and then it's gone or they they focus only on that they're not doing anything new like that that's gotta i told you i mean he he told me this poem And I was trying to, one thing, understand where he came from and stuff, but, you know, he didn't, you can't, you can't talk, you know, don't talk, don't talk, why, but, but these are how they're structured, but, so he has this, and it's really badly written, I mean, it looks like he had schizophrenia or something, but, like, I wouldn't be able to read, but some parts of it, but, but he then reads this poem to me, or lots of poems to me, the whole, the whole thing.

but i can tell that like this whole notebook but i can tell that notebook um oh he's so proud of it by the way too but that was like all he had you know and i could tell that was not that wasn't like current works that was something he was carrying around and if he and if he just had current work but i don't know i don't know his practices but i'm just telling you what i examined and i guess at the end of the day that's not what matters but but but what matters is like And all these sites that are set up in Canberra, what are they for? Really, what are they for?

I'm scared, man. I'm scared. So I've come here for now until I decide what my next step is. And I don't have anything planned. I don't know what I'm going to do.

And to be honest, the end, the episode 30 is probably what I'm going to... You won't let me be like this. I've got to be like this. You won't let me be like this.

If society can't let me be like this, then I've got to figure out how to do what I need to do to survive. And if that means to take my hemlock, that society, that you, like most likely it's you if you're watching this, unless you're my other half, which I'm trying to talk to, but most likely you're not my other half. And, I mean, I'm just telling it straight. Like, I'm trying to make everything all to my other half.

But the people that watch it aren't. I mean, that's the fact. And it's you that are enabling all this to happen. And why do we only get these stories, you know, with this class?

And let's talk about the victims. I'm so sorry. Like, these are just thoughts. And the thing is, these thoughts are good.

and i know i'm going to come back on them and go bang i got that thought bang and these are thoughts are going to build upon other thoughts so these are like and this is three years of thoughts all just flustered around um and i guess i could have written it down or something but i want to talk to you about this because this is so important um and i guess i guess it's all ultimately to get to your eyes and the thing is it only needs to get to your eyes last i don't care you know i can stop advertising once it gets to your eyes um i can stop doing all that like i'll just let i i mean it's gonna do awesome stuff um either way you look at it but once it gets to your eyes and i learned that and that's it but the victims okay so there's there's been victims i've talked to and they describe these events when they happen like between the ages of really six to nine okay so between the ages of six to nine and um and there's there's only one um victim that i know of and there's only probably two handfuls of victims that i spoke to over or maybe one handful because you know like how do i know what the truth is because they were crazy they were crazy but but um so crazy because society makes them that way i'm trying like this is so bad because how can you how can you explain it when when when you get taken somewhere in this like fancy car um in in the trunk in the boot of the car and then and then uh and then escorted out like through like some area that looks important and then and then put in an elevator and taken you know to probably one of the top levels um which has an apartment a big apartment complex um and i got five minutes left on the camera i can't i can't believe i gotta i gotta i gotta finish this i gotta finish this later um i'll have one more take at this because this whole production is about to be finished um but but then you and then you take them up to the top and and then you and then you try to give them food and drink and they tell you it'll all go it'll all be better if you can just partake of this the substance um and they offer and the thing is if you do uh one of the people you know didn't refuse refuse but like it's poison it's poison and and it'll help their process so it'll make it easier on the psychology or while while it's happening you know and and then so at the end of the day like so then they try to figure out, you know, what you need to do to get a kid like in the position where you can do horrible things to them. And, like, I mean, this is so, this is, I don't want to talk to them.

Because they try, they try to make them not, not find that. They try to make them take it. And they're not romantic to them at all, they're just, this is what's happening, this is what's happening.

Now we do this, it would be in your best interest if you did it in this way. After everything right, you'll be fine. You'll do everything right, you'll be fine. You'll be fine.

You'll be fine. You'll be fine. It's a lot. It's all.

I don't know what to do. Like, how much can you use this child? Okay, so we messed the child up. This child's no good.

He's never going to be a good boy. What can we do now to it? How many more people are there? How can we use this child?

Oh, look. Who is? Who? What?

They did the same thing. They've done. They've done. We're done with them.

This child is becoming difficult. Are you happy, society? This is what she made me. That to a child.

This is the ninth telco. I've spent my time to figure out when to actually talk about this. And now I know I will not stop and we will figure this out if I never find my girl or whatever I mean as long as I don't cut along this as long as I don't take my hemlock I will figure this out and I will have all I will do everything I can to fix it And if I my fake girl's not real then then I'll do it myself

Because I can't have this happening because I love you guys And I love you most that have been rejected, that have been abandoned, that have no one. So it will be you that I give one life, that I have left everything.

These are gross. I love you. Because what happens in your job is the society that you follow. You are the reason this is going to happen.

This is war. I mean it. I will do everything. I'm not in Canberra, so I got this beautiful place, which thing is, there's a whole, like, northern river section, and I can be as secretive as I want to, and I can keep doing this and release production after production after production trying to wake you up.

You children, you lovely children of the world, you beautiful children of the world, so you can then take over our media and teach us all how to not rape you. Not to not bless you, to not murder you, to not abandon you, to treat you with respect, to not make you grow up to be like everybody else, to teach you manners, to teach you how to care about people, to teach you to love, to teach you to control the world with your own heart, with your own mind, with your own body, with your own soul. uh and give it all not just in one topic one topic or this topic or that topic i'm talking about give everything you can like geniuses they are they are not a genetic trait they figure out something they figure out something and then they get obsessed with that one thing and then those things repeat again and again and again and i'm just gonna wait for this camera to grow out because this is the final take of this this production independence day for kids and i'm just gonna and that's what you need to do that's what you need to find your obsession but you need to find your obsession that will lead you to other obsessions you need to get obsessed with everything and you just get obsessed with everything you'll be a genius and maybe you will be alienated by your peers but the thing is you're going to be so much smarter than everybody else you're going to give so much more to this world and if I die right now look how much I've already given this world um and I'm going to live you know I've lived the best I'm sorry that that was long, but you needed to see it. Further into that show, I discovered a few handfuls of case files in which proved what I was saying, in which the cops were neglecting to address, and I released those. It was that show, Independence Year 4 Kids, in which landed me in prison.

How fucking funny is this? He he he he he he he Ugh, I got some balls. Bye, bye, bye! Five minutes ago?

Remember how long it is. There we go. That wasn't so hard now, was it? Boom!

He he he he. It's so hilarious. This is the Paris attack, then the Russian bombings, and then... California.

He he he he. I told you this one before. I think that was censored there. I think I talked about it a little bit in my new work there.

You about to get fucked up, sir. Did it to yourself. Anonymous versus Freemasonry. I post a three hour long video.

Five minutes later, an idiot replies to it, telling me that I don't know what I'm talking about. Aren't my traps fuckin' brilliant? 10 minutes ago, 26 minutes ago, 16 minutes. Judged.

Okay, I reaped his soul. So, reaped and blocked to you too.

Matt, is it Matt? She's so cool, look at her. Blocked. See, I gave him a chance, but then he liked shit.

Blocked. They're gonna listen to shit. So judge a three hour long movie and fuck off. Oh no! Kick this guy out! He's fucking speaking logic!

I can't handle it! Oh no! Oh no, he's on to us about raping and murdering kids. We better get rid of him quickly.

Whether they meant to say that or not, that is what they said because one must consider the content in which I posted in order to be able to reply to the fucking post in which I posted. Fucking logic. It's the same fallacy by not taking into consideration the content in which I distribute when I'm distributing that content. so people just don't want to watch it but they want to comment on it without watching it which makes no fucking sense mail bomb for today and one more to do tomorrow i should give you the time to i kind of like this group they're always liking my post it's good damascus again fucking terrorist little kid shit what the fuck they doing at school they should be holding a gun in their hand or something training see we don't know anymore does it matter they're all the same the full picture shows itself although only idiots would not have realized possibly a removal of infidels. Look at this idiot. Not a charity. How does that work? What? So it's not a charity

but it's a charity because you said it's a charity? What the fuck's wrong with us? Idiot. Can you see? It's everywhere. I'll do it next episode because this episode's really

long so I hope you enjoyed it



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



20-Ivory-Heart-III-Take-20-XX-The-Game

Hmm, it's pretty long for a day's work. What do you think?

Hmm, this isn't going to work, is it? Maybe I should split it.

Good evening, my friend. I will share the email in which Jenna broke up with me, and it is very sad and resonates all that I am teaching in her words, but you will see. It was shortly after this that Jenna made it very clear that she never wanted to speak to me again, and she cut communications with me.

Please don't leave me waiting for much longer, Venus.

It has been a long time.

Bullcrap a couple days to think.

I'm very close-minded to your opinions, because you're wicked. you said you wanted to spend our lives together becoming righteous people and you didn't do that you didn't honor the vows i'm manipulative i know this because i'm trying to convince people to not commit genocide no i just use logic to show you how you don't you no longer believe or know because it's not it was never correct because they were bullshit because it is because without my way you end up killing each other you can see that i do i divide everybody i'm pretty sure i'm just the opposite because I'm awesome drama is awesome because I had to do that to be receptive to make it funny like the people that see see I need psychiatric help yeah finer than anyone on this planet is that what I do you mean trying to change the world so it doesn't commit genocide uh-huh because they're wicked because they do because there is a limit yeah is it look at the world you created i didn't create this world i washed my hands many times even when i was with you i told you what was gonna happen bullshit uh you can't are they look at the situation you're all in now because you didn't listen to me because you kept saying shit like this is that i was Paranoid of all of this happening and it happens, so Yeah

Okay, I said I said it was sad, but now it's funny because people are wicked and They just want to be destructive in everything they do Because there's a limit. It's called 777 Wendell Charles NeSmith Okay, so I shouldn't I found closure and it just took a while i had to let them go you know i've tried lots and no one wants to talk logic so look what my self-destructive behavior led me to it made me a god i feel very sad for you because you won't make it through this thing who lives the happier life i promise you it's me because i went through hell before i could get to heaven life is dramatic look what we've been put through yeah you have to be depressed about it before you can learn to stop caring out of nowhere bullshit you just don't like to talk about your feelings let's see how much you talk about your feelings my irrational behavior fuck you reality is that what you're connected to you mean sitting in front of the tv all the time making perverted jokes and kicking me in the balls this is what her family convinced her of by the way brainwashed girl you mean withholding sex from me because you didn't want to have sex with me sometimes for six months yeah that was you not me yeah because you just stopped wanting it less and less no it was never right we would have if you just were like you said you were this is my passion venus wants a virtuous relationship and a virtuous relationship would bring that passion in the bedroom because you never tried like you actually have to do actions to fix things and that's what people miss is they think things should fix themselves on their own and that doesn't work you actually have to put effort into it okay let's see who handles the apocalypse better right therapy fuck you Jenna flip-flop because I wanted to study everything see that's what they want that's what everybody's brainwash to do is one idea one focus and then they end up getting taken advantage of because they don't understand how it all works together happy it makes me and two emotionally detached am i emotionally detached how often do you people cry who detached from reality you mean understanding reality when you don't irrational so philosophy makes you irrational interesting extreme you gotta be broken before you can become whole yeah because that's what you're brainwashed to believe I don't believe you have the mental sanity to make it through this thing because it is you just didn't see it there was a code in it that had to be broken and you weren't interested in doing that isn't it? so as long as you just sit in front of the TV then you're all good mate daggers Bad intentions? You mean trying to save the world?

I did, eh?

Awesome.

She retracted that.

This is bullshit. Love is action. I love to you, not love you. Like, she never loved to me.

That requires actions. And you can't just say it, and it's true. You have to actually do it.

And that I am 100% dedicated to working towards becoming brainwashed.

I received lots of psychiatric help.

Help.

Psyops.

She refused to get marriage counseling. Just so you know.

She wanted counseling by herself, but not marriage counseling.

No, she wasn't.

Because she didn't like my reply.

But I have to tell you a little bit more about my reply before I show you.

So I replied saying it's bullshit pretty much. But then she came to get her stuff and on her way I then had time to consider it from God I had time to pray about it and God said to me that marriage is forever and that I should do whatever she says because I made a commitment so I then re-proposed to her and she kind of giggled and walked away and never contacted me back then and wouldn't allow me to contact her. I went to her mother's house and tried to speak to her with flowers and stuff and tried to win her back and she made me out to be like a creep and it was really sad and and she told all of her friends which were inherently my friends because all of them only had a few friends that were outside of her so she told them to stop talking to me and they did so pretty much I was in the most isolated city in the world, Perth, and had only two friends who aren't friends anymore. That would be Simon and Chris. And they had their own lives, so it's not like I was alone. So this is my response

to her. Let's see if I did good or bad. Pretty sure I would have used logic when she didn't. yeah it's because of the influence of her mother and her father yeah it's great success more stable than anybody in the world even though i was not stable because the philosophy had kinks that i had to work work out yeah i sent her lots of love letters deeper yeah in society yeah see it wasn't me it was society a satanic society there you go i always encouraged her to be the best she could be and she didn't like that she liked being fallible so she could just do weird things encouragement as manipulation i'm encouraging my audience to be better people so they can save themselves from this thing and yeah do use rhetoric to do it but otherwise they won't be saved so so all these other people that think the same thing are open-minded yeah you gotta work on a collective level was there not speaking logic there need medication yeah she's not receptive she's like i don't want to have to change to fix things that's what i want to do Oh my god, I'm not telling you what to be, you gotta be yourself.

Everybody needs their own answers. I just try to get people to think critically about what's in front of them. Protect my glass heart, which she shattered, not logical, irrational. Yeah, they work, it just takes time.

It was a good strategy. So they need actions? I'm not telling them their actions, just actions, haha, I use it, who gives a shit, this is the apocalypse, I'm not sorry for that anymore, I was right, you're wrong, haha, yeah, and I found out that they couldn't, not, they couldn't justify themselves, so, I was right and they were wrong, they don't know, they don't know what they mean, they just talk shit, yeah, they should've, See, I was trying to win her back, so we don't want to take things from people for what they say anymore.

I'm awesome, consistent over time, since childhood. I can go back to any time and check what I did and go, wow, I'm cool.

I found closure by removing them, wipe. that's what they do never talked about it, refused to by reaping their fucking souls yeah, that's exactly what they taught me because I learned from the past Venus, not because I did and went back to them and their behavior got worse and worse so I was right to begin with and I just had to learn three times I had to have the example three times and it worked thank you I'm going back. I'm very stable. If I'm constantly unstable, doesn't that make me stable?

Dude. Cha-ching. It's just people have problems like understanding metaphors and allegories.

No. Much more than that. I didn't. I just was brainwashed into thinking I did, and I had to learn that. See, we live in a shame culture, so they make you feel shameful of stuff you

shouldn't be shameful of, and you have to learn to ignore what they say and fuck shame.

Yeah, why would someone do that? I talk a lot of shit. Most of the shit I would say is true, or a story or has meaning we didn't jenska see she wouldn't get that she wanted me to get counseling and she wanted counseling but she wouldn't do it together ever i'll try to get it for ages yeah she does all the time fart jokes poo fart sex keep me in the balls that was not cool with her or her family her family hated that with everybody actually people can't understand me but I can understand people so who's the one that has a problem see I see everybody's hand but no one can ever see mine I don't need to fix it why would I need to fix that isn't that like a gift maybe people need to spend the time to learn me so they'll expect the unexpected she didn't care that's not what she wanted she just wanted someone to work her through uni and then leave that's what i did i worked her through uni and the deal was that she'll work me through uni after that but right after i worked her through uni that's when she left yeah i didn't want to do this at all but this is what i sacrificed for the opportunity to try to get her back so this email wasn't good enough for her and she left me after this shortly after this email she came and got her stuff and then left it's really sad when she did that doesn't make sense does it she didn't she never did she just said i look like hanson and she loved hanson so that's why she was with me that's what she told everybody after she left me That's always what ends up happening when I visit my past. I end up finding out that what I was saying was right, and that what people were telling me was right, was wrong, is wrong, could not be right, is not right, is now revealed publicly as wrong.

but everybody kept telling me differently so here's some robotic time traveling going on here said here twice how else was that did that happen okay you should show me i have different techniques than you i think at least it's good to know there's other time travelers in this world even if they are benders so did it make sense to you the email that she sent me the email that i sent her and then the relationship's over goodbye i'm never going to speak with you again i feel like i'm the last person on earth who utilizes logic and replies with logic i knew that something was majorly fucked up in our society when I took my logic course at university because they, that is the ones teaching, the professors, did not utilize the methodologies in which they were teaching in the unit and it confused the crap out of me. The professors answers could only answer stupid questions and any time a question of substance was proposed they made me feel like an idiot and I was the only one that was proposing questions that went further into the rabbit hole than at first appearance. I got obsessed with logic and being able to identify flaws in logic very quickly and then I combined that gift with reframing reality to be perceived in another way and then proving logically that that new method of perceiving reality was more logical than the one in which we currently present to people. I knew something was majorly fucked up when I started creating groundbreaking philosophy that was original and receiving poor grades for it and philosophy that could change the world too but there was something wrong because even though people couldn't argue with what I was saying I was still looked down upon for saying my school punished me for being original and attempted to enforce me to just regurgitate the information in which they were presenting which that didn't make any sense because if you know anything about studying a philosophy major the doctrines generally teach just the opposite. I was punished for being an ingenious inventor and everybody that interacted

with me came to realize that I was a genius. However, I couldn't find a job. No one would hire me. And after applying for thousands of jobs, I became very suspicious. Over my

lifetime, I have applied for over 10,000 jobs. It's probably more like 11,000. It made me stay homeless. Even when I managed to find a home for a short period of time, no one

would hire me still and eventually I realized that I was being conspired against. When people

could only respond to logic with hate, I became very suspicious and the more I learned, the And the more I learned, the more suspicious I became of everyone. And eventually, I associated everyone that could not process information logically as abominations. and it got me into thinking about what could have created such abominations because our society used to be a well-educated society that looked after its people and if we can't do that anymore and we're murdering as common practice, then there's some problems.

It's like, what force has taken over our world? What type of world do I live in? And even stranger to me, most people responded to illogic positively and logic negatively. hey there's something really fucked up in our world I am a healer I do acupressure and I have healed many people but there's also a problem with this because I can only heal people if they believe that I can heal them so people that don't believe that I can heal them but they say they do and then I can tell that they don't and then they complain that it didn't work when they didn't believe it and i guess that's the same with everything if you don't believe what you preach if you don't believe what you follow the investments that you take if you don't believe in them then they won't fruit it It made me really confused when I was following in the footsteps of Jesus and the church hated me for doing it and then as I spent many years testing the waters I came to realize that the church does not believe what they preach but instead use it as a crutch.

It made me really confused when the church would not help me with my God-given mission. And it made me really confused when the church would try to convince me to give money to it when I was homeless and they wouldn't offer me or help me try to find a home. that goes against their doctrines, but most of what the church does goes against their own teachings. The church is a profiteering method that is designed to exploit the insecurities of the people. It made me really confused when they worship Jesus when nothing in their Bible

says to worship Jesus. It made me really confused when they refused to examine the social context of the life of Jesus. It made me really confused when they would dismiss all wisdom that was not written in their bible it made me really confused when philosophy was considered heresy when philosophy means the love of wisdom i wonder how many people have gotten to the 66 degree test it's really funny i will give it to my friend jenna says that i manipulate but would it be moral for me not to manipulate when I can see the future? When I can identify the way people will react and then modify my own actions to incite a different response? Would it be

be moral of me not to use my superpowers when they're gifted within me? Isn't it biblical for me to use my God-given talents? I am pretty sure that 666 is mine. Vav, Vav, Vav, World wide web. I have been searching my entire life for prophets that are true so that I could be

friends with them but I have found none. I am interested in seeing who your shadow hand chooses as Jesus Christ and the Antichrist. I am really interested in seeing how yo guys fill in yo Armageddon. Surprise! This random guy, yeah, he's Jesus. Yeah, we don't have

a track record of his character or anything, but he's a Jesus. And this other random guy who is a politician like everybody else not one that is different like it actually says in the bible yet he's our antichrist maybe you'll just say obama is yo antichrist because he's a politician like all of the other ones. With me, you kill two birds with one stone, and I am entirely transparent, so you don't have to worry about not knowing what I'm doing. Plus, I'm not after power or wealth. I'm just after my girl. Wouldn't that be a lot better for everyone

if our politicians were like that instead of how they are? No, go away. Mm-hmm. So what happened to censorship? LOL. Infidels? All of them fucking reaped. The whole group. Bloods

on their head did you know 1417 Palestinians were killed during the three-week siege on Gaza 13 Israeli was killed at the same time in Gaza 59% of the fathers suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder along with 75% of the mothers and 92% of the children 80% of the families in Gaza Currently rely on food aid Did you know In 2000 24,000 Palestinians Crossed out of Gaza every day To work in Israel Today that number is zero 70% of the families in Gaza Live on 3 dollars or less Every day 36,000 Cattle, sheep and goats Were killed and over one million chickens were killed. Did you know 4,100 house buildings destroyed? 17,000 house buildings damaged. 280 schools and kindergartens destroyed.

Is that right? Concrete, cement, steel, and glass is not allowed in by Israel. thus preventing the tens of thousands of homes that were destroyed during the Gazan War to be repaired or recalled. Did you know, 95% of Gaza's industrial operations are suspended due to the ban on imported raw materials and the block of exports.

As a result of fuel and electricity restrictions, The Gazan hospitals are experiencing power cuts lasting between 8 and 12 hours every day. Did you know 90% of the people suffer from power cuts? The rest don't get any electricity at all. 32,000 people have no running water.

100,000 or so get water once every two or three days. 80% of the water supply in Gaza does not meet the World Health Organization's standards for drinking. Did you know the infant mortality rate is 18.5%. Half the population in Gaza are under 16, and there are 1.5 million people on a piece of land 25 miles long and 7 miles wide.

Did you know 773 of the more than estimated 1,300 people killed by the highly offensive Operation Cast Lightlift or civilians, including 320 children under the age of 18. Of these 320 children, 73% died of bombs, 19.8% died of artillery shells, 5.4% was shot, and 1.5% died from white phosphorus.

Did you know, boycotting Israeli products can single-handedly end the siege on Gaza by economic pressure? Well, it can. And that is the way you can help. The following is a list of Israeli products that you could easily boycott to help lift the siege on Gaza.

It's highly unlikely. Look who's reporting it.

See? Only three friends. friends here from the jewish media and their gentile pawns screaming about this isis for weeks now to justify more slaughter and killing of my people back home do you think arabs use acronyms and when was the last time you ever saw arabs using acronyms in anything they market or sell why would they use english acronyms when they are trying to appeal to constituents that mostly do not speak any English in Arab land. And how fitting that those acronyms are catchy, easy to remember, like ISIS, to be marketed to the blind sheep of the United States. So where

does this ISIS acronym come from, and what intelligence agency actually uses that acronym ISIS, you ask? Wait, wait, wait, wait, hold on, hold on. You mean to tell me a Jewish intelligence agency, Mossad, uses the acronym ISIS its whole entire life? What? Hold on,

Hold on, hold on. Seriously. Well, have a listen for yourself. You tell the story about how you tried to find out what they call the Mossad when they deal with it publicly?

I thought it was a reasonable question, but the trouble is you can't pick up the phone book. There's no Langley in Israel that you can look up CIA or, in our case, the Mossad. We thought we should ask, what shall we call it in English? You can translate the Hebrew words, as I said, Mossad is institute.

But when they write a letter to their friends in the CIA or the British intelligence, what do they call themselves? It took a while. It was a matter of asking the prime minister spokesman. The best you could do because officially the Mossad is under the prime minister's office.

And I think he sort of wondered why you want to know and all that, so he explained. And he came up with the Israeli Secret Intelligence Service. If it were to have initials, it would be ISIS, just simple words like that. But interestingly enough, kind of a British model, the British don't really like the names MI5 and MI6.

Did you get that? ISIS. I-S-I-S. Israeli Secret Intelligence Service. You fools.

What? Now you're going to tell me that this al-Baghdadi guy is an Arab leader of a caliphate? come on i'm sorry but just sit down and shut your mouth because you already know where i'm going to go with this yes he is jewish and his name is simon elliott edward snowden has already released documents proving that and a french newspaper has already reported on this but your jewish masters in the u.s especially your terrorist senator john mccain will not allow it to be publicized and here is the same jewish terrorist simon elliott masquerading as a leader of the islamic caliphate and here he is hanging out with your senator john mccain orchestrating and funding the new terrorist group this is all nothing but a charade and do not think for a minute this is just an isolated incident they have been doing this for a long long time it is time to round up and arrest the majority of U.S. congressmen, senators, politicians, bankers, Wall Street executives and corporate leaders because they are all guilty of treason. And in this next clip, I will show how

the majority of the quote unquote Muslim terrorist leaders are actually Jewish and are masquerading as leaders of some sort of radical group only to sell you the propaganda right here in the media in the United States.

Adam Gadahn, the so-called American Al-Qaeda who proclaimed himself the media maven, if you will, for Al-Qaeda and was helping to produce a lot of these so-called Al-Qaeda videos that were all over the Internet that made Al-Qaeda look really bad and made the Muslims look bad. Should you fail to comply and fall, we will deem it sufficient justification to continue to fight and kill Americans. Come to find out, Adam Gadon's real name was Adam Perlman. And not only was he, in fact, Jewish, he was the grandson of a member of the board of the Anti-Defamation League.

And if you've been following the history of the Anti-Defamation League, you will find out they've been very much involved in covertly supporting a lot of these so-called American Nazi movements. In fact, all the way back, just about the time of World War II, there was this scandal where the head of the American Nazi Party, which had a total membership of like six, and yet they were getting all this press, was arrested for embezzling from his sponsors, which turned out to be the ADL. So that kind of blew up in their faces. So anyway, we have Adam Perlman, and he's been going around saying, I'm Al-Qaeda, I'm Al-Qaeda, see, I got a turban on my head, I'm a terrible Muslim.

Gotta hate me, gotta be afraid of me, and, of course, everybody's laughing at him now because we all know who he is. Okay, so, they have brought in the understudy, and there is a new American al-Qaeda named Yosef al-Khattab. Ooh, big scary name, and they've got a picture of him out there where he's holding all these guns and knives, and he's dressed up like a wannabe Rambo, and he's scowling at the camera, and he supposedly has this website with things in it like pictures of the Statue of Liberty with an axe buried in the back of the head. I mean, very heavy-handed, very over the top.

There was also a link to a puppet show mocking Danny Pearl's beheading. Take a look.

You know, just looking more like a movie than anything else. So, as it turns out, this is another fake. His real name is Joseph Cohen. He's a 39-year-old New York City taxi driver, as you mentioned.

He called himself Yusuf Al-Qaeda, but he was born Joseph Cohen here.

He is another manufactured front to try and convince Americans that Al-Qaeda is actually here in the United States. This is why we've got to be doing this, doing surveillance on the American people and reading their email, listening to their phone calls and all this stuff, because you never know when we're going to get into a situation with the American Al-Qaeda. And it's all a front. It's a fake.

He's up there. He's there to try and create an enemy that doesn't really exist in order to justify the totalitarian treatment of the American people and to encourage us to go and attack them before they kill us. They're already here on the home front. We've got to go bomb those darned, those gosh darned Muslims because they're infiltrating America and they're ripping tags off of couch cushions and they're causing global warming and we've got to go in there it's nonsense it's all war propaganda you guys need to listen to me very very carefully especially to the american audience your country is under attack and it is not under attack the whole world is let's look into what these little bite-sized terrorists are doing. This guy is here to protect them. I feel so protected with these guys protecting

me. I don't know what I would do if I didn't have them to help beat up children that I'm scared of. Check out these fucking terrorists. Thank you for protecting me from them. The

faces of your enemy. You can see it like right behind you. At least we have good people that they're doing things like this to save us from these terrorists. I feel safer already. More terrorists get bombed.

White Horns. See they're saying God is the greatest that means they're terrorists. God is the greatest, I'm a terrorist. Just so you're aware, look see it's not letting me because it wants to play the next one.

You see? You see how dodgy it is? can also mean God is greater so I'm going through a lot of crap right now but God is greater than it I thought this was self-evident so Israelis can just go into Palestine and then take the homes of... fucking terrorists. Get out, terrorists.

Oh, you go, terrorists. You're confiscating your house, terrorists. No, you can't go anymore. You're out, terrorists. The entire world is laughing at you. Let's kill all these fucking terrorists.

Allegedly, officials be around them, doing that to them if they weren't terrorists. Alright, this place didn't make a dessert right. Excuse me, there's a whole bunch of smoke that could be a biological weapon. Make them fucking cry.

Pop their fucking cherries. How awesome. This will help them defeat terrorism. Terrorism Greetings citizens of the world We are anonymous. This is a message to all pedophiles around the world

So you don't know how to use your language either? This is the operation paid oh hunt For too long we have tolerated your abuse against children and allowed you to go unpunished Every year more than 3 million cases of child abuse are reported in the United States involving more than 6 million children. In America alone, child abuse is reported every 10th second, which are very concerning. Today the Internet are the most used medium for creating, distributing and accessing child pornography.

We have made it our mission to track, expose and shut down the accounts pedophiles use to share their child pornography. In doing so we will expose those behind these accounts in an effort to prevent further victimization of these children. while we wait for the police to do their job in investigating and prosecuting these criminals your abuse of children have gone unnoticed but that's certainly over now we will not allow you to rape and abuse children and in that way destroy their lives your abuse of children's life will now be met with strong resistance and you should expect revenge your possibility to hide will weaken and you will get punished in one week we will leak a massive docs including addresses and full names of pedophiles these names will be shared both with the police the media and their family members pedophiles it is in your best interest to stop any further abuse of children or the consequence will become worse with each passing hour pedophiles we will treat each abuse as a personal attack on anonymous and you will be dealt with hardly and without warning wrong word if you abuse children we will find you and we We will expose you to your friends, your family, your employer, and your community. We will not stop before the pedophiles will get punished and the abuse of children will stop.

We don't even understand the words you use. We are obedient. We do not forgive. We do not forget.

Pedophiles, expect us. Expect us. Fuck you.

Child molesters, expect us.

Witch hunt. Op. Child molester hunt. First citizen, I thought you might be legion, but if you are I'm very fucking disappointed in your legion now.

Can yo posse not even understand the fucking words they use? But this is good news and what I wanted to happen. They just made an attack on all pedophiles though instead of focusing on those who rape children. They made a direct attack on me and I've spent a great deal of my life trying to expose this.

Is that fair? is that any fairer than yo fucking courts in which you're fighting against i was incarcerated many times for trying to expose this over my life in which all of this crap that's happening now was not happening and now that it's coming to the crunch yo stand up when i've been doing it my whole life and getting my head chopped off for doing it But, then you associate fucking me in with it? I'm not fucking legion, and unless they get their asses in line, I will not associate myself with those assholes.

I'm fucking Spartan.

With this sort of corruption, there is no way that you will fucking rebuild Rome on my clock. what you're doing is good and pretty much what needs to happen but you just created a witch hunt on all people in which are psychologically inclined like that what the fuck you doing you just use labeling theory to associate an entire group of people together white black brown it is what comes out of a fucking yo and not what goes into a fucking yo I think you should make war on the Greeks because a whole heap of them are psychologically inclined like that actually a whole heap of people in our modern-day world are psychologically inclined like that but you just fucking condemned them all I used to think anonymous was my allies but maybe I have fucking been mistaken you make war on gods you fucking reap those consequences that's the truth do you think they will it's not likely so that will happen not one of yo groups in this world is on my side because you are all fucking wicked op witch hunt we all know how that turned out test you another important aspect in which tipped me off to the terrible state of our world is because I would study philosophy and since I was an audible learner I would use videos and audio to do that but because of that no one would let me near them because then they would get exposed to those topics and those topics both confused and frightened people so I would have to be secluded in order to study those topics which makes no sense because people sit around the tv all the time and that's okay but philosophy that's out of bounds see this is all i was asking that my camera could do but it can almost do it already they deleted my comments meaning they censored me not only that they blocked me from being able to post to their shit you are going down logical arguments presented i think i have worked out this game called life i think all of this is coming to an end because if i have spent my entire life doing this and not obtained one ally if everybody has rejected me then it is time for me to stop Look at this dick. I'm not going to feed him anymore.

Bandicoots lost their opportunity.

So have humans. They have treated my sustenance as poison my entire life. And the truth is what their leaders give them is poison. But they're too stupid to see it.

It's like all the people that are on video saying shit. no matter whether they're mainstream or not mainstream, are hired.

When every side of the battlefield is against logic, then what does that leave us with? The truth? Hell. When every side of the battlefield is pro-censorship, then where does that leave us?

I just ripped them off for you. Ripped! Thank you. censoring when one is silenced why are they emailing me I no longer have an account with them I am sorry that I spent my life trying to help you see in retrospect it was all futile but either way it gave me the ability to broadcast your idiocracy to the skies and now they are coming to judge you it's called documentation mate and when it's done real time you can't argue with it here's the argument name that I was looking for when I was saying if you can go 60 then you can go 70 if you can go 70 you can go 80 I showed you that one though I I knew it was related, I just couldn't remember the actual argument name.

Can you see? My past work tells me what I need to do in the future through censorship. So if they define the word pedophile, divide and conquer by labeling everybody and everything. It doesn't matter if they're truly associated with what you're labeling because you make the labels no one needs to prove their conclusions i must prove them false and if i do censored these stones in which they throw it was only a few minute video and instead of reshooting it to remove the incorrect information they thought it wiser to censor me when we continue to bite the hand that feeds eventually that hand will no longer feed besides countless likes who has supported me in this thing because for now on i will only feed those who appreciate it and do not hurt me for doing it will that be you there you go if so then you have a lot to catch up on and I will only release my future productions over my dead body what do you think is going to happen tomorrow prepared to plant a bomb that would explode on itself after many many fucking years. It's Target, everyone, and everything. This video was taken inside a

USDA inspected slaughterhouse that supplies Hormel. With faster line speeds than almost any other facility in the US, approximately 1,300 pigs are killed each hour. By law, pigs must be rendered insensible to pain before having their throat slit however this doesn't always happen at quality pork processors either from human error or from intentional cruelty as one worker admitted this pig arching her back and lifting her head is attempting to right herself which is a sign she may be conscious pigs who regain sensibility on the slaughter line are sometimes even scalded alive this slaughter plant is one of five facilities in the U.S. operating under a USDA-approved pilot program that allows for high-speed slaughter and reduced government oversight. The excessive speed not only jeopardizes food safety for

consumers, but also forces workers to take inhumane shortcuts that lead to extreme suffering for millions of pigs. As a result, these smart, social animals are beaten, shocked, dragged, and improperly stunned, all out of view of government inspectors. This high-speed, reduced oversight slaughter program essentially allows the profit-driven pork industry to police itself, resulting in devastating consequences for animals, workers, and consumers. Despite this, the USDA may roll it out nationwide.

One facility supervisor, responsible for overseeing the stunning of animals, was caught sleeping on the job. Other supervisors were caught cheering as a pig was improperly stunned and drenching paper towels and pig's blood to throw at other workers.

Animals who are too sick or injured to walk, known as downers, often endure more egregious abuses on the kill floor. They also present heightened risks to food safety. However, lax inspections result in many downers being slaughtered for food. Our investigator routinely saw sick and injured animals forced through the slaughter system to be turned into Spam and other pork products for Hormel.

Our footage also shows numerous potential food safety issues, such as animals with prolapsed organs being processed for food, as well as countless pig carcasses riddled with pus-filled abscesses and covered in feces.

Sadly, animal abuse is standard practice throughout the entire meat industry. Each of us can stand up for pigs and all animals by leaving them off our plates.

I don't know, you don't see what you have there? This is our Luba, she only works with the Kremlin Here we are in Syria, Donbass, Iraq, Yemen Our correspondents are working here Look at the production value.

You foreign people. Your mother came and brought milk. Who would you like to come here to work? London is the capital of Great Britain?

Here is the people who work. Oh, Nikolai Pavlovich. You control it? You control it.

You don't care about me. You understand? What did you think about it? It's right.

We work. We have to vote, we need to vote until we don't put them anywhere. Of course, this is good.

be arrested if they're not 12 years old it's illegal to arrest them this one is 11 his name is no he's 11 years old he's done anything building seven blackjack because your mathematicians can't calculate Charlie Chaplin future has left us in want our knowledge has made us cynical I'll think too much for the machinery.

We need kindness and gentleness. Without these qualities, life will be violent and all will be lost. The airplane and the radio have brought us closer together. The very nature of these inventions cries out for the goodness in men, cries out for universal brotherhood, for the unity of us all.

Even now, my voice is reaching millions throughout the world, millions of despairing men, women, and little children, victims of a system that makes men torture and imprison innocent people. to those who can hear me i say do not despair the misery that is now upon us is but the passing of greed the bitterness of men who fear the way of human progress the hate of men will pass and dictators die and the power they took from the people to the people and so long as men die will never perish soldiers don't give yourselves to brutes men who despise you enslave you who Regiment your lives, tell you what to do, what to think of, treat you like cattle, use you as cannon. In the 17th chapter of St. Luke it is written, the kingdom of God is within man, not one man nor a group of men, but in all men.

Venture, then let us fight for a new world that will give men a chance to work, a future, and all to security, have risen to power.

The day after my birthday, the year before I came to Australia. Years later, the cinema is taking its first steps. Employed by the Lumiere brothers filming at Jerusalem Station provide the first moving pictures taken in Palestine.

A society much like that of Cairo, Damascus or Beirut in an Arab city much like any other. In the 19th century, Palestine has 500,000 inhabitants of whom 30,000 live in Jerusalem. A woman, a Sunni Muslim, one of the majority. An Orthodox Jew.

The denominations has its church here in the holy city. The holy places of the three religions are scattered across a few hundred square meters. The great mosque is close to Christ's tomb. Further along, at the foot of the Wailing Wall, a Jew is reciting a prayer.

He is wearing a Turkish tabush, and though he prays in Hebrew, his everyday language is Arabic. All they make up less than five in this immense territory. Palestine occupies a mere 27,000 square kilometers made up of three small districts in the south of the province of Damascus. The same empire in the 17th century. In the meantime, it has lost the Baltans. France and Italy have seized

North Africa. England has moved into Egypt, Aden, and even Kuwait. I think Anonymous is likely psyops. Remember nothing gets popular without the shadow hands making it that. Welcome to the future. Thank you for your part in making

it happen. So go ahead grab your guns now so you can fight yo oppressors. A day of of silence today and a final hat-trick tomorrow. The rule became nobody could travel unless individually permitted, and over the years those restrictions became more and more intense, with physical barriers, a fence around Gaza in 1995, a wall that began to be built around the West Bank and inside the West Bank beginning in 2003, enforced restrictions, so criminal penalties for entering without a permit, and And actually, the Oslo period brought about a period of increased travel restrictions.

And they've just gotten worse since then. At certain moments, some Israeli politicians like Shimon Peres hoped to convince Arafat to declare it the Palestinian state. And later on, developed the West Bank into something else. This was the idea.

The idea then, in the 90s, was, okay, we cannot get rid of Gaza. We cannot annex Gaza. So let's get rid of it. And you know, Rabin is quoted to have said, I wish that Gaza drowned in the sea.

See, she saw it. Please note, this says if they make war against you, then it does not say make war against them, for this is the command of thy Lord. and you guys make fun of me for my language so what she is saying is that Israel has the right to defend itself but Gaza doesn't I think this fucking yo is a spy his dog is obviously trained to bark whenever someone passes it and he set up his camp right next to the bridge so every time I have to cross the bridge his dog barks at me so yeah why would you set up right next to the bridge when you have a dog that barks at everybody who passes isn't that what you would call a troll this guy's beautiful but I don't want him in my tent how do I get him out of my tent without killing him job successful go be free don't come back here. So six. That's it. You guys are idiots. I'll say it again. You guys are

idiots. I was crucified no matter how you look at it. It was how I was going to finish. You'll see.

Zroof Davol T Turb Drak Kwa Red Nya I I I like this one. I've seen that a few times. this one's really funny too survey says I like it when everybody in the world is corrupt and has a death wish this is our beginning corrupt language in order to discriminate entire groups of people even when a large portion of those people in which you discriminate are not part of the problems in which you identify, but it's okay, because that's just going to cause you all to fight each other, and the more of you abominations in which kill each other, the society succeeds. Nah, uh, go away, go away, go away, go away, you screw up my tent, uh-uh, go away, away from here.

We don't worry about logic, and we ascribe to the same fucking evil practices in which our oppressors do. We're just a little bit different in how we do it. We have some good points, but our core is flawed. A lot of us will use our guns.

We could just stop what they say, stop listening to them, because they actually don't have any power, but instead we're fired. I am Spartan, forgive 777 times, and I never fucking forget. Society can tolerate an immortal robot, but we will never tolerate an immortal human. It arouses too much jealousy, too much anger.

I'm sorry Andrew, this court cannot and will not validate your humanity. Therefore, I must strip myself of my humanity, because you guys don't understand the fucking words you use.

When the time comes, who will you bow to? Father, let thy will be done. It is done, Father. They have all been notified, Ben.

But this time, I gave them seven, seven, seven.

For they wear masks so that others cannot see their hearts. The task in which you gave me, my God, has been completed.

ZOI.

ZOI.


༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
https://republicka.life
https://kkk.education
CC0 PUBLICKÁ DOMÁNIA
ALL LOVE RESERVED
AMORIARIACKA IS MY NATIVE TONGUE
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻