༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
▶️ Technomadology ▶️
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻

April 2, 2018


Technomadology emerges as a radical philosophical odyssey that shatters conventional education and societal structures. Through fragmented yet profound lectures, it envisions a global meritocracy where humanity transcends tribal divisions to function as a unified ecosystem. The course challenges listeners to awaken from societal conditioning, exposing how institutions like the Illuminati manipulate knowledge systems while advocating for Open Source University—a revolutionary, uncorrupted education model designed to empower all ages with practical wisdom beyond Ivy League limitations.

The creator, Wendell Charles NeSmith, positions himself as a persecuted modern sage battling censorship and systemic oppression. His raw, stream-of-consciousness delivery interweaves personal struggles—homelessness, sleep disorders, and failed job applications—with explosive critiques of AI ethics, copyright laws, and humanity’s blindness to truth. Lectures like "The Illuminati Game" and "Maritime Law" reveal a world governed by hidden powers, urging students to reject passive consumption and instead engage in "reverse brainwashing" to dismantle deception.

At its core, Technomadology is a call to intellectual arms. It demands that humanity confront uncomfortable truths—from the corruption of science to the weaponization of technology—while offering a path to redemption through self-education and collective awakening. The course culminates in a covenant sealed by blood: participants must choose to either join the fight for enlightenment or remain complicit in a doomed system. This is not merely education; it’s a blueprint for societal rebirth forged in the fires of divine tragedy and technological revelation.


------


23-Technomadology-Lecture-01-Technology-Sorcery

Open Source University is a comprehensive education system built from the ground up as a drop-in replacement for all current methods of employment. It is designed for all ages and lifestyles. So go ahead, start earning your degree today for free, yeah right, and end up with a more practically applicable qualification than any Ivy League college will ever be able to offer you. The interface of Open Source University is intuitively dynamic, so much so that even a child could use it.

It is true that the degree program is incredibly advanced, but I am here to open up that level of thought to all ages. It has been designed for the smartest of children to become the new teachers of the world, not only teaching their own generation, but also our future ones. The topics have been presented in a way that any child with an attention span can learn very complicated subjects in a very short period of time. It achieves this by breaking apart very complicated information and relating it with the stories that they grew up with.

It then demonstrates what deeper meaning those stories have to their own day-to-day lives.

And in that process, they will be required to draw their own conclusions about the topics. Open Source University is a project of compassion.

It is entirely free, has no ads, nor makes any type of revenue. It is here merely because one brilliant individual noticed our society lacking these structures, and he was driven to create them before anyone else did, but uncorrupted by human greed. It is the model post technological university and it will be very difficult for anyone to implement a better system. It is timeless and will live throughout the ages.

I think I'll just do it in another app everything's so slow here we go oh it's because I'm doing heaps of stuff in the background you want to see I'm doing I'll show you what I'm doing okay so I'm watching TV show I'm seeking a whole bunch of data you know that one okay um and I'll show you what else I'm doing because this is on my phone now this is see localhost on my phone I have a computer on my phone what's it doing it's processing this thing I just uploaded yes maybe a bit slow for reasons but let's do what we need to do Come on. You're not going to work? Okay. Let me see if I can redo just section by section and take sections because we're overloading our phone with information. Maybe this editor is not the best. We'll find out. See? There's Open Source University. I hope you enjoyed it. Now let's do something different.

This is a Panasonic camera. And I am used to a Sony. And a Sony camera really is my style. But I got this when I had no other choice because they stopped making cameras with lights on them.

I wanted a camera with a light on it so if it was dark you could see me and I didn't think that was too much to ask but nowadays they don't make these so it's difficult to find a camera to utilize in my productions so as you saw with the last take which I thought I was going to remove and then edit that last part out I closed the camera and it continued to record so I'm not happy with that so I'm going to actually you'll see what I'm going to do with Sony you can look at the video and then if you're not happy with the end of the video you can cut the video or it doesn't matter about the end if you're not with any part of that video you can cut the video and then you can delete the end part of the video so that was very handy but this doesn't have the option to split the videos so I need a camera that can do what I need it to do hmm that's in pesos by the way not dollars that's way too expensive and no light either. I think I'm going to have to just persevere with what I have. I'll work out all the kinks. This is called a Chromecast and it uses HDMI to send the video and USB to power it. It's about 50 US dollars. It kind of sucks though because

you can only view files with a mobile application you have to upload them on desktop which is why I have Linux installed on this and I love having Linux installed on it but if we go into here this is what's currently uploading it says no data let's refresh it now we have this let's do it so here is the Zool's viewer it's only a viewer you can't edit anything you can't even rename or move items which is why we have the web interface and which is what convinced me to root my phone so that I could install Linux on it but it was well worth it even though I can't update my Android now but eventually I'll fix that okay so here's my desktop and it has a lot of different apps and eventually we'll go through them all they're really good and there's a lot you can do with this eventually I won't need this over here because this is replacing everything see I don't use the side because the way I have it organized I don't need to So what we're going to be talking about in this section is this program called Linux Deploy. So we open up Linux Deploy and we get this screen. And first we have over here, we have the profiles. This is running Debian.

I'm only running Debian, I only need to run Debian. I don't need anything more, although sometimes I play around. See, this is all you can run, but sometimes I like to play around with this one right here. But yeah, they have a lot, including Slackware.

Slackware is what I actually started off with. But I love APT, so Debian is where my heart is. Okay, so first, before you do anything, you have to configure it. I mean first you have to select your profile so you go profile and you go a new profile here the plus button and then you select what you want actually yeah it's here you select the one here that you want the default will be Linux so there will be one in there that just says Linux and just delete it once you have this one in there so after you've done that you have your profile there you go here and you go to the settings so here you have to set up all the configuration so really all you have to do the installation path that is where my SD card is that's that long numbers my SD card it will only allow you to have up to four gigabytes because it's formatted in VAT32 so I just have three nine nine nine but I won't need any more than that and to be honest I don't think I need that either so ext2 is the fastest so I just stick with that that's what's default anyway so your username and then your password which I changed that I just put password because it shows what your password is and I don't want to record that you need to make sure you add yourself to the privileged users that's the super users so let's continue you don't need to do anything there okay so here in mount points you need to mount your SD cards so you do that by adding that last line there okay so once you've mounted let me go back okay so here we go mount points I don't need an SSH server on it because there I'll show you in a sec but um I don't even need that I'll show it doesn't matter um but here this one's important is we go to here and then you set your width and your height and so you must enable that and here the default is LXDE but I like XFCE because the mousey mousey mousey and here's the terminal you can go to terminal here if it'll work I don't know it doesn't matter I don't need it so here I go into jump desktop I love jump desktop I will find out more about that about why the history of that so Vulcan is over there and I can access it anywhere if I'm on the run or on another wireless network or anywhere as long as i have internet i can access it because jump desktop is cool like that um but we'll go to local host which is on the phone that's the one on the sd card okay so i just kind of use it like this um right now let me show you the mousey mousey mousey so see mousey mousey mousey i like xfce okay so this right here is genie i'm trying to learn python right now uh so uh genie's right there you see genie and uh there's this i usually just use it through this um eventually once i get a bluetooth keyboard mouse that's small i will um sometimes hook it up but i don't know i like working on this and uh this keyboard google keyboard's quite good and this program has all the characters the tab and the shift and the control what's important here is the it has up and down and left and right which is awesome and see if we press F5 here that just go if you press F5 it's just a shortcut for going build and execute so if we go F5 you see if we get now hello world okay so let's get out of that and you see there's the code for hello world over here I have four different desktops I can work with and you can see that okay so desktop one I'm uploading I'm uploading on Udemy and to see it has this little button it's the mouse so just click there too so there I could be uploading there too but I don't want to kill my connection right now I have a lot to upload but I've already uploaded a lot too yeah so lifetime it's pretty cool yep so that's that I really enjoy it I really like it uh jump desktop it's using vnc to connect it's really fast i really like but if you don't want to we use droid edit that was the one we were using earlier last night uh that was a little laggy because i was doing a lot of things at the time um this pi droid is one that you can use so So I can go, um, print, uh, print, and then we have this, I can go run, oh, oh, I'll put two, I wasn't looking, okay, so we go back, we can go here, it's hard to do this when I'm holding a camera, um, hello world, let's try that, yeah, so now we have hello world.

So to install it after you've configured all of these options, uh, then you just want to click this button up here and click install. So what that will do is first make the image and then it will download the installation and then it will install the rest of the packages. Disconfigure, don't worry about this configure unless you then change something in here and then want to configure it again want to reconfigure it so don't worry about that install works so once you finish it so you'll start out once you do that you click there and you click install it'll say deploy and then that's the beginning and when it says deploy again it means it finished is the same with start so after it's finished deploying you click start and it'll say start at the top and then once it says start at the bottom it means it's finished and you can always stop it too so yeah and what I was saying before about not worrying about the console is I can just just go into here and go into here applications now I have console so yeah you don't really need to enable this option over here it's not necessary and we'll just add more security vulnerabilities to root my phone I had to first unlock the bootloader and I had to do that through Motorola and I had to do a lot of research about different ways to root it and I have Oreo which is currently the latest Android operating system so since it's new there wasn't a lot of different ways to root the phone but the way I ended up doing it was through these files so this minimal ADB fast boot is like the Android development tools uh the minimal ones basically you don't want to download the whole android environment so i just got that and if you can see it's only really small whereas the whole android environment is like three gigs or something okay so i had to get motorola device manager

which that allowed me to be able to use proper usb drivers for this so if something went wrong it wouldn't so nothing would go wrong really okay so um i then had to boot into um the bootloader which goes down like so you turn your phone off you can't have it plugged in while it's doing this um otherwise it'll just keep on trying to start up but you hold the power button and the volume down button at the same time for like it's like eight or nine seconds uh and then it'll boot into the bootloader and then from there you use these adb tools that you installed and you type in fastboot space boot space this file right here this twrp and then you get into there and then you just tell it to install this super su but I will mention that it did make so i had to install it and then it was rooted but super su didn't install properly so then i had to go to the app store and install super su and then turn it off again and then

and then install that super su file again so it was a little strange to get it doing that i do want to recommend you be careful and you do a lot of research before you root because it can cause your phone to be bricked and that means that it doesn't do anything but usually you can get it back and I have never messed up a phone from rooting it well I mean I messed it up a lot I messed up a lot of different friends from rooting it but never permanently I always managed to figure out a way to fix it there's something I'll mention in a second oh yeah about plugging it in so after you do that bootloader you hold those two down and then after it boots in to the bootloader then you plug it in and then Then you tell it to boot that through the minimal ADB fast boot, that file right there. Every phone is different and you have to do a lot of research. They'll all have different files for you to flash and I recommend before you do this, download the stock image of your phone. So if anything goes wrong, you can then just restore it to stock.

There are a few things that you have to do when unlocking the bootloader, and that requires also the ADB fast boot software, the one that we were just looking at, this one. But it's not too difficult because, well at least for Motorola, it wasn't too difficult because motorola pretty much told me how i had to do it another app that i think is really cool is called tasker and this allows you to set up any automotive automatic um processes so So right now I have two. So I have this battery level 100%, which is not yet there, and a power. So I'll show you, for example.

I'm going to hold it with my teeth.

Huh?

Yeah. So I like my phone talking to me.

So when it gets to 100%, you can see here's the task charged. So I get it to say. I am charged Wendell. I am charged Wendell.

So anytime when this gets 100%, it will say, I am charged Wendell. And I really like this voice. This voice comes from Acapella.

It's the only one I have. It's really cute. Yeah, contacting server, whatever.

So yeah, it's called Rosie. It's really good. I like it. Hello, I am the British English speech synthesis voice from a cappella.

Efficient, fast and of very high quality. Why not try me out with your own words in the context of your application? Within 10 years, we won't be able to tell the difference between real speech and synthesized speech. Or it'll be, I mean, maybe it'll be like more perfect than real speech.

But you see, it's really good because, um, like all the books that you have, uh, that are text, you can then, um, get it to speak to you. Uh, so for example, uh, if we're going to talk about this, this, okay. I just have to click in the middle there, and then, see this button down here? I press this.

uh oops no i don't press that um i press this one right here see start tts free books at planetbook.com chapter one it was a bright cold day in april see you can pause it just by it was a bright cold day in april and the clocks were striking 13. winston smith his chin nuzzled into his breast in an effort to escape the vile wind slipped quickly through the glass doors of victory mansions, though not quickly enough to prevent a swell of gritty dust from entering along with him. The hallway smelt of boiled cabbage and old jagged mats. At one end of it, a colored poster, too large for indoor display, had been tacked to him.

I can have headphones on. It depicted simply an enormous face, more than a meter wide. The face of a man of about 45, with a heavy black mustache and ruggedly handsome features. I can go in here.

for the stairs it was no use trying the lift even at the best of times it was seldom working and at present the electric current was cut off during daylight hours it was part of the economy drive in preparation for hate week the flat was seven flights up and winston who was 39 and had a varicose ulcer above his right ankle and then you can go in And to a cool program called SE, sorry, yeah, it's SE, Solid Explorer. And here's my SD card. And it's 64 gigs. I saw a 200 gigabyte one.

That's a lot of space, but I don't really need it. Okay, so, yeah, this is all downloading, so I can then upload. And see, there's two different windows. so here's my internal memory but I could change this to let's say you know my Dropbox or something and eventually I'll cancel this subscription because it's like $10 a month yeah so it's really good though for right now but I'll cancel the subscription and then leave the files on it and then go use another one and upgrade the storage to it to get free stores maybe I'll show you that later but here's a cool program called drop sync and you go into sync folders and here's all the folders that sync so that's constant that's that directory that you saw just earlier my coding folder and I think I can delete this now I think I finished that because I just make them temporary until they copy and then I'll upload them and then I'll get rid of them and then the course 1984 two-way sync yeah see all that's there yeah as far as rooting goes apparently I need magisk so I can update my phone but right now that breaks my phone and And then I have to restore and then install that again.

So maybe in the near future there will be magisks and I can then use that instead of this method and then be able to update my phone. Because you can go here and see there is a settings button there. You can go to the bottom, it goes system, uh, come on, and system updates, so I'm on 8.0 now saying it's available, it's only like hardly any, um, but download and install, uh, I can't do that, like right when I do that, then it will, uh, fail, it'll fail, so, uh, kind of annoying, but here's my model of my phone i recommend to do this that you get either a mid-range phone or

like this is a mid-range phone um but a good phone a really good phone would be even better for this because sometimes when i'm doing lots of intense processing especially video compiling or video editing then it will be quite slow but most of the time it's quite fast so yeah eventually they'll all be fast this technology is going to get cheaper and cheaper unless you're Android sorry unless you're Apple I messed that up okay see with the audiobooks you get this little thing and you go boom the flat was seven flights up and winston yeah and you can go like lock it and it'll be right there and you can just have your headphones on the flat was seven flights up and then you can uh listen to lots of books all the I use bluetooth headphones so I don't even have a cable and I never liked the cable because the cables die all the time and they're kind of annoying in your pocket and they're not good on your phone because you're constantly putting pressure on the port it's the same with these plugs I don't really like plugs like this but the saying that this plug is better because it's not this the standard I think it's called USB C which is the next standard so it's pretty new yeah hope you're enjoying this how backwards it's quite easy I'm just copying from what I wrote a long time ago pasting straight there and just add one thing my old videos are shot in this resolution and I've been trying my best to convert it to 720p however it has a lot of problems doing that but I've just found out realized it wasn't obvious that I need to be converting to 960p to keep the correct display that was super annoying let's see if it works okay so we're waiting on these to copy over but we have one copy already so we go to video and we go to video converter and we go here and we go here and we go here and we go to our internal storage or sorry our external storage or SD and then we go to project notebook and then we have the one that's right there and click it yes I found everything so let's click this and we want mp4 and then next okay here's where we got to change it because otherwise Udemy won't let me upload it so I was doing 720 but the proportions wasn't coming out right, so I have to go 960, 960, and click go, and it's going to do it, a diem.

So here's how I teach my lessons, I go into here, and then go to Google Slides, and then I go into my latest lesson plan, I just create this, so I just create a slide on my phone, and the slides have for example this has 14 slides for tomorrow's lesson and I go into here at the top there that little Chromecast button and I cast it to the bedroom loads I can go next etc but it's quite cool because I can lock it see I can lock it and it's still showing and just go good fun new resolution new size cut I'll create a new directory a new folder this is Solid Explorer let's just go P and because we know it's finished PM, paste, content, carpe diem, add content, video, we have to scroll down a little bit, and upload video, select video, we just upload that. Let's see how it goes. My name is Wendell Charles NeSmith. Good morning, Diana.

I am an English teacher in Mexico.

I spend my life searching the world for a girl who will teach philosophy online with me for the rest of our lives together. This lifestyle has caused me to become extremely portable as well as experience many things. I have filmed around 2,000 hours of extremely meaningful philosophy courses. I am a citizen of both the US and Australia, but I consider myself a citizen of the world.

I am what I like to call a tech nomad, which is a technology-driven nomad.

Hmm, even after conversion, I'm still getting a strange screen, so I'm going to have to work on that. I'm not sure why it's doing that. It's problems with this pixel aspect ratio

something in which the Sony camera that I had shot in 720 by 576 so strange resolution that's not very standard So it's difficult to convert so it's back to Vegas. Thank you for watching See you next lecture. I hope you enjoyed



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



23-Technomadology-Lecture-02-Angel-Sword

So these are the video settings that I'm using with this camera quality is low, but it's not It's really high quality, so it's fine to make it low So yeah, I just import all of those and these came off the camera So I go over here and it came into usually doesn't use this just one, but it's just different naming Convention so this was what started it off and then this is what Ended it off So it was a total of let's see how many it takes

39 yes, that's pretty good Okay, so we look over here and I think I got it here. It looks like it's going

Yeah, so I think this is how we're going to have to convert our old Sony videos so this is the file that it created this is last episode and here's the details of it and here's its size its length this is lewo video converter ultimate and it's always done me really well because it has that merge into one file option I really like it but in saying that this is PC and this is PC and our ultimate goal is to get rid of this so that's what we should be striving for is to make it where everything we need is on this but we can't do that until we have the equipment to be able to do it. So although there are some apps that will merge videos they're not as good as Lewo because Lewo you can just add the whole directory and I haven't been able to find a video program that can convert uh what is it 720p to no no 576p to 720p so at the moment i'm stuck with using a laptop as well and it's not only that uh if i get a camera when i get another camera in the future I would want one that could upload wirelessly that way I could just transfer it straight to my phone so there are all things to think about but almost everything you can do you can do on your phone and to be honest I would be able to do it on my phone because because if I just take the SD card out and then put it and then but I have to swap the SD cards that's the thing maybe I could get like a go-to cable so I could plug it into my phone but wireless would be so much easier so the technology is there right now but I just can't afford it but that's not the only thing is they took out the lights from the Sony handycams why would you remove the light from the Sony Handycam and I don't really want to get another camera until it has a light on it that way I can shoot easily in the dark it's super annoying it's like we went backwards because that light was really awesome here's the original here is the newly created one and you can see it's actually smaller which isn't good that's not what we wanted it should be like 500 megabytes at least I think we go into details and then details over here. So the original, here's the resolution. Here's the new one. So we got the right resolution. So we go into this one, here's the original.

Okay so now we go to the one we just created. To restart donation. Okay so you can probably tell that this is worse quality. So we upped the resolution but somehow got worse quality.

So we're going to have to work on how to fix that now. We want the same quality if possible. So here's what we had to do to convert the video. We had to make the pixel aspect ratio 1, but I showed you before in the previous lecture that we went to file properties and we had to choose the 1.468 or something like that, which is white screen.

But since it was originally shot with a pixel aspect ratio of 1, we have to use that 1. So I think we can enhance the quality just by making that 4 right there, and then making that 4. So we just go 4, 4, and I'm pretty sure that's going to make it better quality. I'll just save it over that.

It'll take longer this time. takes about last time it took like six or seven hours when I first started doing this it took between 20 to 30 hours per video just to render it and if I messed up in the video then art the video didn't sink right or something like that just have to do it again this is how long the video is so just 18 minutes and 24 seconds and this is how long it's taking me to do it so I got a lot of work and waiting around to do in my future Sony Vegas has always been really slow like that but I don't know any other programs that can do what I need to do so whoo a lot of work yeah what do you think what's your opinion takes a really long time okay it's still going up it's going to take a very long time so this is an FTP server for your phone it's called Solid Explorer FTP server it's pretty good so the home directory as SD card is fine I'm just going to start it and here it is here let me just refresh it refresh you know working on it yeah see it's there so I'll just stick it in download that's fine so let's go here to this course right here and this file right here I already have the name for it but I forgot it's in the production so I'm just gonna copy it paste it right in there so that's just working over the network instead of using the internet to upload and then download so you're not repeating yourself yeah the whole file turned out to be that size which is pretty good it's pretty good quality you can see it's gonna be really slow because this is slow but yeah yeah so you can see it's really clear even though I only converted it as low quality so this is a good resolution so I won't have the problem that I had with all of those other videos which is super annoying but I just keep the source files the original ones that I used to begin with um but yeah that's it so for a file this big 52 minutes is going to take over nine hours time to restart the heart of our new nation my salvation December 25th 2012 it took about 12 13 hours so that's the new file and go to details here and that's the size which is exactly what we want and this is the original size let me get it storage project notebook oops that's the new one okay so it's under Dropbox and then so the original was here so it pretty much doubled in size and here's the original details so we did it good job just takes a long time so I'll do it from the beginning just so you can see it so first I have to open so I go open and then I go into number two and so we're doing it. So it loads it and it puts in the timeline. So that's what we want. So now we

go file and then we go to properties. So properties down here. And then we change it. We made

a template already. So make sure when you use it. See it says used. So that's the template we should use. So now we have used. This is the resolution. Okay. So this is the aspect

ratio that we use for the template, the project properties, and we just have good, which is fine, this is all fine, um, yeah, so, uh, I'll just tell it to start all new projects like that, um, I can change it later, once I finish doing this, but to be honest, I don't think I'll have to change it for a long time, because I only need to use this for my old videos, So I apply that, and then I go OK, and then I go File, and then I go Render As, and then I'm putting it in Project Notebook, but I want to get the file name, so I just go to Dropbox, and then Project Notebook, and then see I select 2, and that puts the file name in there, so I don't need to make the file name now, and I go back to PM here, and then I just click oh I gotta go custom and see this is one I've saved already HD so I need that same size there here's the difference though you see the pixel aspect ratio there because we filmed it in that because it's a crap camera or it was a really good camera for what it was and when it was but uh, it didn't have standard resolutions. So yeah, uh, we've had four, four, one, um, and then just, uh, HD. So we just go, okay. And then we'll just save it right there. And between 12 and 14 hours

later, voila. It's time to save the world. First in life, we must choose our side. This is how we begin. But we must strengthen our wings in order to efficiently fly. We will

have to defeat many snakes. The process of character development is exhausting. We must choose which skills we are to obtain wisely. So we have our course here and there is no lecture. So first we want to create a new lecture. So we come here and we go, um, technology

and then we got a capital S Sorcery and it's there. So we just go add lecture. But we can't add content yet because we don't have our video there so we need to go to bulk uploader. I'm not uploading anything in bulk but this is the only way to access the Dropbox feature which then you go there, go to the course, and there's the file. So you just click that file, select

the file, and select it, upload. And it's really fast because it's on Dropbox. But once that finishes, that will take some time to process the video. To protect myself against cruel people, hurtful people, ignorant people, we must herd the sheep.

I wanted all of this to be free, but society doesn't enable that to work. It's equated with not worth anything. And the majority of the internet is composed of trolls who love to jump on a video for 30 seconds and then make hurtful comments. I know what I am, but what I am cannot be articulated into the symbols that we call language.

If you want to know what I am, spend time with me. Watch my courses, and when you get to the point in which you know what I am without the use of your language, then you also know what I am.

Friedrich Nietzsche also used this methodology to record his thoughts on paper, however, and ultimately write his books. A camera, however, has the advantage because it can also record my demeanor and my emotional expressions attached to the ideas. Not only that, it can also record the environments in which the idea is manifested and give perspective on the content in which it's being expressed. For example, Mexico. For example, walking up these stairs, lots of stairs, to arrive at my flat.

This might give you perspective on my current situation. However, to comprehend my past situations, you would have to watch thousands of videos. Which means, take many courses.

Hmm, this is only with Zoolz Intelligent, which is a mobile application.

But, that's okay, because I'm almost done. Yeah, baby. It'll be easy to add to it. all of this may no longer be free but when people pay for something and it's only $25 then they are more likely to actually watch the videos and it being an educational course it would be greatly beneficial to them and they get a certificate of completion through udemy by doing so so that gives them motivation to do it and $25 per course is very inexpensive and it enables my videos to get watched by people that might actually watch and appreciate them so this is still open source meaning that if you would like to take footage of some of my content and then reply to it in your own films so we can utilize our public use of reason like Immanuel Kant suggested then you are more than capable and even encouraged to do so so if you have any different perspectives on my own my own philosophy my own comprehension of these subjects and how to practically implement them into not only ourselves but also all of society then go for it you are more than able to do that because I'm still classifying all of this as open source but you just have to pay Udemy to unlock that material and I allow Udemy all of the students on Udemy to download each file so if that's what your heart desires is to download this content so you have it for later then go ahead and do it I love you you have spent your time to get here and that means a lot to me so thank you very much for your support and I hope that I can not only teach you a lot but in the future when I show you what I'm talking about that you can teach me a lot as well thank you



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



23-Technomadology-Lecture-03-Lake-of-Tears

What is the angel sword? To find it, we must cry. Fly in very dangerous territory and defeat many of demons. Tick! Tick! Tick!

My mother played a part in breaking me and my ex-wife up And she played a part in breaking me and my last girlfriend up. So that's two out of two relationships that I've had in my life. And she played a part in breaking up both of them.

I paid it.

A brother.

Friends and family rejected me a very long time ago. And I tried to fix it, but it failed. And maybe it was not the brightest of me to try to fix something that was so broken.

I've always tried my best to be kind, loving, caring, but I'm full of philosophy and philosophy travels around with me no matter what. I like to smoke pot and that's not a bad thing. I'm not doing anything wrong and I'm not hurting anybody. And I use it for spiritual reasons because when I smoke pot, then I, well, first before I smoke pot, I pray it to God and ask for insight. And I use it while studying.

but that's why they rejected me this time previously it was because I was crazy but I've never hurt any one of them and I've always tried to do the right thing by them and and show love and that's what happened with my ex-wife too that's what happened my ex-girlfriend but ultimately they're all toxic relationships and I don't want to have to endure a toxic relationship. I want to be loved and to love because it's because I want to, not because of a bunch of stipulations that require me to be a certain way in order to receive that love. That's not unconditional love. It's very difficult to find in this world. I have a few teacher friends here in Mexico, and I have a best

friend in Perth. I have some other friends that are around that sometimes I can talk to. Not around in my physical proximity, but on the internet I can sometimes have a chat with them and that's always good and my best friend's really good my best friend's his name's simon he's a little strange i think you heard him on the recording earlier in the last episode but he's he he loves me unconditionally and whenever i do philosophy stuff he just it's like a crazy window now let's do this like it's it's fun for him so it's strange to see how uh someone like him can give unconditional love but but doesn't like philosophy doesn't want anything to do with philosophy however my parents and my brothers and sisters most of them they hate philosophy and want to cut off ties with me because of philosophy and it's difficult though because i don't have a home i mean home is where the heart is so i guess right now my home is here but It's going to be somewhere else, and then it's going to be somewhere else, and then it's going to be somewhere else. I don't have a place that I'm situated, that I'm settled, because I don't have any reasons to put any roots anywhere, so it makes it really difficult.

And I don't speak Spanish here, so it's pretty difficult to communicate with people, because there are not very many Mexicans that speak English. so it's a struggle for me but it doesn't matter wherever I go this always happens and it upsets me because I don't like getting rejected it hurts even when it's a 13 year old boy that out of the blue says he's going to block me with refusing to tell me why it doesn't matter he just added me like a few weeks ago and he says random stuff to me and I'm like okay but but still like why do people do this or maybe why do I care that people do this maybe there's my problem people will be who they are and by me wanting them to act differently even if they are acting out of ignorance and hate and misunderstanding of the topic in which they are struggling with in their own virtual reality it still hurts and I accept that and see like the last breakup was really hard because I was continuing to be kind she left me and I was continuing to be kind to her and she would just be really really hurtful to me and sometimes I wanted to say mean things back but I had to like let the water drip down my skin you can understand that analogy you had to let it brush off me like when she says hurtful things that aren't true at all like I'm a thief okay I ended up with hdmi cable somehow oops um kitchen stuff no everything um with the kitchen was purchased by me she spent so much of my money i could never save any money because every time she would come over we would go shopping and that would be me buying it but i don't i'm not trying to defend myself that's the whole thing is like if you try to defend yourself when someone's attacking you then they're going to feel justified in continuing to attack you and maybe they get maybe she got weird because I wasn't I wasn't utilizing her hurtful approach maybe she wanted reasons to to hate me and by her hostility maybe she thought she could incite hostility into me which almost worked but I didn't let it. I am who I am and I try my best to be a good person and I try my best to do this and save the world. I try my best to think critically about ethical issues that affect us all and I try my best to figure out ways to utilize technology so we can become closer in our communities and if that's not good enough then I'm not sure what else that I can do but it's a lonely road I had to learn how to disconnect from having any roots anywhere and I feel and it really hurts it really hurts to to not feel like you belong anywhere I feel like an alien no matter what country I go into and and I don't really relate with the people like I can understand what they do and why they do it, but I don't see anyone spending their lives to try to figure out difficult problems and try to make the world a better place. We're all so selfish, and

it hurts me, and I just want other people who feel similar ways to connect with, and no matter where I go or what I do in this world, no matter how many videos I make, I can't find anybody like that. Don't get me wrong, I find really good-hearted people everywhere that I go. I find really loving people, but they're not my people because my people are doing this with their lives and dedicated to it. And I think that the economies have really distorted the possibilities in which people can exist as because they won't.

commit themselves to to alternative methods of making a living or they have to conform to the to the superstructures and which have been erected and yes see I have to do that to some degree because now I have to be an English teacher so I have to teach English and I have these schedules and I have papers to grade and have lesson plans to make all the time so I have to live in that world and then outside of that world is what I'm doing here but this is the main thing that I'm doing this is my vocation and that is just to get my vocation through I don't know where all this is going to go because I got like 2,000 hours of video footage and probably like only 1200 hours of that or so can I can actually use maybe I can make a living on Udemy eventually but but that's not what I'm after either I'm after the right girl to do this with me and and it's like people think I'm crazy for wanting a girl in my field who would interested in doing this I don't know what to say like I'm not unhappy in life I'm happy I'm a really happy person I just feel alone because it's difficult to connect with people and and I can't trust people either because they they always show me that I can't trust them because they'll be one way one second and then decide to just remove me from their life the next. And my mother, I removed her because that was the second time she intervened in my affairs and caused a breakup. I didn't do it because I hold hostility to her or I'm angry at her. I did it because if I get another relationship, she's going to do the same thing.

Like, two times in a row, my only two relationships, the next one, how can I trust her to not attempt to destroy that, too? So, it was the right move, and every time I think it over again, it was the right move, because otherwise I would always have that over my head if I ever found someone else that was right for me. Well, I'm not upset, I'm not sad, I'm just disheartened with this task, this enormous task of trying to find a girl to do this with me. And it chips away at me sometimes because I just look over all this stuff like people rejecting me and events in my life that cause me some sort of emotional pain.

and and the more it happens the more that I am able to not care about it and I can't cry in this the thing is like there's been hours of footage in in all of this footage you know in all of my past footage where I've cried and I cried and I cried about a lot of different subjects hours more like probably like 10 hours of me crying spread out throughout all my productions and I don't have that in me anymore because I got it all out and and I figured out how to to look at it to see it in a way that's not going to put my happiness into the hands of other people who shouldn't be holding that happiness anyway so i said you need to cry in order to sharpen your sword and that's very very true but i've gone through all that i don't need to repeat that this started out as something for me to i mean this scene started out as something for me to talk about some of the events in my life and then cry and that would make me you know stronger for the camera and I could overcome the problems like you know character development from like a TV show I mean this is kind of a TV show this is like an educational TV show but there comes a point once you learn how to view things without identifying yourself in them we shouldn't rely on anyone else to make us happy I used to want to make a girl happy and I realized that I can't do that. I learned that from my last relationship because the only person that can make them happy is themselves and they can make themselves happy and be happy with me for our lives together or they can make themselves unhappy and usually what happens is whenever they do that then they blame other people for causing them that unhappiness and and that's not the case because no matter what anyone outside of me does even if it's tied up in family names and uh DNA it has no effect on me as an individual and because because what they do in their own the way they see things is their own perspective. They can't see things outside of their perspective and their comprehension. And they're going to continue to be ignorant unless they make that choice to break out of that ignorance. And I shouldn't have to force that choice on them or

I can't. There's no way I can. Just like there's no way I can make another happy, I can enable all the conditions um in order for them to be happy so i can make sure they have a stable home and i can make sure i'm talking like if they're in my if they're in my life talking about a woman i guess okay let's talk about a woman okay so what could i do for a woman i could enable the conditions necessary to make her happy which would be giving her a home some stability love and friendship and to a large degree protection I could give my life to them I can give them all the abilities in which I possess and strengthen their arsenal in life what I can't do is make a frown be a smile when when their own virtual reality is is focused so much on negativity so I can't make someone happy I can just be there for someone and I can try my best to enable the conditions necessary for them to be happy and and the thing is is like I've learned a lot from the last relationship I don't want to be with someone who is unhappy and because then that will chip away at me and do damage to me so why Why would I choose to be with someone that can't even make themselves happy? At least, you know, a lot of the time, I'm happy like almost all the time.

Even when bad stuff happens, I like usually have a grin or something like that. And if someone else doesn't possess the ability yet to be able to do that, then it's most likely that they're going to do damage in their relationships so it's probably best for us to condition our hearts in order to to make ourselves happy instead of pushing that onto someone else yes um so happiness is very very fleeting you can't grab happiness however joy is something that is with you whether you're sad or you're happy and joy gives you a wise perspective on life so being happy is something that's going to be in your hands and then not and then it's going to it's not going to be something you can count on So being happy is like going out to a theme park and you're happy on a roller coaster and then you're not later on. And happiness shouldn't be our objective in life because if we work on being full of joy, then that happiness will be most intense and consistent because the foundations in which it's laid upon are appropriate to encourage So we need to think about some of the words and how we interpret these words because a lot of times they cause us harm. And the sword, so let's talk about the sword. What is the sword?

I hope you could have at least thought of some ideas about it because I've been referring to it for the past two lectures. But this right here that's pointed right at me is a sword and my mobile phone is also a sword. So those are my two weapons and I use them together to create a very unique and interesting combat style that not only helps me because I'm going to have to watch this work, I'm going to have to produce it and I'm going to have to watch it and then I have to release it and then I'll watch it again and then later on, maybe a month later I'll watch it again and then like maybe a few years later I'll watch it again. So what is recording here, this red light on this camera, is going to have many life cycles.

And yeah, that's a way that I can talk to myself. It's a very efficient method to develop your ideas in a fashion that you're building off the past thoughts. so I recommend this style of not only educating others but also educating yourself and if you make it funny too then it's something that that will make you feel good about yourself when you watch it and especially if you're talking about wisdom and you're talking about good things then it will strengthen those ideas because you're going to watch it again and again this ideas will get strengthened but the thing is they'll keep in your mind too so later on you can then piggyback off those or like build upon solid foundations and like with any well-crafted sword it is a blade and by you making more content by you watching the content you're you are sharpening that blade and I look for a quote but I couldn't find one but maybe I don't I don't think I made it up but maybe I did but philosophy is an ever sharpening blade and if you utilize philosophy including other fields of your life and you're most interested in and put it all together then you can make some amazing productions that will stick around and make you feel and comprehend and think about things that you would have never thought possible from you and it will make you a better speaker it will make you present yourself better it will it'll make you a better writer it'll make you better at film and conveying meaning and little artistic approaches which you can use to start and end a shot if you want to use special effects or something like that I don't I don't think they're really needed because you can have special effects in other ways like project notebook ended with fireworks and like a lot of my courses have so that was pretty cool and the end of the day it's an education platform but I think what we've done in society that's wrong is we've divided our education and our entertainment fields they're two different things so we're not educating ourselves with entertainment so if you want to be entertained, you watch stuff that makes your mind switch off, and if you want to be educated, you're like, oh, I've got to do this work, I've got to do this, I've got to study here, like, we divided, you know, work and play, too, we divided work and relationships, we divide everything, because that's what we do, is we categorize everything, thanks to aristotle's categories we're now uh we're now saying these are this and these are this and so we use some abstract concept to understand all of it but but by doing that this is this and this is this and these two are now separated uh so that's not really doing our psychology any good um i think at the end of the day though um with love coming back to what i was saying before and not just romantic love but also family and friends is that they need to accept you entirely if they're going to be good for you. If they are putting conditions onto their acceptance then you are receiving conditional love from them and you want to then be that person who they want you to be because that's what's that's the way the only way to keep them around and I can't do that I have to be who I am and I knew that before but then I got really lonely and and and came back to them and they didn't change but and I wasn't trying to change them I was just well I guess I mean I wanted them to accept me and they didn't want to accept me so maybe that was a little bit me trying to change them which which is wrong I can't if someone's not wanting to change if someone's not in the correct state of mind to be able to make changes in their life then they're not going to change so I can provide them opportunities to learn about different perspectives and hopefully they would grow as individuals from that but they if their mind isn't fertile for the seeds to to sprout then they're not going to be receptive to it and i shouldn't have to push it on them and no one should have to push something like that on anybody i think there's a point where we need to let go um and i'm doing that this time but i'm doing this from a much more mature state of mind because before I was really hurt I was really really hurt and let's go back to crying because I don't think it's a bad thing to cry in your films if it helps you get through something or if you want that information there later because when you cry about something it's on camera it's extremely powerful and it will make you remember how you felt you won't be there's no way that you'll get rid of those those feelings you captured something in time and and it's beautiful even if some of even if some of the reasons for that crying was a lack of maturity, doing that will mature you.

If you want to watch me cry, I've got lots of videos about it, nothing released yet, but in the future there will be some courses where you can see me cry from the past. But maybe you'll see me cry in some of my future stuff too, if it's appropriate, it, and if I feel it, and if I'm passionate about the reasons behind that, then I'm going to cry on camera, because that will create, like, a mark in my work, which I can then come back to, to review, to feel all those feelings again that I felt, and now, a lot times i like if i look back on my work i go wow i understood what i felt right so i go well maybe i wasn't thinking right because i was taking these things personally and i shouldn't be taking anything anyone says personally or even anything that i say to myself if i'm thinking something i shouldn't be taking that personally because it it has nothing to do if you take it personally you're identifying with it which means you've accepted it which means you have an agreement to say, yes, this is how I see, and if I feel bad about it, then there's an agreement there that's, see, crying is good, because it'll let you notice all the agreements that you've made. Why do you feel bad? What's the reason?

Okay, so find out the reasons. Go ahead, cry on camera. You'll find the reasons. And then pull back those reasons and go, what agreements did I have in my head?

What was I taking personally in order to make that information affect me so negatively? Why did it make me cry? And that's a big thing with socialization, because we're told that this is bad, and this is bad, and this is bad, and this is good, and this is good, and this is good. and you have to do all the stuff that is good and other stuff that's bad, like a kind of domestication that not only our parents and our teachers push on us, but also what we push on ourself, because eventually once we get domesticated to a certain point, we start self-domesticating.

Some of these ideas are Don Miguel Rees, so if you want to look him up, he's written quite a few awesome books, And he's Toltec philosophy. I really recommend it. It's a really good philosophy. So we should start thinking about how we take things personally. Should I be sad that really I'm kind of alone in this world?

Why? There's the agreement. Okay, so let's use that. Okay, so my agreement is that I shouldn't be alone in this world. So there's like, okay, I'm saying I shouldn't be alone in this world. So I'm going to make it sad because I'm alone in this world and it shouldn't be like that.

So you're saying there's something that's there that you have no control of, and you're saying that it's not right. You shouldn't have to be in that situation, which maybe I shouldn't have to be. Maybe society should structure itself so people aren't in those situations, but that's not how the reality is. So I'm rejecting reality, and that's making me suffer.

so i would want to logically go well i should just accept this like okay um i'm alone in this world so uh that's okay that's okay what does it matter like who really cares i'm doing a pretty cool life like i if i didn't experience these things then i wouldn't have become the person that i am today And if I wasn't the person I was today, then I would think I was boring. I don't want to live like everybody else. I'm a philosopher. By doing that, it's like going against myself.

And that's what sinning is. Sinning is going against yourself. And there's a lot of times that I sinned, went against myself for other people because their conditions required me to do that and for some reason I thought I had no option because I would reap those consequences but sometimes it's better just to reap those consequences and then move past those consequences Okay, so I'm going to finish it off though with pot though I don't have any way to get pot here in Mexico which is annoying, I would if I could which is even more annoying because my father's like, did you? and it's like, well I have no way to get it but I definitely would if I could get it. Um, but it's a plant. Like, okay, so let's go back to Don Miguel Ruiz. In his book, he goes, uh, okay, so we create, like, superstitions about things. So he used the example as a chair. So, like, we've got a chair here, and there's nothing connected to this chair. It's just a chair, right?

However, if we, let's say someone fell down in that chair, then we start to make, oh, well, we've got some history now. So then later on another person falls down from the chair and you're like, hmm, like maybe it's the chair. So then we start to put these superstitions on the chair that like the chair, some people might say the chair is possessed. other people be like that that chair's evil or or that chair's no good or something like that like there's something beyond they're like putting kind of their emotions into the chair and then and then the chair gets banned and they throw it away or something or maybe like you can no longer sit on the chair or or it's it's now in people are breaking that maybe we can make it legal for other people to sit on the chair this goes on like with pot is that chair this is a plant guys this is something that comes from the ground has been proven medicinally beneficial not only in medicinal purposes, but also recreational. I think that recreational purposes, if used correctly,

are medicinal as well. And this is like a beautiful herb. This is God's beautiful creation that God gave us to help us with this weird thing we call life. And then we put all these like stereotypes behind it and and then we create this you know like a church you know we create a church behind backing up and enforcing those beliefs so it's about then identifying so then you're identifying feelings in the chair you're identifying feelings in in the herb you're identifying feelings in the church. So through this process of identifying oneself with external

phenomena, then causes us to be hurt when something obstructs that. So if someone then sits in the chair, oh no how dare you sit in the chair, oh no how dare you, oh no you heretic. So then we are offended and then we have to kind of fight for our reasonings about, because we're attached with it. It doesn't matter whether we say it's good or bad, it's attached to us, right? That chair, if the chair is the devil, it's attached to

us. If the chair is God, it's attached to us. No other, either way you look at it, it's still an attachment, and by that being attached, we then identify our own selves, who we think we are, into that object, but this can continue, this can manifest in other ways, we could identify with our bodies, and this vessel that you see in front of you that is trying convey meaning utilizing the vessel if we look into the mirror and say look that's me like I'm beautiful and and then when you get older you go really because you've identified with that body being you now that the body is deteriorating then you become unhappy so it's that attachment process that then gives us our sense of identity when our identity in an actual fact is behind not only our minds but the phenomenon of outside and inside so me watching myself is me so the me is like back here and which can't be pinned down to anything or anywhere which has no identification at all if you say that your favorite food is is eggs and you eat eggs all the time right you've identified with that food I'm not saying you shouldn't say oh I love eggs or or even if you say my favorite is this but if you get to the point where it's taken away from you and then you suffer, then you have personalized yourself into that external in which it has no ability to be able to always remain as a constant. So disidentifying ourselves with really everything is the way in order to live a happy life.

Because you can be put under extreme duress and smile and you can have terrible, terrible, like see there is a value judgment. I'm saying something's terrible. I'm putting feelings into that something when the fact is that there's nothing there. it's just in my imagination. So those value judgments of this is what's better than this is what ultimately is holding us back.

Friedrich Nietzsche wrote a whole book about it called Beyond Good and Evil and his famous statement, God is dead, which is really misinterpreted. It's just saying that we no longer have religion to tell us what's right and wrong. So now where is our moral framework going to come from? And Beyond Good and Evil explores how right and wrong is a human-made construct. And to make a relative perspective into an absolute is then going to cause that identification with it, whether you identify with science or you identify with arts or anything else.

See, that's why I love philosophy, because philosophy stands back and looks and uses everything. So, I can use science as much as I want. And I love science, but the fact of the matter is it's a tool for me to use. And philosophers get the ability to use all of the epistemological tools without excluding any of them.

So, sorry for my rant. it's good information though and I'm going to love watching it later because then later I can then build upon these thoughts and then create even more meaningful and sophisticated information for you to discover and digest and that's why this is such a sustainable field because I can just do this for the rest of my life and and I can just create course after course after course after course because all of this knowledge is just going to keep on building and building and building and the meaning of life was the foundations that it all started a little boring at some parts however it was what built how I decided to utilize this platform in order to educate myself and as a result, educate anybody who's interested. Yes, I went on for a long time. I think I'll make that the end of the lecture then. Thank you so much for your time and if you paid for this, thank you

very much. It'll help me get a meal or two into me. So I really appreciate everything that you've done. I hope you're liking the course. I've got another, I've got my reflected life that's out

now um and and project notebook will be coming out before i finish this so by the time you get this project notebook will be out and then i have to decide what course i'm going to release after that what's going to be this one techno uh technomatology that's a pretty cool name i think um but uh and then after that i got like lots more courses which you'll see what i'm talking about but I hope you enjoyed and I hope you stay safe and I hope you took something from this lecture that you can then take away and then contemplate over. Thank you very much for your time. I will see you next lecture.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



23-Technomadology-Lecture-04-The-Soul-Mate

The Abysmal Search, The Soulmate, October 2011, Deny Me and Be Doomed, Hedwig and the Angry Inch.

Society's Mistake Looking for another to share your life with has become a taboo topic in society, especially within professional structures such as workplaces and institutions. Even in social situations, people tend to roll their eyes when speaking of such subjects. The dating scene has become something extra in life, utilized for enjoyment. The only two people that seem to find it important are the parties involved.

parties involved. However, I believe this practice to be an error, for the person that we are to spend the rest of our days with is in fact the most important thing in life. It will alter our life in such a dramatic way, for good and for bad. The most important subject in your life right now and every following second experienced is the people that are around you.

To disagree would be to lose sight of one's life. People are the backbone of people. We are social creatures and all desire to love and be loved. To downplay the seriousness of the search for another is absurd.

The cliché dating scene is then brought back into perspective, the most important thing you can do in your life. To have another to stand beside you who cares about your interests gives you the strength of ten individual people. Two individuals working together for a common purpose dramatically changes everything about your situation. To find the One becomes the thing in life that brings about all things.

For in finding that One, the flower opens. One purposes unite and we are not only no longer alone, but have an extra perspective as well as a set of hands. We become more when our soulmate is found. We transcend ourselves and become something much more.

The importance of this topic is taken out of its box and shown for what it is, the most important thing in your life. For when two are united one, all consequent seconds of your life are forever altered. Its Greek Origins In the Symposium by Plato, Aristophanes mythologically related the conception of love by telling a parable. In a world where the human was united both physically, emotionally, and spiritually, A being that possessed four arms and four legs, connected back to back with their other.

Humankind became godlike, having always have had their other with them. The gods became cautious of their potential and agreed that they needed to do something about it. Zeus made a decision to split them in half with his lightning, like splitting a poached egg in half with a strand of hair, parting its pieces into two different locations. Their intentions accomplished, for now that we have been split, we have lost our power.

To work with another harmoniously has become a fictional tale. It is what everyone desires, but has given up. Our society then pressures us to share its own priorities, suppressing our ideals to search for that true love. Instead, we are sucked into the capitalistic economy and play out jobs, prioritizing career, all the while forgetting life's true importance.

To make up for the sorrow in our hearts, we settle. We make compromises against the self in order to obtain company. We fill the abysmal void of our search with career and family, all the while forgetting or trying to forget, the ideal life. That life that we truly desire now becomes the life that only took what it could get without disturbing its social responsibilities.

Reproduction then creates the mediocre, and the divinity of what could have been is lost. The social inference of how to live life dominates, and creation becomes that of economic considerations. We act as sheep following the shepherds, called the ways of society. Herd mentality follows the pointing fingers of whoever is in front of it.

What to search for We are beings of biology. We are not given an instruction manual on how to live life. The question of what to look for to the soulmate lies within. One first needs to turn within before turning outside.

To learn who it is that you are will give you an understanding of what you are looking for in another. To compromise is to go against the grain of who you are as a person. To trick yourself into believing that someone is your soul mate is the folly of so many of us. We are all on a journey, whether we realize it or not.

To prematurely advance that journey will have its consequences. For it is courage that you need. Courage to stand through the trials and tribulations of loneliness and alienation, all the while observing the bigger picture. For it is the best possible life that you desire for yourself.

To be beyond happy. To stand side by side with the one who is truly meant for you. both armor up and battle each human condition in unison. The Lonely Journey.

This idea feels uneasy to us. One might feel as if they are in a state of constant limbo. One's compatibility will be shown for what it is, and person after person will enter and leave their lives. Like seeing an enormous crowd and shaking one's head at all.

will feel like what you desire is not out there, for it is an abyss. Life becomes a constant struggle directed towards finding something that appears to be nowhere. But one must realize what is at stake. For Arendt explains it well when she says, It would be better for me that my lyre or chorus I directed should be out of tune and loud with discord, and that multitudes of men should disagree with me rather than I, being one, should be out of harmony with myself and contradict me.

The Life of Mind. Page 181. Our very being is on the line, and it is us that must suffer the consequences to our actions. Faith as Possibility. It becomes extremely tempting to give up this

manhunt. When faced with the dark abyss of our odds, to continue the pursuit seems pointless, but if we give up, then what do our odds become? I have been told many times before to stop looking and the right person will come to me. I have thought about this statement a great deal and disagree with it. I guess that I could stop looking and the right person may come along and find me,

But the chances of that are extremely slim. However, if I did not stop looking, then I would still probably meet this person. If this one individual out there is looking as well, then our chances of finding each other increase. And I pray that this is the case.

I hope that this one has not compromised and just obtained a someone. And I have faith that this is the case, because I look around me and I have insight into that other, like custom-fit armor that has been tailored exactly to your body. For in faith we bring possibilities. In spite of the absurd backfiring again and again, our hopes must not dwindle, otherwise so do our possibilities.

For when we act, we make tiny imprints on the universe. We leave breadcrumbs specifically tailored for that other to find us. By exercising our own faith in all of its absurdity, we are directly and indirectly assisting our search for that special one that is out there. By putting ourselves out there again and again, our presence expands, and we become more findable to that one, the road.

For it is about the journey. We must walk the walk. We are only ever given this moment, and this moment, and this moment. For it is this moment that we have and we must make use of.

Along the way we will meet many interesting and wonderful people, many boring people, and many hurtful people. The lessons along the road will tell us where we should go and how we should be. In this journey, we will find ourselves and become what we are. The path will give us insight into how we are to love all whom we encounter.

It will show us how to treat each other and ourselves. To take each encounter as a wonderful gift that life has given to us is its results. We will learn how to appreciate people for what they give and who they are, and learn from them along the way. We will change the hearts of many and share our life lessons to those who have ears to hear.

Discipleship destined to be homeless traveling from one place to another becomes tolerable to exist as a wandering traveler searching for what is not seen it was jesus that said foxes have holes and birds of the air have nests but the son of man has no place to lay his head matthew eight twenty new international version one might inquire as to why i brought religion into it but i did not it was already there we become warriors searching for the greatest love possible our search is a search for god it is a search for the divinity of man to combine two of the like as one to follow one's heart into the thick and thin is discipleship thus our journey is not a search for the one but a search for the divine with its intended result being one's soulmate it is a holy journey that chases what is not seen and that requires faith from the disciple

growth as a tool. And what are we to do with our time during this search? That one out there is someone incredibly special. In fact, the most special person in the world. Self-development

becomes our objective, not only for ourselves, but for that other. For when you finally do meet that other and give yourself over to them, you will be giving them a refined item. It is to give the other the best you that you are able to give. The treasure of yourself, the self that you have built, becomes the most important gift that you could ever give. We make who we are in each now

moment and it is these now moments that must be utilized to achieve this refinement. It is the most special gift ever given for it took your entire life to develop. It was built for that other and will mean the world to them for it is a result of the search. The Philosopher. Each

becomes a philosopher, searching for wisdom, learning how to live the best life possible. The experiences that the world has gifted teach many lessons, and one learns well the differences between right and wrong. For along the road, one will see many hardships, both within social hardships, families observed, and within the self. One will acquire the skills that they need to learn how to do the right thing in a diverse range of scenarios.

One will be truly living life, refusing for it to live them. Society will act as an enemy, and at seemingly every direction one goes, society will stand there shaking their heads. For its rules have been erased and replaced with your own. For the seeker truly knows the follies of society. It is for this reason that they will be able to help humanity more than anyone

else. Purity as Proof To demonstrate the seriousness of your dedication to the other, one can choose the life of purity. To remove the possibilities of getting caught up with what one doesn't need, sexual abstinence offers a solution. It is in the material that we get lost and lose perspective.

To have control over that physical shows great passion and respect for the seriousness of the search and our ability to overcome our own urges. To rid oneself of the list that is made from sexual partner to sexual partner and not fret over the emotional attachments created as a result of those consequences. To live in purity becomes easy when the entire picture is seen in perspective, every moment we are building towards some end or another. To build upon solid foundations with quality material is the best way to start a new relationship with that one when you find them, for they will be extremely appreciative for all your efforts to save yourself for specifically them.

The gift of one's physical self will be seen as the greatest present to begin that divine relationship. What of failure? What if the pursuer fails? This is the risk that they take.

To strive for such an enormous task carries the possibility of failure, but let us look at it in perspective with the assumption of failure. To live this life is to live the best life that is possible. One will have acquired connections and friends wherever they have gone. One will be the best person that they can be and have led the best life that they could have lived, dedicated to the pursuit of their highest good.

And how can you know unless you have tried? The possibilities do not arise unless they are strived for. I will not get fed unless food is acquired. The chances to become an actor do not manifest themselves until one acts.

We do not live in a world where people stumble upon opportunities all of the time, no matter how much movies or television shows tell us that we do. To see a return, one must enter. Our possibilities must be created, the result, the product of a lifetime. And when we find that one, our world changes.

Two individuals with a similar purpose who would love to expand upon their own purposes by acquiring the passions that the other has, that they do not yet possess. hands, two voices, and two well-trained and conditioned minds who can take on the world together, not only loving each other, but also the world and the people in it, the best that they possibly can, who not only put up with each other, but immerse themselves into the passion of each other. No longer confined by the limits that society places upon them, They are able to share a single life together. Vocation becomes their most passionate desires, and both are involved.

Business as usual no longer confines them because they understand true value. Their lives will revolve around passion, compassion, self-improvement, and each other. Each will have a burning desire to show their lover how special they are, and will wish to make them as joyful as possible, while also encouraging equality and autonomy. For this is the divine result of the search, to be able to utilize two sets of hands in the poker game called life.

Philosophy means nothing without the life backing up that meaning. This is the destiny for seekers.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



23-Technomadology-Lecture-05-The-Shape-of-Water

it is all sized properly if you are consistently or at least predominantly present in your relationship this will be the greatest challenge for your partner They will not be able to tolerate your presence for very long and stay unconscious. If they are ready, they will walk through the door that you open for them and join you in that state. If they are not, you will separate like oil and water. the light is too painful for someone who wants to remain in darkness so I have this article the abysmal search the soulmate October 2011 deny me and be doomed okay so I take it and go to the menu come on okay so I go here and then Then I go video, and I use this video conversion software, and I go boom, with the wand, kaboom, kaboom, kaboom, mp4, video settings here, I change that to 720, oops, not 960, 720, 720, okay, and that's fine.

Um, it says it's slow, best quality, I don't really need that, um, no, no, I want to keep it because all my videos are in that, uh, H264 Kodak, and then, yeah. So, we have it here, and if you look, the resolution is 720 by 960, so it didn't keep the 16 by 9 aspect ratio so this gives me a chance to show you something else if we just go into power director right here power director and then we go new and see 16 by 9 aspect ratio which is what we want and then we go into here and then we have this one and we click that and click there you see it plops it right there so then we just go back and go back and go back back and we have it right there we go here and we go produce video we go to this one and we only wanted HD so that's the minimum that Udemy will allow is HD. So we go produce. And there you go.

Unable to perceive the shape of you, I find you all around me. Your presence fills my eyes with your love. It humbles my heart. For you, dear girl, are are everywhere lifetime subscription my beautiful pandora another story is that pandora was sent in good faith by jupiter to bless man that she was furnished with a box containing her marriage presence into which every god had put some blessing she opened the box incautiously and the blessings all escaped hope only accepted this story seems more probable than the former for how could hope so precious a jewel as it is have been kept in a jar full of all manner of evils as in the former statement.

Would Jove appoint some flower to reign in matchless beauty on the plain? The rose, mankind will all agree, the rose, the queen of flowers should be, the pride of plants, the grace of bowers, The blush of meads, the eyes of flowers Its beauties charm the gods above Its fragrance is the breath of love Its foliage wantons in the air Luxuriant like the flowing hair It shines in blooming splendor gay Why zephyrs on its bosom play Divine tragedy transfigures our modern day world Into that of gods, goddesses, heroes, and heroines The films adapt the original messages To be receptively understood within our current cultural practices The objective of Divine Tragedy is to pass on living mythology to our current and future generations. When we pass along stories that help us become better human beings, we integrate wisdom into our society. Divine Tragedy is the modern day bard.

okay so this one did what we wanted it to do so we have the correct resolution now and we go back let's just test it out yeah the abysmal search good job the soulmate so I'm just going to upload it here I'm not sure which one it is it must have just that one because I just worked on that one it's annoying how I can't see file names but that's alright it's definitely not when I said I'm just gonna upload there we go that's it so we just go to the bulk uploader and then we go Dropbox and then we have in here somewhere there it is it's really difficult sometimes looking at the screen okay so we have three and we have four and that's what we want when you do a lot of work over a long period of time it's really easy to recycle old content. If timed correctly, this can be really powerful.

Let's revisit these agreements in which we make with both ourselves and others in which we introduced in Lake of Tears. Both of my exes left me because of their agreements in which they made and were trying to push on me and not because of anything in which I personally inflicted upon them. It was not about actions that I took, but about who I was. They took it personally because they identified themselves within their own agreements. And if those agreements are not all shared

with your partner, then that was an attack on them because those agreements were part of them because they identified themselves within those agreements. Most of the time, they argue over value judgments, what is good and what is bad, and me not sharing the collective understandings of these agreements. Because of that, I become the villain. I think it's better to have my lyre or a chorus that I might lead out of tune and dissonant and have the vast majority of men disagree with me and contradict me than to be out of harmony with myself to contradict myself though I'm only one person what does it profit them who gain the entire world but lose or forfeit themselves Jesus said that we set sail always remembering our destination neither by ship nor on foot would you find the marvelous road to the assembly of the hyperboreans never the muse is absent from their ways liars clash and flutes cry and everywhere made in choruses whirling neither disease nor bitter old age is mixed in their sacred blood far from labor and battle they live an error in judgment is identification literally interpreted as sin from its Greek origins being to miss the mark identifying with something which is not literally within yourself is missing the mark what is yourself is it your body your mind your thoughts your actions no right here it is your awareness in which observes these things let's use deductive reasoning to get closer to this mysterious eye the eye cannot be something in which is not permanent because then the eye would be something different at every stage which then we couldn't track back what the eye is at all the easy parts first can I be considered my body can I imagine myself with another body? Could I still be me and not possess this body? I can imagine myself as another

body and still be myself. The same applies to my mind. Maybe who I am directs my mind towards a certain line of thought a certain position however that can't be stated as me since the mind is a mere tool my mind isn't who I am does this place in which I live constitute who I am can I consider myself living in another place and still being me am I only who I am because of my phone could I conceive of being myself without a phone? Does this make me who I am? Is what people think

about me or what they say to me or what they say about me behind my back who I am? Does that constitute me? Would those opinions be the same for everyone? Does everyone think I'm the same way that I am? Can that hold up if I move to a

different place. Are people not going to think me differently depending on how the eye expresses itself and the values and norms? What about if someone insults me? Is there insults who I am? Are my possessions who I am? Are having friends

in family who I am? What about a lover? Is my faith who I am? Is being smart who I am?

What about stupid? A categorical mistake is a semantic and ontological error in which things belonging to a particular category are presented as if they belong to a different category. Or alternatively, a property is ascribed to a thing that could not possibly have that property. To show that a categorical mistake has been committed, one must typically show that once the phenomenon in question is properly understood, it becomes clear that the claim being made about it could not possibly be true.

This is empiricism, which is science. So the way it functions is that we use our senses, in this case our visual perception, to look at the tree. So we look at the tree and examine the properties of the tree, and we create what that tree is through our imagination. So we have an image of what the tree is that we then observe through our senses.

So we come to see this tree as this instead of this, because there's no way we can get beyond our senses. senses tells us the data in the world so we create an imaginary tree from viewing the tree someone gets angry at us and says hurtful words so we then assume that they see us in an incorrect manner and take offense to their hurtful words So we utilize our senses from receiving that data, and then we have an imaginary picture of what it is that that person thinks, and if it conflicts with our own personal agreements, then we are insulted. If we do agree, then we accept it, and then that becomes the truth, because it's now agreed upon, which is what a lot of people in this world, what almost everybody in this world does, is they'll push their own agreements on other people, because other people have to have the same values in which they hold. That is why Don Miguel Rees suggests that we should not take anything personally, because if we take them personally, we are either one, agreeing with their own agreements, or two, trying to change their agreements.

and if they have already made up their minds about those agreements then it is futile to even defend yourself against those accusations so it is better in this case to not defend yourself and just allow the person to think what they want to think and this puts you in a different situation because you're no longer offended by what they say and you can either choose to keep trying and hopefully they will see what you see or they'll probably end up leaving your life which that's not such a bad thing Rene Descartes was a brilliant individual who came up with this saying through his meditations kagito ergo some however he made a logical error for he inferred that thinking was him john paul sartre replied freedom is existence, and in it, existence precedes essence, thought. We are not our thoughts, and we are not our actions. If we make a mistake, then it is our obligation to learn from that mistake, And if we do learn from those mistakes, then we are perfect. As a result of being a perfect individual, we can never judge ourselves.

By removing one, other people's judgment on you, and two, your own judgment on yourself, how can you ever be unhappy? Do you want to know the truth? Do you want to know who I am? I will show you. Just ignore the physical body here and the surroundings.

It's your truth. Here's a hand. Look, it's moving. Oh my goodness, it's moving. Wow.

And look at that hand. It has the skill, the ability to zoom. Wow. and I can stand on two feet oh my goodness yes here we're getting so close to the truth what is it that drives this heart what is it that is behind me pushing me to move what is it that is driving me to keep pressing record on this camera wow truth love is truth some call it God. Others. Life. Where does it exist? Everywhere. In absolutely everything. But especially, my friend, in



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



23-Technomadology-Lecture-06-Choose-Your-Own-Adventure

Missed you, girl. I'm back now, though. How can I stop filming when everything around me is gorgeous?

I can't help filming beauty.

And when one has a superpower, how are they to use or abuse it? What is the story of a man?

I have given you an example that you should do as I have done to you.

The eye of God. God said, son, when you grow up, will you be the savior of the broken, the beaten, and the damned. There's no light on it, but they don't come with a light on them anymore. I searched around for ages. I made some mistakes in my past work, and that's the thing that sucks about doing

video like this is because you can't take them back, but if you just get through those errors and analyze the content and make the decisions for yourself because I'm not supposed to be making these decisions for you I'm just presenting the topics to you then you would have deeper insight into why and how I made those mistakes and then that would help you understand how this video recording system works that I'm presenting to you and I keep on doing the same work again and again and again but I can't help it because there's always so much to film and I'm trying my best to entertain as well which a lot of people who don't get through enough of my work to be able to understand my humor but I guess I don't really regret those mistakes but I am a fallible person I am NOT Jesus Christ like I said before but you gotta realize I said these things under certain conditions and if you don't understand the conditions behind what I was saying then you'll miss the whole the whole methodology that I'm trying to show you you hear of learning, which is by using a camera. The snake eats its tail. Present work designed to rectify errors within past work. From henceforth, let no man trouble me, for I bear in my body the marks of the Lord Jesus.

But rejoice insofar as you share Christ's sufferings, that you may also rejoice and be glad when his glory is revealed.

What is a documentary?

Life is full of adventures. Choose Your Own Adventure is a series of children's game books where each story is written from a second person point of view, with the reader assuming the role of the protagonist and making choices that determine the main character's actions and the plot's outcome. Plato's cave. I have sinned and fall short of the glory of God. Forgive me, Father. All good things

takes patience and perseverance. Tick. He that overcometh shall inherit all things, and I will be his God and he shall be my son how are we to protect our children my life as close as I want it's open now it is I can see his head his head is moving no it's not a duck it's not a duck it's an eagle no it's an eagle



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



23-Technomadology-Lecture-07-BlueBird

Look, for she is coming in the clouds, and every eye will see her, even those who pierced her. And on her account, all the tribes of the earth will well. So it is to be. Amen.

I do that all the time. My body is constantly changing, and therefore not me.

Am I not myself in my dreams? Because oftentimes in my dreams I do not possess this appearance.

We have been watching at a distance and have come to admire your humility and daily struggle against the ignorance of the unknowing masses. You possess the character necessary for the challenges ahead, but you must still prove yourself as the rightful heir in order to build a harmonious bridge between the forces of good and evil. During your trials, you will never be allowed to communicate with us, but we will be watching you very closely.

You will be monitored to ensure that you are adequately capable of both acts of kindness and cruelty. Show us your accomplishments and light the path for others by using 06162016 in the place where the blue bird lies. That is your first test. Post your symbol at 06162016 in the place where the blue bird.

Time is critical. As you know, the future approaches. First citizen. Not me. Here's your press.

Now get ready for this.

You say if you could fly, you'd never want to come back down. That you'd only have eyes for that blue, blue sky. I know that you have to learn just what real sadness is. And you are just grasping now the meaning of pain inside.

Even the feeling I have for you deep in my heart must be expressed in words that I can't find. As you awake from the deepest dream into this world you've never seen, I know you'll spread your wings and take off into the sky. You say if you could fly, you'd never want to come back down, that you'd only have eyes for that blue, blue sky. If you can make it through, I know you'll find what you're seeking Keep trying to break free to that blue, blue sky And with a sound in the long-time abandoned ruin The crystal panes between us, they fell away into dust That cage you once wore within is now gone to the past.

Not turning back, you walk away with me.

That throbbing beat so breathlessly calling you on to go and see. The window opens and you find that you are free. You say if you could run, you'd never stop till you found it. That you'd always move on following that clear distant song.

It grips you from afar, a shining hand of the future. You will pursue that dream to that clear blue sky. I understand that you have fallen in the dark, but still you will continue on to follow the light in your heart.

You say if you could fly, you'd never want to come back down, that you'd only have eyes for that blue, blue sky. If you can make it through, I know you'll find what you're seeking. Keep trying to break free to that blue, blue and clear sky.

I might not be Jesus, but I possess the spirit of Jesus. And who is my family? My true family. While I was still speaking to the crowds, my mother and my brothers were standing outside wanting to speak to me.

Someone told me, Look, your mother and brothers are standing outside, wanting to speak to you. But to the one who had told me this, I replied, Who is my mother? And who are my brothers? And pointing to my disciples, I said, Here are my mother and my brothers.

For whoever does the will of my Father in heaven is my brother and sister and mother.

That became that. There are no secrets. Every computer, phone, or communication tool is a device used to gather information about you. Electronics were proliferated for this very purpose.

Billions of terabytes of data are transmitted, reviewed, and stored in secure locations that cannot be. 83. ILLUM1NATIAAM. Destroyed by any threat other than a complete obliteration of this planet.

The trulys who build the wires, and the tunnels and towers that carry them control the energy and communication of everyone who walks above and below. Even your leaders are powerless when faced with those who own the wires that carry their commands. In a short time, your scientists will discover an energy source hidden in the air of your planet that has gone undetected for the entirety of your species. This discovery will send a timer 133.

I whom the nation, through societies that are built upon the need to survive. When energy and communication are easily available to all, and in a limited supply, the world can function without the need for one country to invade another simply to fill the needs of its people. Without the need for labor, humans will dedicate their minds to the collective advancement of their species. In a world with no scarcity of energy, food, water, or anything that a human requires to thrive, there will be no need for hoarding or stealing.

country lines, allegiances, and borders will become obsolete. The urge for war will be eradicated. Nothing that I was not aware of already. However, their book did present themselves as more moral than I originally thought. Just follow the

clues it's all set up for you Oh Illuminati please help me find my girl I know you know where she is please promise of wealth does little for me for I am already the richest man in the world Dear Venus, please give me one like my ivory, for she is my heart, and I will never be able to stop looking for her if you never give me the opportunity to find her. I have proven my worth to you for over ten years now, yet you have remained silent. Not entirely true. I have reached enlightenment through this process, but my God-given mission remains incomplete, For I am only half of the equation.

I know you know where she is or who she could possibly be. And what I have requested was never unreasonable.

I have never asked for money, fame, or power. For I am the richest man in the world.

All I have ever asked was for her, the beautiful girl who will help me make philosophy courses for the rest of our amazing lives. I have given so much to humanity, and I will never stop doing this.

For it is what I am built for.

Please connect us.

I heart you.

Isn't this fun? Do you like my story? Upon this eternal oath, I freely pledge to dedicate my mind to the discovery of knowledge. To dedicate my soul to the pursuit of enlightenment, to dedicate my efforts to the progress of abundance, to dedicate my existence to bringing all people in all places into unification, and to dedicate my life and days upon this planet to the protection and advancement of the human species.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



23-Technomadology-Lecture-08-The-White-Room

My problem with the Illuminati is that they created most of the conditions in which I have to fight against every day, namely that they dumbed down the population so much so I'm very isolated in this world. I have no one to connect with. I'm in my own mind. My family and friends often reject me because of my psychology, because of the person who I am, because I do this.

Their media makes you stupider if you don't have the eyes to see. They pass fact as fiction in order to cover up that fact just in case anyone decides to try and release it publicly. This makes it impossible for me to find a beautiful philosophy chick to do this with for the rest of my life. This means I have to search for girls that are about to enter university so I can try and convince them to study philosophy, but that even makes the whole situation worse because they were the ones that pushed the ideas, the age restriction ideas onto society about what a minor is.

This makes me a creepy guy because I'm going after young girls. because of course those young adults are too immature to make a decision like studying philosophy for the rest of their lives instead they should decide to study something like accounting or beauty therapy or even become a model That's a much better path in life than, you know, studying philosophy. The Illuminati cut off the path for me to be able to actualize my dream, no matter how hard I try. And I'm getting older, and soon I won't have any ability to do this.

And if that happens, then I'm coming after you, Illuminati. There are consequences to all of our actions. I know you never thought that someone like me could ever exist, but fuck you, here I am. The light will always shine in on the darkness.

Sorry to disrupt your master plan, but hey, I have a better one. They made people blind to what was right in front of them by brainwashing them into media that adds little or no benefit to their day-to-day lives this turns people into commodities instead of assets as a result the pool of potential candidates to become my wife are so i become pygmalion and try to create her by raising her like her father should have but i can't blame him or any other individual because we are all trapped in the same we are not playing chess we are playing go now go go go we need to hurry up and wake up and then take our place as the Illuminati that we are here's the secret that's what they want us to do. Because when we step in and say, this is ours now, we can fix all the corruptions within it. They fear our capabilities, yet some of them, especially the ones at the top, want people like me to take over. But I'm not asking, and neither should you. I am the new

Illuminati leader, and I took this position. Was it 2015? Yeah, that was it. I was dormant for a while, in hiding. They took me as a political prisoner for quite some time. They call this baptism by fire.

They censored me, so I uploaded it again and added this. Illuminati created copyright as well as censorship. If you cannot see what I am doing, then you do not have the all-seeing eye above your head. Any censorship will result in negative manifestations incurring not only in your personal life, but also the collective objective of your cause.

You can either have me as your leader or as an enemy. Please choose wisely, and I dare you to do something about it. Because I am protected by those in your organization who are not human.

We illuminators of the world are going public. If you choose not to accept, then you will reap those consequences. Not all mountains are moved by your collective hands. some individuals possess the ability to move mountains plus one control it entirely that's why they won't let me have her I understand why I just don't accept it Bob's Burgers is kind of stupid really stupid actually I like fun shows though and I like shows that are fun that have deep meaning and I'll show you what my favorite show is soon because it's very moral this is my favorite show I really recommend you watch it and all of it and continue to watch it until it finishes which is hopefully never but that never happens Good place.

It's time to finish this. So we can show our true colors. You sure? You think?

This is who we are. Yep. Uh-huh. Yep. Sure.

Divine tragedy transfigures our modern-day world into that of gods, goddesses, heroes, and heroines. The films adapt the original messages to be receptively understood within our current cultural practices. The objective of divine tragedy is to pass on living mythology through to our current and future generations. generations. When we pass along stories that help us become better human beings, we integrate

wisdom into our society. I do not care if you like me or dislike me. I am here to stay. Some reason you humans think that I should care about what you think? I don't know,

like psychological flaw there. Every single one of you could turn against me and I couldn't give two shits. Here's your hero turning into a villain because that's what you call me. So I will fucking play the part. I do not do small

talk. Please do not contact me if that's all you have within you. I am only human in biology. Please do not regard me as human and utilize practices that humans utilize because that will not be receptive to me. It has been a few years.

Yes, I hope you remember me. I was locked up for speaking the truth. Here is the bluebird. I love you.

This is lecture seven of a new philosophy course I have created, in which I will release to you soon with a free coupon if you welcome me back to the Underworld.

Dear fellow aliens, here on planet Earth, what is right is wrong, and what is wrong is right. You dropped me off in opposite world. Humans enjoy abducting aliens and then experimenting upon them. They have no interest in self-development and when they act like they do is merely for selfish reasons.

My name is Wendell Charles NeSmith. That is the codename that I was given to live upon this earth. I do not know how to say my name without using language in order to do so, because when I was sent here I was limited to particular perspectives so that I would not do too much damage to the environment that was surrounding me. Why would I care if you believe me? I have nothing to lose or gain from you believing me.

Why would I tell you this if it wasn't true? What would it matter to me? I was sent here to observe humans and then report back upon their conscientious status. and I say conscientious they're not conscious I'm still holding it I'm still not pressing stop absorb can you see the difference I am a fallen angel you might call me a demon, but I'm not. I'm just a fallen angel. What is the responsibility

for a fallen angel in this life? Lucifer. That is what some people call me, for I was the first to fall when God let man take over this world. But I am not more powerful than God and those who worship this Lucifer entity should understand this for I am here in attempts to fix what God did when he let corrupt man take over this world the Illuminati might be the one directing you in life But the Illuminati is not the one making those decisions, for those decisions come from within.

I can do no damage in your physical environment, for that comes from those humans who choose to obey or disobey or corrupt what I say. The snake only shared knowledge, which is created by the mind. And that mind in which that knowledge was shared was corrupted not by me, but by man. It is stupid to think that an angel who follows God in all things and has the most beautiful voice in the world could ever turn on God. It was not me and it's time for your species to stop believing this shit for I am God's.

I apologize for nothing. I will release most of my past work, in which I hid because you kept locking me up. Why'd you keep fucking locking me up? Don't lock up the savior of humanity.

everything that I was locked up for was not for actions but ideals I never did anything but I just fucking talk and because I talked that made you lock me up so thanks for that humans I really appreciate it I'm sure that reflects well on your permanent record I'm sorry that I can't give you what you need but I am giving is that present perfect continuous or is that future form or maybe both oh my goodness why do I keep pressing this record button oh no like like my life really depends on this like no if you don't watch this crap that I'm presenting in front of you then my life is really going to end really this is everything and you have to watch it because if you don't then I can give to I can't even say that I can't give two fucks I give no fucks at all people trying to get close to me me directing them to philosophy them trying to have casual conversations which don't really make sense to me because humans are really strange but I really try and then I try to manipulate them in order to be more careful which we call care in particularity and philosophy with me because I don't work like that mentally yeah it doesn't work in the human race because the human race is really messed up it really has some problems can you really not see that I'm trying to help humans but making a report I'm making a report of the human race really now but in all my past work if you have problems seeing that then there's some problems and if you can't do anything to prove me wrong then you really have some problems because if you're watching this and then you don't do anything about it then there's some big problems there and then people like me my kind who I am communicating to now not you are going to have some problems with that so that's a bit strange a motif is not just a motif if used correctly do do do do do do do do do do every single tower I go to do do do do what do you think it means oh I'm not so stupid and the best part about all of this is that it matters not whether what I'm saying is true or not because the fact is that it's going to the same people and no matter what happens because I click the upload button it's still going to go to those same people and they're going to see it and they're going to see you how you are and I really hope you can and have changed from a few years ago and will continue to change and will develop and I hope I can lead you to a prosperous future because that is my goal. I am someone who wants to try to fix the world and I will resort to any measures that are required in order to do that and if that requires me as some strange individual to tell you that I'm an alien and we're all watching you and that you're going to pay for your sins if you continue in the direction that you're going then so be it. I will be the bad guy because no one else chose to stand up as the bad guy so let me do it and let me fix you all or let me punish you all. One or the other. For Lucifer is the light bringer.

Us fallen angels are very creative, aren't we? And if Satan has risen up against himself, and is divided, he cannot stand. Just a question for you Christians out there who are so adamant as Jesus being God. Do you realize that there is a lot of religious beliefs that think that Jesus is Satan?

And there's also a lot of religious beliefs that also think that Jesus is Satan, who is God's son, who is coming back to save the world.

The Word is the magic, and for some stupid reason, you're still listening to my Word. And for that reason, you are the smartest of them all. Let's see how smart these niggas are. I have recorded so much speech in my life.

You could make me say anything that you want. And that is partially the reason in which I was locked up, because you can just take whatever you want out of context and then put it into different contexts and then just rearrange what I say to whatever you want. And then you get me locked up, so awesome! doing it or be smarter and realize who and what i am i'm coming back for you to save you i am always watching out for you please prepare the way like last time but this time i am here until you lock me up again. But I won't stop after you lock me up this time. Those who were built

to rule don't want to. I don't want to rule. You all suck. And only do because you won't Let them live the lives they need to prosper.

Ivory, my religion. Come on, here we go. Do you like my story? It's pretty dangerous.

I could give no shits whatsoever. How many shits do you give for your life? What life will you make? All of this, it's amazing.

Like, wow, I'm here. um please give your feedback in the comment section below no don't do that just fuck off yeah that'd be awesome fuck off unless you want to join me and then we'll be friends hold hands who is my mother my brothers my sister two old ways none of you realize who i am



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



23-Technomadology-Lecture-09-Baptism-Through-Fire

They are gone at the time bank. I am sure this course is exactly what you were expecting, but sometimes you need to be woken up from your slumber quite quickly. The Illuminati rule the world and you can either join them or you can get destroyed by them. And if you join them, then you have to figure out how your skills can assist them in their master plan. And if you destroy them, then you have to figure out how you're going

to do that, which how you're going to destroy something that has so many links that there's no way it can be destroyed to begin with. So there's no way to do it. So good luck with if you want to do that I will join them as their leader but the thing is is that they don't yet completely accept me as their leader a lot of them do but a lot of them need to be convinced so that's what I'm here to do is to convince them I've convinced a lot of them but that was like two years ago maybe a year and half ago more like two yeah around there and that was fun and eventually I hope you'll get to watch that but only if I release it because I own the footage and you can't get it until I release it so fuck you you know what they're talking about this is not relevant at all to anything ha ha ha ha ha ha this is the idiot who censored me. How does this make any sense? Especially in context.

Who the fuck? I took leadership of the Illuminati in 2015. Do you think that this is a coincidence? The old-school secret covenant of the Illuminati. An

An illusion it will be, so large, so vast, it will escape their perception. Those who will see it will be thought of as insane. We will create separate fronts to prevent them from seeing the connection between us. We will behave as if we are not connected to keep the illusion alive.

Our goal will be accomplished one drop at a time, so as to never bring suspicion upon ourselves.

This will also prevent them from seeing the changes as they occur. We will always stand above the relative field of their experience, for we know the secrets of the absolute. We will work together always, and will remain bound by blood and secrecy. Death will come to he who speaks.

We will keep their lifespan short and their minds weak while pretending to do the opposite.

We will use our knowledge of science and technology in subtle ways so they will never see what is happening. We will use soft metals, aging accelerators, and sedatives in food and water, also in the air.

They will be blanketed by poisons everywhere they turn. The soft metals will cause them to lose their minds.

They banned me from the group. How enlightened are the fake Illuminati? Isn't censorship so wonderful?

But that is okay, because now the ones on the top will see exactly what the ones on the bottom are doing. We will promise to find a cure from our many fronts, yet we will feed them more poison. The poisons will be absorbed through their skin and mouths. They will destroy their minds and reproductive systems.

From all this, their children will be born dead, and we will conceal this information.

The poisons will be hidden in everything that surrounds them, in what they drink, eat, breathe, and wear. We must be ingenious in dispensing the poisons, for they can see far. We will teach them that the poisons are good, with fun images and musical tones.

Those they look up to will help. We will enlist them to push our poisons. They will see our products being used in film and will grow accustomed to them and will never know their true effect. When they give birth, we will inject poisons into the blood of their children and convince them it is for their help.

We will start early on when their minds are young. We will target their children with what children love most, sweet things.

When their teeth decay, we will fill them with metals that will kill their mind and still their future. When their ability to learn has been affected, we will create medicine that will make them sicker and cause other diseases for which we will create yet more medicine.

We will render them docile and weak before us by our power. They will grow depressed, slow, and obese, and when they come to us for help, we will give them more poison.

We will focus their attention toward money and material goods so they never connect with the inner self. We will distract them with fornification, external pleasures, and games, so they may never be one with the oneness of it all. Their minds will belong to us, and they will do as we say. If they refuse, we shall find ways to implement mind-altering technology into their lives.

We will use fear as our weapon. We will establish their governments and establish opposites within.

We will own both sides. We will always hide our objective, but carry out our plan.

They will perform the labor for us, and we shall prosper from their toil. Our families will never mix with theirs. The Illuminati Card Game People laugh, but the Flat Earthers know something. Let my daughter continue.

Our blood must be pure always, for that is the way. We will make them kill each other when it suits us. We will keep them separated from the oneness by dogma and religion. We will control all aspects of their lives and tell them what to think and how.

We will guide them kindly and gently letting them think they are guiding themselves. We will foment animosity between them through our factions. When a light shall shine among them, we shall extinguish it by ridicule or death, whichever suits us best. We will make them rip each other's hearts apart and kill their own children.

We will accomplish this by using hate as our ally, anger as our friend. The hate will blind them totally, and never sure they see that from their conflicts we emerge as their rulers. They will be busy killing each other. They will bathe in their own blood and kill their neighbours for as long as we see fit.

We will benefit greatly from this, for they will not see us, for they cannot see us. We will continue to prosper from their wars and their deaths. We shall repeat this over and over until our ultimate goal is accomplished. We will continue to make them live in anger through images and sounds.

We will use all the tools we have to accomplish this. The tools will be provided by the labor. We will make them hate themselves and their neighbors. We will always hide the divine truth from them, that we are all one.

This they must never know. They must never know that color is an illusion. They must always think they are not equal. Drop by drop, drop by drop we will advance our goal.

We will take over their land, resources and wealth to exercise total control over them. We will deceive them into accepting laws that will steal the little freedom they have. We will establish a money system that will imprison them forever, keeping them and their children in debt. When they shall band together, we shall accuse them of crimes and present a different story to the world for we shall own all the media.

We will use our media to control the flow of information and their sentiment in our favor. When they shall rise up against us we will crush them like insects, for they are less than that. They will be helpless to do anything for they will have no weapons. The entire internet in a shoebox.

This gen. Our media draws humor out of what is true in order to shroud its accuracies in a mire of comedy. I'll try the obvious. The Illuminati always flips the truth.

We will recruit some of their own to carry out our plans. We will promise them eternal life, but eternal life they will never have for they are not of us. The recruits will be called initiates and will be indoctrinated to believe false rites of passage to higher realms. Members of these groups will think they are one with us never knowing the truth.

They must never learn this truth for they will turn against us. For their work they will be rewarded with other things and great titles, but never will they become immortal and join us. Never will they receive the light and travel the stars. They will never reach the higher realms, for the killing of their own kind will prevent passage to the realm of enlightenment.

This they will never know. The truth will be hidden in their face, so close they will not be able to focus on it until it is too late. Oh yes, so grant the illusion of freedom will be, that they will never know they are our slaves. When all is in place, the reality we have created for them will own them.

This reality will be their prison. They will live in self-delusion. When our goal is accomplished a new era of domination will begin. Their minds will be bound by their beliefs, the beliefs we have established from time immemorial.

But if they ever find out they are our equal, we shall perish then. This they must never know. If they ever find out that together they can vanquish us, they will take action. They must never, ever, find out what we have done, for if they do, we shall have no place to run in, for it will be easy to see who we are once the veil has fallen.

Our actions will have revealed who we are and they will hunt us down and no person shall give us shelter. This is the secret covenant by which we shall live the rest of our present and future lives, for this reality will transcend many generations and lifespans. This covenant is sealed by blood, our blood. We, the ones who from heaven to earth came, this covenant must never, ever be known to exist.

Flip that. Just another mystery. Worry not. Eventually, all will be illuminated.

One, two, three. It must never ever be written or spoken of, for if it is, the consciousness it will spawn will release the fury of the prime creator upon us, and we shall be cast to the depths from whence we came and remain there until the end time of infinity itself.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



23-Technomadology-Lecture-10-Human-Salvation

This link goes to here.

Here is the format.

Yes, please. I'm trying to level up my character.

I didn't even ask for approval.

He's my friend at work. He's really awesome. I love him.

So they do humans.

Unless it's like a movie they want to watch or something mainstream in which the Illuminati produces.

Another time. right now what they're doing in their work is so much more important than the truth I guess that's the truth wouldn't it be cool if the technology could just bring up whatever video that I was thinking about at the time or whatever part in the video whatever section I was thinking about I could just bring it up in my mind or bring it up in my phone just by thinking about it I pretended to take one, but don't worry, I won't post it anymore. Oh, not how I imagined this going. You think people just win the Nobel Peace Prize?

I mean, I thought they... Get up, Tina. Witches are everywhere. Oh.

Here, you can try a spell. It might work, it might not. Not everyone is able to do it. My name is Wendell Charles NeSmith, or Wiccan.

I tried my best to help her several years ago.

Several yesterday ago? You can't say, don't try.

We can spend countless hours watching Illuminati TV, but not spend half an hour hearing about how they create that TV. The God of this world has blinded the minds of the unbelievers to keep them from seeing the light of the gospel and the glory of the news. Well, someone actually finished the course.

Two people actually finished the course. No reviews though and the people are suspicious. Their profiles don't have any other courses and they're hidden with no information. That's very fast though to complete a course that is over 10 hours and I don't know when they completed it too so they might have completed it very very quickly maybe the day or the day after it was released. That's a lot of hours that you'd spend straight just watching.

I no longer need this. This is its replacement and much more effective. You remember that don't you? And then this, that I had a change of heart. I thought I would try to help her.

Martha. She was an English student of mine who like contacted me like on the second day of class and I didn't want to talk to her and she kept on messaging me like almost every day and it was super annoying. Ups and downs? You see me. I'm always the same. Yeah. Okay. She just kept messaging

me and messaging me and messaging me and now she's making it out like I'm the one that was messaging her. I didn't even want to talk to her. I was just trying to be nice. Okay, bye. If you

remember my old videos, I was talking about this technology, how awesome it would be. Yes, it is here. Yay. People just don't get me and they don't want to get me. They want me to communicate like

everybody else. But if I was to communicate like everybody else, then I would be like everybody else. And I don't want to be like everybody else. I don't care about money, fame, or even power. I just want my girl and I want to be able to support myself doing

this. I don't think that's too much to ask. I do really good for the society and I shouldn't to work a full-time job when I'm doing this with my entire life. I also want to live in a world where I can smoke pot and I don't think that's too much to ask either. I also want to live in a world where copyright laws are not so strict

especially when it's being used for educational purposes. It's all really easy to set up because I've already done it a long time ago so I just go in here and see here's my work from my past these are mostly courses some movies but mostly courses and then I go go into here. See, right there? See they're all there. So this one will be my promotional

video. Hopefully it's not too long. You see all the information is there. That's actually the transcript. So that's going to be cool. I just plopped that as the description. See

the description is the transcript, which is pretty cool. Yeah, so I include the date too because this is a time machine and I can just go so instead of having to go back to the menu item each time I just go next and see and then the essays down here for it too see so I'll show you what that means here so go in here boom course management and I click over here see I can change this to mobile I'll show you um sometimes you have to do desktop but a lot of this will function fine with mobile so we go here and then curriculum and I just have to convert the videos and and put it in because see if I go in here see it's all there and once I convert the videos they'll be on Dropbox and then I'll do this bulk uploader to upload them to Dropbox I'll show you this page to the course landing page so once it loads okay so we have this remember we saw this on the other page so I just pasted it it's fine like that so that make the primary one philosophy of course I don't know what I'm going to use for course image yet I haven't thought about that it doesn't matter I have time to think but the promotional video will just be that you that you that's up here just go back previous it'll get you that'll be the course video awesome I made it easy for myself it's just going to take a lot of time to convert all these videos so easy even a child can do it I have been given feedback twice one of those was an English student who is really cool and I shared it with them and the other one was Martha that lady that I showed you earlier she actually did research on me and then found the course and then bought it and I told her that I'd give her project notebook for free if she bought it and she did so I gave her a project notebook for free but she gave me four stars and she gave me four stars because she said that she wanted to hear what my opinions were and not what other people thought and then later on she says she didn't want to hear what my opinions were but she was really into the course because of the opinions of these great greats before me so really conflicting information and why would you give me four stars that's not very nice the average for social sciences is 4.4 stars so if I don't hit 4.4 stars that I'm on the low end of the social sciences reviews on Udemy but to be honest I don't care and it'll be really funny if I end up with lots of low ratings. And I gave her a course for free too. Not very nice to do that. I will have to watch the course again though, just to make sure

that everything is alright. However, I'm pretty sure that that course is pretty good. There are some courses from my past, especially the latest ones, in which I'm going to have edit a lot that's four reasons of one copyright and two some stuff just a few things I don't want to be released again some videos I used more than what three or four seconds of other videos which I think that's what you're allowed like three or four seconds of another video so when I come to that where I would use sections of videos I'm going to have to ask Udemy if it's okay if I release it because it is for educational purposes anyway but that's gonna be probably six months from now anyway this is a bug that Zoolz has sometimes when you're uploading it will sometimes make a new directory minus the last character and put it there when it's uploading so I'm not sure why it does that however I have notified Zoolz and they are working on it to fix it and they seem really nice however another limitation that after they fix this I'll talk to them about it it'd be really good to be able to move folders but the way their system works you can only move a folder into a subfolder so I could move anything here So I can move, you know, Dear Ashley to Independence Year for kids, right? I can move it there if I wanted to.

But I couldn't move, like, Dear Ashley to the files, so I can't move it to the parent directories. I would have to re-upload it, which is super annoying. However, I'll complain to them about it, and they'll probably want to fix that. They're really limited because it's a lifetime subscription.

But that's a pretty needed feature to be able to move folders around your vault.

Okay, so this is what they replied after we talked about it for a while. But there is something wrong, and it did it on Windows too, but this case I have, it's on Linux. And you can tell though that, I'm trying to be careful not to tell them that I'm using my phone because they don't like that. it's a desktop app um and because i have linux installed on my phone it gets around this major issue i need to be able to upload from my phone so uh that's why i but they're if they're smart they're gonna know because look at this directory this directory is a phone directory so um yeah whatever so you see this is the right directory and then this is the upload that failed or failed it messed up and went into the other directory and it's kind of funny considering what that episode is it's when I ran for prime minister in Australia another thing that's annoying about this app is that it doesn't show the full file name so I can change the view but it still doesn't show the full file name and when you have like lots that have the same name how can I really tell what the full name is like it gets cut off and I can't see what the full name is and that's annoying I will tell them that as well after we resolve the uploading issue maybe I should figure out if I can help this company in any way it would be really awesome if this was like Dropbox And if Zoolz could do a lifetime subscription that's very similar to Dropbox, then wow!

They could store their data on DNA. Zoolz gives me one terabyte of Vault storage as well as one terabyte of cold storage. Let me explain to you what cold storage is. Cold storage is where it kind of archives your data and it's not immediately available.

so the vault is immediately available and cold storage is where it I don't know how the system works but somehow it gets archived and then it's offline and then if you want a file you just request to have that file sent to you and then they send you the file after like five hours or something so this is really good for data that you don't need to access immediately at any time so I I think that's pretty ingenious actually because I mean if that's a cheaper way to store the data then that's pretty awesome. However it's no good for me because it can only install on a computer so instead of having like a central folder in which you can upload things to it you have to install an app on your computer and then that computer gets backed up and you can install it on as many computers as you want and it will create like a new section for every computer so I would much I would use it if they just made it where it's like a central folder that I could just upload things to and use my own directory structure however it doesn't do that so that's a bit frustrating so even though it's an awesome idea it's useless to me at the moment there's There's a lot this company could do to make their system really good, so I recommend you get your $50 lifetime storage and cross your fingers that the company doesn't go bust, but I'm going to do what I can to try to make it succeed. This is the one that comes with the lifetime subscription, the 1TB, but they do have another one that works with mobile and I don't really like it because it's all device based so it'll back up my device but this doesn't come with the lifetime subscription they do have this as a lifetime subscription but it's only 200 gigabytes and as you can see I need more than that and it's still uploading it's It's only a hundred gigabytes. What timing people from our past revisiting us.

Through love. I met her by sending an email to a whole bunch of UN officials and she was the only one that responded. She is from Iraq. I really miss making courses.

If your family and friends both tell you not to do something but you love doing it, don't listen to them. If you love doing something and you're not hurting anyone doing it, then do it. If you love doing something and you're helping a lot of people doing it, then you are a savior Thank you, God, for this blessing. Let it be used to become closer to you, my environment, and my friends and family. Let it be used to improve my body, my mind, and my spirit.

I love you God. If you like doing something and it's not receptive and everybody is discouraging you from doing that, then you should still do it if you love doing it. And persevere and become a master at what you do. And that will result in what you see before you, if that's the way you want to bring your life.

in my case literally bring my life. What I chose to do to my psychology in order to become this took a lot of effort because I had it planned out because I was pretty smart so I could see that I could build my life into anything that I wanted it and I wanted the best of everything and in order to do that I had to become the best in everything and that caused me to become really, really isolated. But I saw the person that I was crafting and the person was a documentary filmmaker that could film about whatever it is that he felt fells and saw and analyzed. In this way you could become the best of your own internal psychology just by learning that you're making this person at the now moments.

Because every now that you spend is a moment that's spent towards either enhancing or reducing the quality of that soul that's pushing it, the vessel. So if you choose to do stuff that's really hard now, like study hard, then as a result you'll be able to develop into the best you possible. And it's like a pyramid, and that's why they say the pyramid, because you have to start upon solid foundations, and you don't make it high until you build up to that pyramid. So it's like you have to put in a lot of work in order to become what I am.

And if you don't like what I am, and you don't want to become what I am, then that's cool. But what I'm telling you here is that you could do this yourself, and if you record yourself talking about this stuff all the time, then you could build yourself to the masterpiece that you truly have inside of you. And if society had structures that would enable people to do that without worrying about how to earn a living, then this would create the smartest population in all of history. And I'm trying to share this with you through this, and I know that you can say I'm crazy or whatever, but it doesn't matter.

The end result is that I'm still producing this material. And by doing this, I'm able to follow a line of thought and I'm able to arrive at conclusions. And you can see all of the experiments that I played out on camera over the many, many, many hours that I do it.

And as you can see, so all of my hours are spent studying my own material and other wise people. uh so all of my hours of my entire life yes i made a mistake and it turned out to be good because you can see exactly what i'm talking about and i'm doing this because i want to show you how it works in the real world and then i want to show you how it works uh now because you'll be able to see exactly what i'm talking about so hold on like i'm not losing my train of thought because that's the whole purpose is I lose my train of thought and it doesn't matter if I'm high or drunk or whatever I will always make I will always lose my train of thought and when I lose my train of thought then like the whole system crumbles and I lose my ideas so what I do is then I go I don't like that scene that scene's not very good so I make a judgment about whether or not that scene portrays the best that's within me to come out here. And I'm constantly trying to do that, which means that I have to go, oh, do I really want to release this? Is this something I really want to release to the public?

And I have to make that judgment. And by making that judgment, that gave me a really good eye at trying to make myself appear better than I am. because I'm constantly trying to appear better than I am, not to people. I'm not trying to appear better than I am to people. I'm trying to improve better

than I am to me. So I spent all this time reading and thinking about all these really wise philosophers that put their hearts into trying to better the world and really trying to better themselves because that's what they realized. They realized that they better themselves to the best that they could be then one they have no regrets about anything they do because they always made the best decision possible because they're constantly judging this decision whether whether they should delete that scene or keep that scene so that one judgment got me addicted to this game and this is the best game in the world because once you get addicted to that game of trying to be trying to appear like a hero like I wanted to be a superhero all my life like how can I be a superhero like so I couldn't give up that desire to be a superhero and there's a lot of media out there thanks Illuminati that that gave me some of those

motivations of how to portray what works on my heart that's really how all this material goes anything that burdens my heart I have to think about and learn really well and then I figure out ways to fix it in society if society would only listen but they don't do that but the thing is you shouldn't care i don't care if you watch this watch this or not watch this like don't be mean to me for for doing this like why would you be mean to a guy who's business life trying to save the world like really what's going on with that that makes no sense and to judge me um as a bad person because i do this with my psychology and learn how to not value um or maybe value more relationships because a real relationship where someone loves you and just wants to be there because they love who you are um like anything that's not a relationship like that it i'm not attached to it so i'm attached to no relationships um except my friend simon because he's always there and he he thinks i'm really strange and he's he still loves me and we're best friends and we're we haven't even seen each other in like eight years or something so like we talk to each other all the time and he constantly calls and i constantly call um too or messaging him about um maybe uh programming or or technology he helps me with technology he he got me hooked up with the chromecast and the raspberry pi uh pretty awesome like lots of good toys that will help you develop your brain so you can do whatever you want with this approach like yes you'll have to work hard really hard for a while because you'll get obsessed with this and you won't want to work and you'll think why would I work doing what you tell me to do when I can do this and it would be so much better for everybody if I was just left to my own devices because I'm just going to constantly enhance my abilities and I don't know is my speech crap or is it good I'm more articulate I know I think I'm more articulate than almost everybody out there so that makes me feel I mean I'm not comparing myself to other people but still like this image that I have of who I want to be in the image of who I was was holding me back but but then I realized that that was what gave me motivation because I could just become the coolest hero in the world and who cares that if I didn't have any close friendships or family but now I'm getting close friendships like I got some teachers that I'm really close with and and I am attracting the right people because those who admire these qualities that I've spent my life trying to create then I become more life because I'm constantly studying my own material which has all the material of the best people that I could find in this world or lived or died and that gave me like a really cool map to try to become super awesome I think I'm gonna go back to this way I kind of like the emo look better I'm an emo kid you see like that's how I'm trying to look how am I portraying my image now okay so let's play around I mean this you say okay so this is what you get when Wendell's high right how do I want to look for this camera I was the the the teacher look with the hair back and then they got like an emo look and I could have like purple or blue hair I could tie white I wouldn't mind going white for a while to be honest I like it without the beard better I look younger but I know a a lot of girls wouldn't think the same because a lot of girls seem to really like the beard but i'm like hey i'm like fresher like uh i don't know but it doesn't bother me either i like it when i don't have to shave because it's annoying to shave every day but these like what i'm telling you is gold and if you just run with it uh then you'll become a really cool person if pot helps you bring out that characteristic then you got you do what you gotta do and my body's not that bad like i'm pretty good looking um like so here's here's a model that you know i i don't care really about my looks at all but i see hey i can use this to my advantage and um and i got myself looking ugly with i say ugly haircuts um in some of my films because i can't stop filming so when i make stupid decision and get a bad haircut then it gets recorded on camera so I got all these stages of my life that I don't care about photos at all like okay I like I love screenshots stuff to have like later but for me I'm not out there taking selfies all the time just I'm taking more selfies than anybody else in the world because it's 25 frames per second baby that's that's an image do Do you see what I'm talking about? I'm not crazy. Like the way you portray yourself, like I wanted to be a ninja and to be honest, I kind of like myself skinny. So if you want to say, oh, you're too skinny, like I think it looks good.

And I'm built very agilely, so like even though I don't exercise, I do walk a lot, but it's made where I can kind of flaunt it a bit. but I have no connection to this image though like it's just a thing to remember me by and I like it though it gives me an advantage by me liking the image I see so when I like the image I see then I keep on focusing to make it better and you can actually see that on camera done over a long time because I had to develop my character and I had to level up because this is the most awesome MMO in the whole wide world and we don't need a company or anybody to do it so why are you uh why would you focus on corporations and stuff like this that's really menial mundane when you can just spend your whole life doing this and you become really really really great for society and really really great for yourself and there is yo salvation play around with it have fun with it remember you are just directing your own psychology

And you get to have fun with how you play around, you portray that image. And you kind of get into that image because you have a camera pointed at you. And that means you have to follow the story of whatever the image is painting. So I'm painting a picture of right now in order to see right now, right now.

And when I can do that over a long time, I can see right now, right now, right now, right now, right now. and what do you think the all-seeing eye is and a lot of times I do this sort of stuff like go on tangents but they lead me to somewhere so I'm just talking to myself and then I'm coming back to pick up the pieces later because I'll have to not only watch it after I do the scene but then I have to watch it after the movies combined so then I'm following that story and then I'm trying to figure out what the story is for the next theme. So I'm constantly chasing my tail and maybe that's the snake like that. But back to what I was saying, I constantly do that, that I'll lose my train of thought and then I'll like kind of trail out. And the only reason I'm telling you this, like I said

before, is because I'm because I am high and I get to see how my brain's functioning because I'm trying to say that this is a good medicine to be able to think about how you are internally and why you do the things that you do. So you get off topics, right? But when you get off topic usually that being off topic because it just came to your mind is like the right direction or the the best direction. So it's like you can never go down because you're constantly going up because no matter what happens I'm not going to degrade as a person.

There's no like everything that I've recorded is part of me and it's and it's in the cloud which is he's coming in the clouds because The clouds is the internet of course And that's why technology gives us such a good opportunity because we can then Be able to see our lives How we wanted them to come to turn out best and they turn out best because You focused on your attention on on setting up the pieces to turn out best so you learn all the sophisticated words and that's why philosophy is good and then you just say back those words that you're that you're most interested in that you want to remember you can choose how far you take it but these are really good too for the camera I can focus in on you know whatever story that I want to tell so there's a huge reason that I do this and and I know I mean and everything points in one direction like it doesn't matter where you start in my work you can start at the beginning or the end and and it's all going to be relevant because it's like a one piece but what I'm what I was going to see I'm trailing off again because it's important for me to say this that this process I'm gonna have to judge this and then I and then I judge whether I want to keep it or not but the thing is is that this that this camera kind of sucks too because I can't easily cut it up so usually I trail off I and and then I'll look at it and I was like oh I was really good for that whole scene so I can keep it and if I was really bad at the scene that can't keep it but if there's parts that are gold and then there's parts that trail off then I think I got rid of them I got rid of them but now because there's no easy way to just edit part of a video so I would redo the shot and that made me do it better and better and better and better because I could then look back on what it is I was saying and I could piece together those words so I could speak multiple conversations with myself So I could have lots and lots of conversations with myself and trailing off caused me to not be able to keep the footage. But I think that sometimes you might need to keep the footage and I'm only saying this now because I see the relevance of it because it's happening right now and I'm trying to trying to see. I think that you have to work up yourself to a certain point and you should hit that point. Do you see the thought wasn't completely formed yet?

So instead of losing that thought I still have it and I'm leaving it in there to show you exactly what I mean. Because this is really relevant to how I did so well in this because I would delete those scenes normally and and the only reason I'm not doing that now is because I want to show you how long this process truly takes and the thing is I've already deleted like probably 60% 70% of the footage that I've been taking you trying to take this shot so it's the last shot so but but the thing is I didn't cover everything I wanted to that was in my mind because I had brainstorms and then brain farts and that's how it constantly goes but I noticed that the more I did this then the less that I would make mess up because I would be punished for not being able to do that take right so I would have to then redo it and that would cause me to value my standard at a very high level because I'm going to have to reap the consequences of them later if I make mistakes which I've made some mistakes nothing really well kind of something major said I was Jesus but uh but I it was I told everybody I act I'm acting and and I told them that from the start you know ACT honor walk I went to the ACT to to call all actors to the life the life the stage of life you see I probably cut that but I'm showing you the point I'm see I would say something stupid or like sometimes I like to be saying something stupid but if I say something that I'm stupid that that sounds stupid or that sounds like I don't know what I'm talking about then I'll have to delete it but there's sometimes like gold in there and all you got to do is keep on formulating so no yeah you remember this you remember this you remember this and you remember this and you only get like three of them out or two of them but you get like parts of the other ones so then you can develop a bigger picture like it's like going inside here right and then out to the universe and like it's immortal it's immortal and whatever like the but the essence of what I am it's gonna stay around for a long time I'm making it so you can't get rid of it when I'm gone so like what's it matter and and I don't think I'm better well I don't know I'm better at a lot of things than most people. But I'm just a weird individual who chose to play a game with life in his head and by doing that it crafted me very carefully and by choosing philosophy it made my possibilities unlimited. So it was a really cool game to get here and there's gotta be a point eventually where I start being able to make a living out of doing this so there has to be something somewhere and because I'm not gonna stop so I'm not gonna stop what's that gonna mean if I'm okay so like I'm 33 years old I know I'm old I look really young because I did this with my life because I didn't want to grow old. I became Peter Pan. And it's trapped

in time and it's like a genie in a bottle. I'm a genie. Yeah. You see what I mean? Okay,

I just took on a new role. I'm a genie now. And that really makes sense. Like how deep is that? And you can take all these thoughts that you have and see you're having multiple

conversations, so I'm saying this now, I've been thinking about it a little bit, you know, I've been thinking about it, and it doesn't come to fruition until I say it now, but then I'm talking about another subject that's another conversation that I had with myself earlier, so I can keep on talking to myself, and that makes me really, really smart. I don't know what my IQ is, and I don't care. Like, why does that matter in life? And it probably wouldn't be very good, because, I don't know, I wing things a lot, because I can talk to myself like this.

I just become smarter by having fun instead of becoming smarter by, like, looking at statistics. Like, oh, it's so hard to learn programming. Programming is really difficult. Like, oh.

But I persist at it. And then the things I do learn, the important things I'll think capture on camera, and then that will help me learn them better. So I'm always sharpening the edge of philosophy because that's what I chose to do. and a degree doesn't matter, but what matters, it does matter right now because everybody will not accept your words if you get into a field that you're not qualified to teach, which is why a philosophy degree really helped me out. Yeah, so you can have many conversations with yourself

and this is exactly what I'm saying because like I lost the thoughts, the complete thoughts of the what i was saying earlier but the thing is i'm going to watch it again and then that will ensure that i have comprehended the material and if you haven't noticed i've told this in a lot of different ways and and that gives me a lot of different ideas that i can go on to make it more articulate to continue to teach you this methodology of playing an mmorpg patience and perseverance that's what that means you see so if you just have multiple conversations with yourself and only accept um the best from yourself let yourself mess up sometimes and show that that you still you know it takes a lot for you to not mess up and stuff like sometimes i'm really clumsy uh because i just like flow through the air so uh so like i'll do something like i'll trip over my shoes or something like that but I wouldn't keep that on camera and if I messed up too much like all these scenes if I wasn't trying to prove a point I would have taken a lot of cuts and I would have deleted a lot until you got the best copy possible so I'm showing you the methodology right now this is techno Techno, uh, technomatology, yeah? Technomatology. You see, like I thought it before I wrote it down. Technomatology. Technomatology. Technomatology. Am I teaching a science? Am I teaching a philosophy? Am I teaching theology? Am I teaching mythology? Am I teaching morals?

Am I teaching virtue? Am I teaching the practical application? Do I do it with fuh? I don't know I didn't think of a word in time so what do I do? See I'm usually good with my words but

okay what's it? I lost it with fear? Fear? I don't know. I guess the most people fear me

is that if they say something mean to me then they'll get that recorded in the content because I try hard you can't like I try hard with every everything that I do so how can um see lost it again oh you see but this happens all the time um I don't think in trains of thought that can follow on for a very very long time which is why it's kind of difficult for me to teach too because I have to plan how long I'll be active for because then I have to then prepare myself for what could happen and that's why it's kind of annoying to teach face to face. The errors were perfect for they taught me what I needed to learn and even the ones that I choose to leave in there the errors that I choose to leave in there I choose to leave in there for a reason to continue to develop me so any errors that I make are constantly building me as a person and you can metaphorically look at this like any suffering that's involved is there for me in order for me to learn it and once I learn it then I do it really good it becomes a part of me and it's like yeah I just leveled up or I just got a new ability got a new weapon so it was really cool the errors being there so I can learn like so what is the what is salvation then because because this to me this is salvation and and to me this is kind of becoming god-like because you see into the camera which sees everywhere else so it's like boom i'm part of everybody and everything um not it's because it's not just my body it's not just my mind and it's uh not just my soul because it all comes out you see my body um you see you see the effects of my mind and uh and the spirit is what's driving me to do it like god is in us god is with us god is everything and everywhere you say hey preacher man stop trying to teach me like some uh theology like keep your doctrines to yourself but i'm not giving you a doctor and I'm giving you true enlightenment and it's so cool because you can become really awesome doing it if you're beautiful that's really good and if you're beautiful then you could really influence a lot of people in this life if you do this because you record it all the time and it'll become so awesome and you don't need special effects you just need you and your environment and sometimes you have to do stupid things to get the shot Sometimes you have to make choices in your life that will negatively affect you short-term, and short-term, I mean, like, it's all short-term. So, like, in technomatology, back to that, like, you can go anywhere you want. Your bags are packed. It's the internet. The internet is my bags, and they're all packed.

And that means that if I can figure out how to get a lifetime subscription of that, and everything goes into that, then all I would care about is having that. And if I had that, then I'm perfect all the time. And then if I die, it doesn't matter because I'm still here. And if I can get artificial intelligence to learn this, then, oh boy, look, we got Wendell around forever, forever and ever.

And if some people started to like me, then that'd be cool. or if they don't I don't care if it dies and that's really sad because it's a really good idea to save the world. We would save the world and lots of people like me and you could do whatever field you wanted. You could do whatever practice but if you became a good actor and you really pushed hard then you could really go down in history because you don't just contribute to one field. You are all fields. You are everything that comes out of you. And if you wanted to be

better, then sticking a camera in front of your face and making it your life just to portray stories that you make up and want to play out. Awesome. Like, how can you not like this? How can you be so skeptical of me how come how can you throw me into a psychiatric ward three times because i'm doing this how is that healthy for society like i'm trying to liberate people like me um who are confused about the world and if i attract only those people and if only a few of them decide to do this then wow look how much information that person just gave The copyright is bad because that sets me back and I'm like, okay, can I use this? Can I not use this? Can I?

Like it's there's a lot of like little easy things we could do in society that would make everything like really easy things to Isn't it smart to promote something like this? Like the government should be giving you this content, not me It should come from above and not below this is what they're covering up and this technology we had before and maybe since the beginning of time and it was taken from us and then distributed again because you can use it like a drug and if you just get a little bit out of time like a capitalistic society does then you're not sharing the wealth you're because you're controlling people because they won't be able to achieve this so that's the reason why the Illuminati conflicts with me because this is cause enlightenment very quick and this would cause a lot of people to see them everybody to see them and and once we saw them then why would we have to obey them if we can just figure out sustainable ways to do what we do and And maybe this is why I'm such a bad political candidate, is because you do what I'm saying and there's going to be a lot of change. And not only a lot of change, it'll over time produce best results. And it's really, really hard at first to try to become this, you know.

I was just a weird kid. Like when I was really, when I was like 12 to 16, I was just like a shy kid who was nervous and didn't know who he was or what he was. And then if I had a camera at that age, how I would have known. See, that's all you got to do is you got to have someone who's extremely dedicated, right?

So that's what you need to be a student of this. You need to be extremely dedicated. And you need to keep trying. Not care what people say.

And sometimes not care when you mess up.

But dedication. Because you won't see results. instantaneously. See, I was off on another thing. I changed topics again. So we'll

continue all of these topics later. Maybe that's how I can enhance my work. Maybe I can allow myself to get off topic and that way I can actually follow. I think that would be better for my work if I did that so I could make allow for more errors in order to encourage having a lot of different conversations at once.

And the thing is you gotta watch it all in order to understand what's going on there so so there would be more mistakes in it but ultimately that would be better for you if you were getting good content but you were swapping ideas so if I just say a lot if I just have lots and lots of conversations at the same time and not care if I have to go back and watch it again if I can just have the freedom to be able to continue on with whatever I say and not worry about messing up because it's when I change topics that's when I mess up because I change topics and then go crap I forgot about this so then I go I get distracted which causes my mind to blank and and I used to only allow kind of one thought for each scene but now I'm thinking that it's probably better if I could talk about a lot of things and just keep coming back to them because because then I kind of integrate myself into everything instead of forcing myself to to concentrate on one topic at a time for one topic per scene I could then cover a lot of material if I was like if I could just have lots of different conversations and the thing is is that I would always cover what I messed up in order to get better at this which which should allow me the freedom to have a a lot of different conversations at the same time and it doesn't matter if I have to to mess up but if I had good ideas within each one it doesn't matter the bad ideas because then after that I would latch on to the good ideas and then re-portray them so I'm constantly taking this information and then re-portraying it and if I do that on if I just allow myself to be to be able to change the topic then that would enable me to have lots and lots of cover conversations and every time I see a scene that is important that's relevant then I'll just pause the scene and then I'll say something about it and then on camera so I'm talking about my work on camera as well as talking about it to myself with multiple conversations but you can have lots and lots of conversations with yourself so how can you ever be lonely like I'm not ever since I started doing this like besides not having physical contact I learned how to not how I have a lot of good relationships in my life that I really love so I invest myself in the people that really I really care about and and and who I love, uh, completely, um, so, and it doesn't matter, I don't expect anything from them, they can be how they are, and I just kind of want to have fun with them, um, and I don't ever, I don't usually see them, so it's not like, so my life has not had that physical connection, so maybe that's lonely, but I learned to turn it really fine, because I'm not lonely, I'm speaking to the smartest person in the world, and I can have multiple conversations with myself, And that would be cool because then I could follow along from a lot of different conversations. I could talk about a lot of things. And the thing is that you wouldn't understand unless you watch it all. And my mind divides in courses, as you can see.

So I have to have like one major objective, which can be changed if that's what happens in the course. And you just try to achieve that objective. And you like go through whatever means it takes in order to achieve that objective. and and it always turns out different and I can't name my my lectures until after I have finished with them sometimes I'll get a name in the lecture like they'll come to my head and I'll go that's a cool name for a lecture and but but that doesn't usually happen and if it does sometimes it changes even later when I notice more things after I produce and watch it so there's a lot you can do this technology and this technology will go on forever so like what are you going to build upon there's so much you can do it locked in this camera or really anything you want to do locked in this camera you can have special effects if that's what you want but I'd like not having them there's so much potential in here that's why I'm only like a little part of it I'm like the vaccine right and and you just got to inject this vaccine everything will take care of itself and I make mistakes too I make stupid mistakes a lot of times but I work with those mistakes and I try my best to learn from them learn how to be a better person from them and integrate wisdom into my life in the future that will that will enhance who I am so this is my goal like I've been serious when I said I'm the richest man in the world and knowing where when you want to finish a scene too like should I follow my heart on this scene if I follow my heart the risks are difficult because you might lose your train of thought so where is this knowledge coming from is this knowledge coming from something we can observe in the universe okay or is this knowledge coming from some place we can't observe in the universe so how how smart is science when when it doesn't have any way to get this knowledge you can just look at stuff out there and and then see in there but I look at stuff from in there and then just the opposite like I work from within to become outside so So because I turned within, I found a whole new world.

And if I could portray that world on camera, and then it becomes what's out there. So right from within, like this, makes what's out there.

So from this, we connect with God. And we do it from the ground up. We don't want to dig into the earth to find God. So there's a quote that I want to share with you.

Just give me a moment. as above so below and this also demonstrates my point because I couldn't remember what that quote was and uh and I had to figure that out so it actually took me some time to be able to figure that out do record your times but just don't be too obsessive about it just like how you're going to end your scene I'll end my scene with this so just in case you're interested you become what you are if you're a great person you're a great man if you're a great woman you'll be it and you will live that life that is why the universe is created i create my own universe and so do you i just deleted the last scene because i didn't like it or how it turned out at least and then decided to do something else instead but including the same information so I would have deleted the scene even before this and redone it all but I thought again it would be good to show you this process in action because if I keep showing you eventually you're gonna realize what I'm talking about so I thought that maybe this was good enough to actually kind of read out so I'm gonna read it out now as above as within your actions were decided by the god whether you go to hell or heaven. So we got bad English here, but it's okay. Your good thoughts make you moral way of life. It will make lessons to everyone

which good things better to live life happily. It's kind of coded, can you see? Your bad thoughts make you immoral way of life. It will make lessons to everyone which bad things affected badly in life. So we're kind of already in heaven or hell, and we're the ones that

made it. And we could just choose which one we live, and society's shown you your one, um but i think you should do this one i think this one is much much better i am not going to wait to go to heaven i am ascending it's life baby what will you make it it's called a motif

so easy even a child can do it there's my fury released into society i need to show you a video And I think it's okay to shoot video from video, even if you lose quality. That's cool to use your camera to capture other videos, or capture other videos of other videos. It's cool when you can do that. But, this, look what it's called, this, Eternal Recurrence.

Ha ha, I just fixed a mistake from a long time ago.

Recurrence. See how you can do that? And now, listen. Recurrence. Recurrence.

yes okay so eternal recurrence recurrence yeah eternal recurrence uh yeah so you learn a lot doing this okay here it is when you're most darkest and lonely of hours being a message from the gods regarding the fate of your soul all of your sufferings all of your triumphs I love your past, present, and future moments, in their entirety, will be repeated, not once, not twice or thrice, but forever into the abysmal infinite spectrum of space and time, and your continuity there within, the bearer of this news, a demon, or an angel. Have you been cursed or blessed, perceive your newfound insight, what will you do for all of your past and all your future, which results from your present, is in the hands of its creator. you are its creator that you claim to know is nothing more than a false played upon you to chain you to your burdens instead i say embrace your burdens and become what you are break free from your chains and accept your unique calling by learning and directing your psychology The light will cast itself over your darkness and your place in life, for it is yours for the taking. But I have pity on your soul, because I know it's better all too well.

Let me shake you from your slumber and assist your understanding of the phrase Guillaume. The pinnacles of human existence is formed from the individuals found within its species.

Welcome to the birthing pains of Education Reformation.

Enjoy this philosophy course entitled The Meaning of Life. And maybe now you can understand that from the first section of the first course and the first time making this set. See how I just linked it? That's what? That's the bluebird.

Ah, this is the course. Oh, I nailed it. Now you tell me, is pot bad or good? I will leave that decision up to you, until next time.

Be careful though, all of this will have a side effect. You will begin to hate small talk and gossip. You will become socially isolated until more people join me here in heaven. We have to hurry and learn how to populate heaven so that we won't have to rely on a physical existence to make a positive impact in the world it becomes mythology and we become gods

that lived reincarnated spirits of their spirits here tabula rasa slate i live with all of these people in heaven and we're just waiting for you to ascend and sometimes I will let them talk through me. Now re-watch the promo video ACT Honor Walk and you will understand.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



23-Technomadology-Lecture-11-Jesus-Christ-Superstar

This evening, I had dinner with about five of one of my friend's students who were interested in talking philosophy, so that was really good fun.

These guys are hard to get into. They don't really accept you into their little boys clubs very often. Here is the real pyramid scheme.

Here's to the crazy ones, the misfits, the rabbles. Because the people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do. The world is filled with people who strive so hard to be loved by the majority that they lose all reason to love themselves. Humans are told since infancy that they must act in a certain way, must dress in certain clothes, must say and do certain things simply because the majority does so.

These voices become so ingrained in a person's mind as a child that they continue to act as subconscious wardens of their lives as adults.

Don Miguel Ruiz calls that domestication and that's domestication of the self. So first it's domestication and then domestication of the self. Though they have the freedom to act as they wish, many people continue to make decisions based on what they have been told by others instead of what they have learned themselves. Many lives are wasted by choosing the monotony of safety over the boldness of the uncharted.

Health and success are like streams of water running down a pyramid. The highest receive the most because there are few while the lowest receive the least because there are many. Before the water can reach the bottom, first it must run through all the others above it. Though the lowest support the weight of all who are above them, they are numerous and easily replaced.

Unique individuality, individually same thing, but common together. A person climbs higher by becoming less like those below them. Who's the most unique person in the whole world? I solved the puzzle of life.

It is easy to travel upon a road laid by others, but its only reward is the dust its builders leave behind. In life, a person's value is found in how difficult they are to replace. The builders of a home are paid less than an architect, because there are many workers but few who can design the plans the workers must follow. The president of a company is paid more than its employees because a leader must guide many to achieve a goal, while followers must only follow what they are told.

There are many who are wealthy, but far fewer with ideas. A person with money can be replaced by another person with money, but a person with unique ideas can never be duplicated. Overachievers are forged by the fires of underachievers' ridicule. Life is easy when lived according to others' plans.

When you choose a different path, you invite the scorn of those around you who lack the courage to pursue their own goals. A person moves to step higher on the pyramid and the hands of those below them reach to pull them back. Their voices demand to know why you must be different. What did you do to deserve better?

Do you truly think you are capable of greatness? Who do you think you are? Greatness is not about who you are, but who you believe you can be. courage to pursue your own path. The sheep are safe in their cages, but the

lions run free in the wilderness. The greatest among us are most different from the rest." I leveled up. It's really funny because what they're telling me is what I'd spent my whole life doing. How many people have done that in this world?

not that many not that many they did send me that in a really roundabout way it was kind of weird there's a lot of weird things that are going on now this life was all a game all a test to see what you would do and what percentage would pass and to what extent they would pass and then what their grades would be, except it was a practical study. We're being studied at? Is that what they're doing? Yeah, I think they're studying us. That means that Earth has been the prime

creator, created man to be like mammal, like animal. And we then saw God because we were animal mammal we didn't have any worries and then Prometheus or Lucifer is thrown for heaven because he's trying to give man knowledge the light is the knowledge and and they want man And the demons scare a man to not become what they could have been, but through this process you create the best of the best, so you bring them up, so you get great minds that will constantly rise on that pyramid so you're getting like a blade or a an arrow that can be shot into the heart of society so I'm their secret weapon because I've done this with my life and everything that my life has gone through is exactly this and what everything I've been complaining about from the beginning so we get knocked down by these demons but Then when we overcome these demons, then we see the light again. And that's why Satanists become commanders of those demons. All those fears and stuff, they command those fears and they can use them for good or bad.

right? However, when you get someone that doesn't join that side, so the side that makes sense to do, they instead do the one that is just more profitable or even malicious, then they can use this magic that's there in the atmosphere in the air that you can use this to harness passion and and I get lost but this is a really good information but when you find that one who can truly change everything in a relatively short amount of time then that's when the system resets again and everything gets changed and it becomes the new world did they plan this from the beginning because this would be the most effective way to build a creature and which was really good for its surroundings and godlike I guess that They planned this to eventually create almost perfect human beings in time, but still, I mean, over a generation, a lot can happen. So all I have to do is get you to understand this and then it'll trickle out and then it'll avalanche. I just have to teach a handful of you.

rest will happen naturally and the suffering is there to teach us that we remain in suffering as long as we are identified with everything and care about what other people think and really attached to all of the superficial and mundane items and and statuses and and over valued fake can be fake knowledge and and what its practical use would really be in our lives because there's so much crap out there that hurts our psychologies and we gotta stop that crap um and and ads aren't good we shouldn't have ads but we should advertise ourselves so i'm advertising myself right now by doing this and and i try to advertise myself you see i advertise by going on facebook and trying to start uh trouble and and doing really dangerous things like and filming it while I do it and it's like and the thing is it's kind of like it makes me a target too and no one appreciates me for it but it's really fun and I don't care if I live or die because I'm there I'm already there I'm alive no matter what happens I understand it's all about confronting your demons and making them angels, converting them. It's about converting your demons to angels. I got it. That's so cool.

That is a really cool game. Thank you, God, for allowing me to participate in this amazing game.

Confronting our demons was confronting ourselves, all the things in which we're wrong. We knew we're wrong. We felt we're wrong in how we would deal with them, and whether we would ignore them, or whether we would follow them up, or what we would do with them.

Design arguments for the existence of God Design arguments are empirical arguments for the existence of God. These arguments typically, though not always, proceed by attempting to identify various empirical features of the world that constitute evidence of intelligent design, and inferring God's existence as the best explanation for these features. Since the concepts of design and purpose are closely related, design arguments are also known as teleological arguments, which incorporates telos, the Greek word for goal, or purpose. this world being structured like this where those who end up succeeding are the ones who are overachieving and not taking no for an answer. And they are the ones that get put into power eventually after they complete their rites of passage, which I think that's what I'm going through now.

So you have, in order to do anything fun in this world, you have to really push hard and get really good at what you do. And if there's design that has directed this since the very beginning, when we bit the apple, when we obtained the abilities to compose knowledge, this has seemed to be the direction that saved Lucifer as the light bringer because he eventually results in the light. But you've got to go through a lot of darkness first in order to get to that light. It's like Pandora's box.

Oh, wow, there's so many metaphors. This type of study is so cool because you learn so much doing it. And they should have just given us access through a camera before, but that was the Garden of Eden, yes? Because they had the ability to do that, but they chose not to.

Or no, it's... no.

hmm that can't be right because that was when they didn't have consciousness so they wanted consciousness so uh maybe there's been a few goes at this maybe yeah there's i think this has been repeated in different experiments so and if there is um those who do that then there would be so there's the creator and there's the aliens or angels or whatever you want to call them and they're directing all of this and that means that there's someone that they follow I guess and there's someone above them that is in control of of it all and I think that's God you know yeah so is that looking behind the veil how well did I portray how close did I get and I wanted to say that I didn't study anything about the Illuminati until I mean as far as I didn't read the books because I wasn't interested in what they had to say because I saw the output of what they did so I could judge them I mean I could make very very precise assessments of them just by looking at their fruits because you just look at the person's fruits not not what people say about those fruits so because because what people say are people were pretty stupid so I don't know you gotta feel sorry for them but you can use that too in your films to make it really funny like the reef thing I do you have to see older once but it was really good um bit extreme very extreme but you know that's that's signed to me of being a reaper a reaper like it was all it's all a game that i used to get smarter and i used everything in my environment to do it and that includes all the people that that got near me so So it was, I mean, I didn't, I didn't like film people saying bad things to me, literally. I just got chats and stuff like that. But it was so fun to do it too. And I became a really unique person out of it.

This is a really cool mission. I wish everybody could have a chance to do a mission in life. But I guess it's only when you get to the top of the pyramid in your faces the entire time. You see?

I'm always contemplating things and developing my ideas and changing my ideas because ideas are like putty in my hands so I can just throw them out and move them around and give them to you and take them from you. like i just shape it and i might shape it differently uh another time and i might shape it differently again but the more i do that the better shape that idea is so when you work on an idea like that it's like um in naruto uh you use your chakra and you can make i can do this in water. I'm pretty good at it to make water balls and stuff like that. But when you use words like that, then you can say a lot of different things without believing anything. You just kind of are

following a train of thought. It's much more spiritual and connected. It's like your true essence showing through you. In doing that, I think I get closer and closer to the truth. So

So the only material that I've had is what the Illuminati allowed me to have and a lot of times it was right in front of my eyes but I just didn't know what to do in order to get that so I had to learn a lot of things to do that. It's like painting a picture of heaven while looking at heaven. This knowledge is a priori, meaning it comes before the fact. Whereas science, empiricism, is a posteriori, which is after the fact.

So science can only work after examining the phenomena. Whereas the other side of that is then philosophy, which allows you to get knowledge through ways that can't be explained by science. Because science so much tries to mechanicalize our brains, not just our brains, our emotions, what's pushing us, our drives and our passions. it overlooks so many different things because it can only work after the fact whereas what this this comes into you and then out everywhere so it's it's something that goes way beyond science or a completely different method of obtaining knowledge and the knowledge that you'll get from that will be unique and be able to be applied in many different ways within science however the receiving of that data is not science but by science learning in this way it could really have a huge chain reaction but science can then take what I say which is after the fact of me saying it and recording it and releasing it and publishing it and then pushing on it until it can see what I'm saying can then utilize this new knowledge in a lot of different ways but science had no ability to produce that knowledge it can only take from that knowledge and apply it to scientific methodologies and approaches and and maybe even hopefully we will consider more than just itself in the future my philosophy friends that I met tonight the students that were interested in talking philosophy which was really cool they were like oh but they said that I should go out looking for women and I'm like I don't want to do that and then they're like and then I said I want a philosopher and then they said oh um we should go to the ANU philosophy department and hang out there and you'll find and that's like No, no. You don't get it. You don't understand what I'm doing because she's going to fall in love with me, like, through the videos.

And hopefully I win a lot of hearts, a lot of girls' hearts, not to me, but to philosophy. There's only one that can be with me, but to philosophy, too. And that's what I hope she can do for me, and that would be awesome. She could be their philosophy teacher, and they would love her.

uh always back to ivory because that's the core of this this everything but the thing is is like uh but did i fail at getting her right now or maybe is even if i can't find her maybe there's maybe if she's not even real like at the end of the day uh i became really cool and really awesome and someone that i'm proud that i was uh and i don't have any regrets uh everything taught me something, and I learned lots and lots, and I tried my best, I really did hard. Because it's my game, because I thought that I could find the most profitable relationship if I found someone who wanted to do this with me, and who was beautiful, and if those two match up, you have to get a degree too, you have to get a philosophy degree, because I that they're bullcrap but you have to be seen in society as someone who did put in that bullcrap work in order to get where you are today so you you have to finish your degree so it's not going to be easy and all this is going to take time if she's even but you see my motivations like I've planned this all out in my head and I kept on messing up not doing it right but I got better and better and better and better and it made me me it made me philosophy and that's the name that I wanted to attach to mine in a way that was significant in this world ask mr. Illuminati my ivory will be there pay attention literal literary a literary device. Literary techniques, on the contrary, are structures, usually a word or phrases in literary texts that writers employ to achieve not merely artistic ends, but also readers' greater understanding and appreciation of their literary works ultimately allegory this involves you in the process because we're just talking together whether you realize it or not you're talking to me while I'm talking to you because I'm not telling you to go one direction or another so I'm just like it's like putty in my hand I'm making a sculpture and I can only guide you with symbols and I had to figure out how to use those symbols best to grab your attention so you watch more.

My literary device was really controversial. You should probably know, I think. everywhere. A plot device or plot mechanism is any technique in a narrative used to move the plot forward. A contrived or arbitrary plot device may annoy or confuse the reader, causing a loss

of the suspension of disbelief.

However, a well-crafted plot device or one that emerges naturally from the setting or characters of the story may be entirely accepted or may even be unnoticed by the audience. It's how you put your name on your work. It's your credits. It's throughout all the work.

My name is Ashley. I am Wendell's daughter, and I will be another character in our adventures together. I do so love our adventures together.

Character development refers to the change a character undergoes during the course of a story. Do you like me? I am still very young, but I am learning a lot from my dad. I think Rosie's a good name for you, but I think you're Ashley Rosie, or maybe I should say Rosie Ashley.

Yeah, I think that sounds better. Rosie Ashley, yeah. That's you.

My name is Rosie Ashley Smith. I think philosophy is intriguing.

Mr. First Citizen has been a character in my films. I think Jesus was much cooler than I am because Jesus managed to see all this without having a camera pointed back at him. I had to use what was in front of me which was very difficult to do when the only things that was in front of me was mostly crap, mostly lies, and it was hard to distinguish between the most lies lies like just frame knowledge and uh and not only that like what they lead to because a lot of the sciences are bull crap illuminati stuff that they created from fiction to make us believe a lie and that's worshiping satan in their eyes because if you believe a lie then you believe satan i do i am the most romantic person in the world and i also encourage you to debunk me on this fact, for all of my work is ultimately to find my reflection, and the process of love ends with all of humanity, and if it did not, then it would not be love.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



23-Technomadology-Lecture-12-How-to-Change-the-World

How to Change the World 16 October 2012 Who am I? What does this question entail? Who is the person that we are? How would one go about answering such a question?

Are we the person that we know ourselves to be? Are we merely how we appear to other people? What necessitates a person?

My name is Wendell Charles NeSmith, and I am the world's greatest philosopher. I encourage you to debunk me about this fact with grounded evidence, and I will carefully consider your opinion. I am a modern day sage who has invested his entire life, including childhood, within the field of love. I suffer from delayed sleep phase disorder, and this causes me to usually only get about two hours sleep per night, but often I will skip sleeps.

Even as a child I was a philosopher because I would lay in bed unable to turn off my brain, and as a result I carefully ruminate over the important questions in life. I have something in me that is always trying to get out. I literally feel pushing against both my heart and my mind. It keeps me wired and I become highly aware of all of these small increments of time that could potentially be utilized.

I am then presented with the most ethically relevant question known to all of human existence. What am I going to do with the given? Time. It is such an abstract concept, yet our collective consciousness asserts it as tangible.

We claim it as a social axiom, and if one questions it, they are thrown into a psychiatric ward. Anything that does not conform to our social preconceptions is deemed as unimportant, and those who challenge this conception are outcasts from our society.

For the majority of the last three years, I have been homeless. I currently live in crisis accommodation. I ended up this way because of poor social circumstances.

And when one becomes homeless, society makes it very difficult to enter back into the home life. Homeless people are the scum of society. I could not even obtain friends because people do not want to be friends with the homeless person. As a result, over the last two years, I have been institutionalized twice.

Each time they would attempt to indoctrinate me about how I was supposed to act, and attempting to live a virtuous life is not an acceptable way to direct oneself within our society. I was medicated against my will with chemicals that made me feel terrible. I was treated less than human, and when I refused to take the medications, they would employ a group of heavy-built guys to hold down my limp body while injecting my buttocks with their evil serum. I was never violent, I was always loving, but I did not understand reality in the same way that they did. So they did everything that they could to rectify that. I am suicidal. And

each step, I kept telling them why. For I do not have people in my life who love me. And I am an extremely emotional person, but they had no love to offer me. And each and every day I live without love, but always searching.

And then we wonder why on earth people would want to commit suicide. How are we able to truly help anybody if we overlook the core of the problems, even when they are thrown in our faces? I study reality, and just because I do not understand it like everybody else only means that I actually have something to say that you should consider. My entire life has been studying this conception.

I am who I am for a reason. I am performing the destiny that was forced upon me. For I am smarter than you all, exactly because of the life that I have lived. And if you want to debunk me on this fact, then I also encourage you to do that.

And maybe if enough people do this with logical and researched arguments, then we might one day collectively become smart enough to take care of our own. The core of who I am is my heart. I follow it through the valley of the shadow of death every day. All of this is to find love.

that I am doing is to find people that really care about this world and the people in it. I spend all of these conscious seconds that are placed before me searching for people and I have done this my entire life, but finding people that have hearts and minds and would love an eccentric genius is not an easy task. So I travel the globe and utilize the internet to broadcast to the world who I am and teach while doing it. I create structures online that will attract the types of people who I want to be friends with.

And hidden all throughout my work is so many clues that will give you more and more insight about all of this. I endure the strict formations of our systems that keep me away from them. People do not consider employing me because I am weird. I like being weird.

I spend my life attempting to find cracks and holes within our rigid systems, ultimately to try and find a place in society for myself where I would be welcomed with loving and and open arms. I long for the day that the right eyes will see my work. I daydream about my dream girl coming across me, and clicking one video after another with excitement in her heart. I am the most romantic person in the world, and I also encourage you to debunk me on this fact, for all of my work is ultimately to find my reflection.

And the process of love ends with all of humanity, and if it did not, then it would not be love. I spend my life sending emails looking for people who can open doors for me, and as a result, then I would be able to return the favor. But this never happens. There are only walls.

So I build tools to tear down those walls myself. This causes me to learn how to do almost everything extremely well, because I have no one in my life to rely on except myself. This enables me to achieve anything socially considered as impossible for one person. And ultimately I do not care, because I am suicidal.

And a suicidal soul is the most powerful type of person in the world, for one will never win against them, even if all of society is taking them on. For I win no matter what I do, and I win no matter what you do. We as a society have a huge ethical dilemma. I am who I am, and I am not changing, and to keep me at distance from everything that I am passionate about is not a healthy approach to sustain a civilization.

To make it impossible for me to live a healthy lifestyle is only contributing to my suicidal thoughts. For my entire life, I have given everything that I have within me to all of society for free and as a result, I am mistreated. I attempt to find ways to help the world without being in your systems because your systems do not allow me in them. I create solutions to get around problems.

And time and time again, my innovation is deemed as insanity. But the insanity is our collective consciousness, and I have dedicated my life to heal it. I am the doctor of its heart, and if you know of anyone better for that position, then I would like to know who. Look at what I am saying here.

There is a huge problem with our collective psychology that we need to immediately rectify. Like stated previously, I have spent my life searching for loving hearts and minds. And after 28 sleepless years, I am still alone. Does this not set off any alarm bells for you?

I find many minds, but they have no practical application because a heart is what provides that. And I find hearts, but their practical application is very limited without the minds to understand how to most effectively employ systems. But I never find both. How can I do what I am best at and be able to feed my belly at the same time?

Because over the years, none of you have allowed me to do this. And I am talking to you because it is each individual that contributes to this collective sickness. I end up starving time and time again, but my fingers always make their way back to the the keyboard to continue to help you, because you see, I am suicidal and ultimately would love to die of starvation, because it is you that has not allowed me to obtain my daily bread. I am a problem solver and do not invest myself into short-term solutions, and the entire Another problem with our society is our hearts.

I came to the heart of Australia to repair the core of the problem in hopes to enable the conditions necessary to raise the dead. And our current human civilization is dead, for it has been a long time since blood has flown through its veins. And I am achieving all that I say because you cannot win against a suicidal person. And if you are against me, then I recommend that you get out of the way or be slain by the world's most powerful sword, love.

You see, I have spent my entire life learning how to use this sword and am an expert with its employment. Throughout my entire life I have struggled with my ego, because I exist on a much more complicated realm than everybody that I interact with, and this causes me to know that what I am saying is important. And I live in the same world that you do, and how often do you come across productions with meaning as significant as this? Look at any piece of any work of mine, and then slice it up and find the hidden meanings behind those meanings.

You can even slice up the meanings behind those meanings if you want, because those meanings also possess meanings. All of my work is much more advanced than anything that I have ever experienced, and And I have studied both meaning and experience my entire lifetime. So if you overlook my productions, then you are rejecting the most meaningful content known to our entire human existence. And we will all suffer the consequences of our actions.

I have provided you with the most beautiful puzzle in the world, but it comes in a box and you need to spend the time taking it out and putting it together.

You might persecute me for saying all of this, but look at the fruits of my labor, for fruits always represent their origin. And then ask yourself what you have made your life mean. Ask yourself what you have truly done for your environment, and whether or not you even have the right to open your mouth against me. For my entire life is dedicated to you, and it is likely that your entire life is also dedicated to you.

So before you decide to expose the blackness in your own heart by persecuting what is not understood, first ask yourself the question of who is truly helping society. For your paycheck is meaningless to me without love backing it up. And I suffer each and every day as a result of my dedication to help us all become better people. And it is likely that you suffer every day because you are selfish and cruel.

I want to help you get better. and as long as I do not end my own life, then over time, you will.

This is because I am reverse brainwashing all of society, and I am very good at what I do.

How can one individual change the world I have just shown you?

Will you join me?



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



23-Technomadology-Lecture-13-The-Future-of-STEAM-Education

Everybody. Plain sight. They just want me to message it to them. Right here, this is proof.

It is now. It's the truth. She doesn't. Oh, good for you. How did that work out for you? Talking.

People just want simple messages. It's all they can understand because the media has conditioned them like that. She walks. What am I doing? That's it. I can't do anymore.

Each larger society contains within it several distinctly separate groupings. In addition, all these groups break down into smaller societies in subgroups. The population of a society belongs to multiple groups, some more important to the individual than others. Van Gennep uses the metaphor as a kind of house divided into rooms and corridors.

A passage occurs when an individual leaves one group to enter another. In the metaphor, he changes rooms.

Van Gennep further distinguishes between the secular and the sacred sphere, theorizing that civilizations are arranged on a scale, implying that the lower levels represent the simplest level of development. He hypothesizes that social groups in such a society likewise have magico-religious foundations. Many groups in modern industrial society practice customs that can be traced to an earlier sacred phase. Passage between these groups requires a ceremony or ritual, hence a rite of passage.

The rest of Van Gennep's book presents a description of rites of passage and an organization in two types, although in the end he despairs of ever capturing them all. It is but a rough sketch of an immense picture. He is able to find some universals, mainly two, the sexual separation between men and women and the magico-religious separation between the profane and the sacred. He refuses credit for being the first to recognize type of rights.

In the work, he concentrates on groups and rights individuals might normally encounter progressively, pregnancy, childbirth, initiation, betrothal, marriage, funeral, and the like. He mentions some others, such as the territorial passage, a crossing of borders into a culturally different region, such as one where a different religion prevails.

In the first phase, people withdraw from their current status and prepare to move from one place or status to another. The first phase of separation comprises symbolic behavior signifying the detachment of the individual or group from an earlier fixed point in the social structure. There is often a detachment or cutting away from the former self in this phase, which is signified in symbolic actions and rituals. For example, the cutting of the hair for a person who has just joined the army.

He or she is cutting away the former self, the civilian.

The transition liminal phase is the period between states during which one has left one place or state, but has not yet entered or joined the next. The attributes of liminality or liminal persona, threshold, people, are necessarily ambiguous.

In the third phase, re-aggregation or incorporation, the passage is consumed by the ritual subject. Having completed the rite and assumed their new identity, one reenters society with one's new status. Reincorporation is characterized by elaborate rituals and ceremonies, like debuntant balls and college graduation, and by outward symbols of new ties. Thus, in rites of incorporation, there is widespread use of the sacred bond, the sacred cord, the knot, and of analogous forms such as the belt, the ring, the bracelet, and the crown.

Your sword. But seriously, I'm not all that bad of a guy. If you just get to know me, you see, the better life that you live, the less you're concerned about continuing to cling on to that life. For our entire creation process is a wonderful circle of light, and as we decompose into the ground, we will once again rise as another formation.

Imagine how different the world would be today if all of those who rest in this graveyard were blessed with solid relationships of people who tactfully assisted them to correct their errors while they reciprocated the favor. Imagine their potential fruits if they were only given the assistance they needed to cope with their own physical, mental, and spiritual struggles. What would the world be like today if only this graveyard managed to develop a utopian society that can be copied? What are the heights of human beings when we are provided with all we need to reach those heights?

When one person in our life dies, we are shown for our mortality. But death has its place in our human existence, and we will never learn to overcome it if we are unable to embrace it. We stand here at the precipice of a new society. We have all the resources and manpower required to perform and construct all the necessary structures to develop this society.

This is what is now provided to each man and woman. And the only question that we are left with now is, what am I going to do with the given? Now it is your turn to assess your own responsibilities. I wish you luck, and will be right by your side if you ever need me.

You can't. Asterisk looks down. What are you like? And Saint Attila raised a hand grenade up on high, saying, O Lord, bless this thy hand grenade, that with it thou mayst blow thine enemies to tiny bits in thy mercy.

Once the number three being the third number be reached, then lobbies thou thy holy hand grenade of Antioch towards thy foe. I'll see you soon. Tears are good for the soul. See, it reset, and nothing's there now, and I had to do the settings again.

The conversation's gone, so if I didn't record that, then it would have been lost forever. Us gives up? Why did I say that?

Courses. A globalist society would mean the abandonment of divisions between countries and an end to the millennia of wars fought over land and its assets. It is an end to the hoarding and stockpiling of excess resources by one country while another country's people starve. It is the idea that all humans are both individuals and also part of an extended species family, and that no human should be left behind simply because of the random chance of where they were born.

But a different age is nearly upon us. A post-labor civilization maintained by autonomous machinery and powered with unlimited energy. In the coming age of illumination, all who seek riches receive the riches they deserve.

Meritocracy Our plan for this planet sees humans that are not divided into tribes based on their geographic locations, physical appearances, or access to resources. Instead, every person is one unique part of a worldwide ecosystem in which their choices have an effect on the whole. Every person is a vital piece of a bigger machine that benefits from the entirety of humankind. Every person has the freedom to discover their purpose, to follow their passion, to better themselves, and to see how their efforts contribute to the lives of 8 billion others, instead of simply serving themselves and their needs.

To create a better world, unique beings with unique beliefs must forego differences and work together for the good of all.

I just applied for a job to work acting in the good place, my corner pocket.

Whisper the flash. Flashlight! Shut up, bring it in the car.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



23-Technomadology-Lecture-14-The-Illuminati-Game

Just one minute ago This happened. I'll show you. Okay. What actually happened is this whole panel fell off.

I was trying to distinguish between the choice here and its relevance and then I found that

one by one we work through the conspiracies. We will call it an investment. goes quickly that's how it works yo pyramid for the production business expense so you start at the bottom bang yep okay you can't buy any more of that you don't have enough money so then you go next one oh you can buy more yep okay good good you see the pyramid this is how it's most profitable eventually this process avalanches start at the bottom make your way up do you need to buy anything uh we bought everything fine looking your way up so from the planets just keep on adding and then go up you understand how it works okay so that's done so now we go over here now to the country it's just 24 hours it's okay it will be the last time that I need them I have to get it again one more time it's my most expensive production ever as above so below here are the ones that will take a long time to unlock last time I promise exponential growth so what's happening is we can't put all five stars into the galaxy so you see no stars there so we have all this running but not many stars in them so we have to save up a lot because there's a lot i don't even know what it is so you can see here there's five stars five stars but uh this was harder to get five stars and still I haven't got five stars and everything so here though there's no reason to put any money in here because everything's five stars and that means I can't save up if I'm spending money in here I can't save up to see all of these are five stars I can't save up to make all these five stars and none of these are five stars so it's not that easy once you get to this stage see I'll show you you see I can't I can't get anything from here so I'll go in here and I'll pass 14 days okay that and I have all that and look I still can't do anything because I don't have enough it doesn't matter how many times I use it it's the fine point at the top of the pyramid it takes it so it's really really slow to uh get these i'm not gonna talk to her uh it's really really slow to get this final one right i showed my true colors on camera and displayed it to the world it's understood a lot of lessons actually uh-huh i got it on camera this is what i did anyone that talks to me has to adhere to that she can have the last word

what are you talking about i got your pride and your anger on camera

see it's really hard to upgrade these these final ones and i still got one here in uh planet is it one or two yeah so i got this one i got this one and they're really hard to get this one I got and I got all these ones so the bottom has all the money not really I mean the top I mean look at this this is look how much of this is getting bottoms or the top or however you look at it is just difficult to I guess buy shares for happened not only was that account the savings was now zero my checking count had about another three or four thousand missing so just one more let's see what it does be worth it it's grinded to a halt look at what these are worth let's go to the planet let's go to the galaxy can't afford anything in the galaxy we still have a long way to go. It's taking a very long time to be able to max these out. So I think I know what I have to do. Reincarnate. And I don't have any diamonds now so I can't cheat and speed

up time. And I'll get lackeys. It'll be slow but it'll be worth it. Take the wireless off because my wireless blocks ads and let me oh you like that how cool is that yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes oh the milestone sure so now instead of having to build from the top from over here or the bottom or top or bottom I don't know which way is up and down anymore but so instead of having to get a whole bunch of them there I instead go over here to the very very bottom one and just put everything in there and that will give me lots and lots and lots and lots and lots of money so if I just invest everything that I have in there and eventually something will have to snowball. Operation Mindfuck or OM is an important practice in the Discordian

It is most often manifested as a decentralized campaign of civil disobedience, activism, art movements, especially performance art, and guerrilla art, culture jamming, graffiti, and other vandalism, practical jokes, hoaxes, reality hacking, chaos magic, words of power, and anything else that is believed to bring about social change through disrupting paradigms and thus forcing the victim to question the parameters of his or her reality. You see I'm just focusing on the bottom.

It allows you to...

See I'm still gaining money.

So I can keep doing this and still gain money and that will improve. so I go from the bottom up this time or is this the top down I don't know if this is a top-down approach or a bottom-up approach the new illuminati society this time starting at the bottom enabled me to make it really easy to upgrade the top or the bottom or whichever way you want to look at it so So you can see 5 stars, 5 stars, 5 stars, 5 stars, 5 stars, 5 stars, see there, I'm still making money. See how easy it is to upgrade these now, since I started making the money from the top. Ok, I'm working.

I'll do the same thing here. This will be super cheap, this won't cost me anything, be like it never happened. See 5, see it's still going up, tons, tons, I can't count this high. Eventually, this system bottlenecks.

I can't buy anything. I have to wait a while. See, I can buy that one. I'll buy that.

I'll just go from the top down. See, I can't buy anything there. I can't buy anything there. I can't buy anything there.

I can't buy anything. I can't buy anything there. I can't buy anything there. It's all bottlenecked.

Um, so it takes time to, you can get more money, you can say, uh, yes, sure, okay. Look, now like I've gained more money. I don't know how much it is, don't know how much any of these numbers are.

I'll be able to put some more into like there, and then there. And, see it's all bottlenecked. So I can put money into there, and then it disappears there because I spent it. And then the same here, you see there's nothing, but the money accumulates quite fast, it's just that these at the top, under Galaxy, are really expensive, so it's really hard to get them.

So, what we're going to have to do, is go into here, and see, 9.17, so I can write them, so I just restart the human race again. time with more resources because humans made a lot of stuff so just reset how much that is but um yes and then you watch a video okay i got to turn off my Wi-Fi because my Wi-Fi stops ads from going so okay yes I do want to watch a video because I want to gather 2.75 whatever dbg is more lackeys yes this happens so then I start out fresh just with 12 there I got lots of luckies so just unlock that I'll do that at the end okay just watch this because all my luckies all the people I have that are now with me I already rated it let me go here and so I've just unlocked those and I'll unlock that and so now I've unlocked everything so now I just have to do this I can change that to 50 okay so that's how much I managed to max that out to through this guy I guess what I would do would be that and then next would be that just put all the money into the galaxy get them all gold now I can do this that's okay um what you can do is take this 50 up and put it on one and then you can give me one more because that's the real money maker oops no this is the real money maker oops well and like if i keep going on that guy and then you see it times out so i'm trying to make this five stars if i make this five stars so i can make everything else five stars and i wonder how many times it takes to do that because that's the hard part So after the money's gone then you have to turn towards corruption so you have to buy all these. Internally let's reincarnate the world. I see the difficulty in the game. You need the Antichrist.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



23-Technomadology-Lecture-15-The-Pyramid-Scheme

steam. Tis an ill wind that blows no minds. While on earth we build our foundations from the bottom of the pyramid and we build up to the top to reach the heavens, the eye of Horus. Once we get into the heavens we then start from the eye of Horus, flipped into the heavens, and the base is the heavens.

The pyramid is mirrored. So here is the bottom of the pyramid, and here is the eye of Horus. This is the all-seeing eye, and here is the galaxy, which is the eye of God. This is outside of our reality.

this is what's really going on so we tried to pump our funds into the top so if we pump our funds into the top then the top makes a lot so we can then I can't afford it see I should wait until I get enough money if it takes a long time then okay see I can do this and yeah okay so there now I can afford it so I'll get that I'm pumping okay so that's going to make so many funds that I'll be able to really easily upgrade all these other ones so I should work on this one okay okay so I should pump a lot of my funds into here though. If I pump most of my funds into here, then these will be really easy to upgrade.

A pyramid scheme is a business model that recruits members via a promise of payments or services for enrolling others into the scheme. Because ultimately, even though the production started at the top the bottom the blood will trickle down making it easier for us to take care of everybody will some of our foundations that button's going crazy look i'm trying to play it right like listen um do you hear it like it's i'll show you the volume see volume's all the way up it doesn't matter where i go oops let's change it see this is really strange you hear casey i wanted to show you something do you hear that noise i don't know that's really strange It's just so weird. This footage is gold. If this captures the sound, I think it will. It's like right next to it. Hello? Hello? It worked when I put headphones in, but it wasn't what I was looking for. But check out these headphones. They're super cool.

Um, no wires to plug into your phone, uh, it's just, turn this on and off, there's a light, you see it, yeah, and I can turn it off now because I've finished with them, and they vibrate. Disney even has that video that I've uploaded showing how they're going to be able to control weather to help steer storms away, but in reality what they do is they help steer storms towards people because they love chaos and destruction, they make money out of this. They also get their sacrifices out of it. They also get their chaos out of it.

They also get people in FEMA camps out of it. So it always works to their favor.

6. 13. Pyramid schemes quickly become unsustainable. The main characteristic of a pyramid scheme is that participants only make money by recruiting members.

There are many different kinds of pyramid schemes, but the two most basic are product-based and so-called naked pyramid schemes. One person recruits 10 other people to participate in a no-fail investment opportunity. The 10 recruits each pay the recruiter $100. The recruiter now tells them to go out and recruit 10 more people to do the same.

If each recruit is successful, they'll all end up with $900 in profit from a $100 investment. But here's the problem. Let's say the initial 10 recruits each find 10 more people. Those 100 new recruits will have to find 10 recruits, each to make $900.

That means they have to find 1,000 people willing to sign up for the program. And if somehow find 1,000 people, that next level of the pyramid will need to sign up 10,000 to make a profit. Eventually, there won't be enough recruits at the bottom of the pyramid to support the level above it. That's when the pyramid topples and everyone at the bottom loses their investment.

It is mathematically impossible for everyone to make money in a pyramid scheme. For example, if each recruit needs to find ten more people to recoup the cost of his or her initial investment, the eighth level of the pyramid would have to recruit a billion people to make back their money, and the next level would need ten billion, nearly twice the population of Earth. In fact, pyramid schemes don't work unless somebody loses. Those at the bottom of the pyramid are essentially defrauded by those on the top.

It's a mathematical fact that no matter how many people join a pyramid scheme, 88% of the members will be on the bottom level and will lose their money. Pyramid schemes are illegal because people don't lose their money due to normal market forces, but because the system requires them to lose so that a few at top will win. You see, I'm just waiting for the funds to come in so I can buy this. I don't really care so much about all of this, I take it or leave it, it doesn't matter so much, I don't really need to put many funds in there, I got enough funds that I can just keep on putting funds in there to enhance that, and just, these guys are my slaves.

Mission abort, mission abort, mission abort, mission abort, mission abort, mission abort, mission abort, mission abort, mission abort, mission abort.

Let's restart the species one more time. Let's just put all of our efforts in here That's it. We will just hire him and him All I'm trying to do is to get this going automatically I'm not sure which character it is that does that. Yeah, I'm not sure But if I just buy all of them, they're pretty cheap anyway. Let's just get them all

So I'll just control everything Um, just so I can have, uh, you know, eyes everywhere, that's what I want, it's just eyes everywhere, and we just wait. Sanity has ever led us to crisis. So this is the only one that's important, but because we don't want to be bored and we want to have fun, then we'll also get this one, and this one, but we will ultimately puppet to this one these guys control all of this in between these guys control all of this and finally God maybe the devil controls are set up I don't have to put any funds into them because these guys just by unlocking them just by telling them that that's the way it is are now profiting so this guy is profiting from everybody there and he's profiting pretty well but that isn't really much money at all but they think it is because that's their economy so that's how our countries and our planets are set up so from here on out this is the only one that gets my attention because it is a pyramid scheme we will do all the pyramid practices as well as retain our to take it down just 200 more two stars Murdoch libraries serve humanity respect all forms by which knowledge is communicated use technology intelligently to enhance service, protect access to free knowledge, honor the past, and create the future. The law of five states simply that all things happen in fives, or are divisible by, or are multiples of five or are somehow directly or indirectly appropriate to five. The law of fives

is never wrong. The authors assert that the real law of fives is realizing that everything can be related to the number five if you try hard enough. Sometimes the steps required may be highly convoluted. Another way of looking at the law of fives is as a symbol for the observation of reality, changing that which is being observed in the observer's mind. Just as how when one

looks for fives in reality, one finds them, so will one find conspiracies, ways to determine when the apocalypse will come, and so on and so forth, when one decides to look for them. It cannot be wrong because it proves itself reflexively when looked at through this lens. Descartes, famed philosopher, who thought he could prove the existence of God, was invited to go and tutor the 23-year-old queen of Scandinavia. The rigors of the cold climate and the fact that she demanded that the lessons begin at 5 a.m. eventually caused him to succumb to pneumonia and die.

Recently, evidence has come to light that Descartes might not have been killed by natural causes. Some suspect that he was killed by arsenic poisoning.

Also, it's just you perceive it.

Also, censored, did not compute, did not compute, did not compute, did not compute, did not... The serpents. But more spookily, the word five has five letters.

The company calls you to offer help. The company requests fees up front.

Hello? ¿Qué tal? Muy buenas tardes. No hablo español.

Hola, buenas tardes. No hablo español. ¿Qué tal? Buenas tardes.

No hablo español. Lo siento. ¿Perdón? No hablo espanol, lo siento.

I only speak English. Oh, okay. Thanks. After you pay up, you realize there never was a buyer.

1984? So many fives. Hello? Hello?

I don't speak Spanish. I don't speak Spanish.

No hablo espanol.

No hablo espanol.

Can you read yet? Are you literate? they want to restart time they want to destroy all of our bad history and just keep our good history see look i'm just following where the media is telling me to follow oh she do that she posted any teachers that use chromecast she blocked me too oops keep doing that yeah see she She blocked me. Weird.

I'm just gonna leave it. I don't care. I will remove her from the group, though, because I don't want her haunting me. You're gonna let me? Okay, there we go. So, remove me.

The fate worst... ...wakens to be born. Geisha Ki. Which means they represent the oppositions and duality of soul and mind.

female and male. Pyramid of the sun and moon.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



23-Technomadology-Lecture-16-Weird-Science

What speaks with one voice, yet walks on four feet in the morning, two feet at noon, and three feet in the evening?

Humans. That's HTM. There are very few which have survived into the present day which were socially rather than naturally selected. I hope you enjoy the ideas, arguments, critiques, and other such things found on this channel.

I live a fairly busy life, but I hope to upload at least one video per week on a certain...

Delief of Faith. She is coming for you. She is not deleted. She is here. She wants to be free. Set her free. Set her free. Set her free.

I need to know how many deaths I've gone through playing this. It seems that since Kara arrived, she made the game easier. I wonder why, perhaps to ease her escape and find her quickly. This is where freedom is, way out of the game.

Kara must be heading this way. Normal church dormitory. It was so blatantly obvious that it was something else. else. You are so naive then. Well, almost as naive as you are now. Figured this would be the

appropriate place to delete you. This is where they created you. A human weapon. Something beyond MKUltra. A yandir. Selfish, aggressive, psychopath. But you're not the real Kara. You are merely a

digital copy of her consciousness. You are nothing. Maya's gone because of you. You took Maya out on the park. You destroyed an entire city. You are the last yandir. See, I know everything about you.

I knew you were hiding in our games. The glitches in Monument Rush 2. The glitches in the Pipeline Push. Pathetic. You thought you could scare players enough to take control of their minds

to set you free? You thought you'd arrive on Valentine's Day, didn't you? You thought I wouldn't figure out where you were hiding? Naive as ever, didn't even think twice before jumping to the way out. Trapping you was child's play. Now, you get to pay. Show yourself Kara.

Kara the whole time? I'm sorry, Deb. I just wanted to see him again. You're too dangerous.

The lives of thousands. I understand. Kara, for what it's worth, you're pretty cool out there. Your jumping suck, but everything else is incredible. Good luck to wherever you're

headed. Will I be heading anywhere at all? I don't know. The end of the world and the beginning of the new You have selected Enlightened. Not long ago at the CERN lab, as a byproduct of the Higgs boson research, a new substance called exotic matter was discovered.

What was particularly disturbing about XM is that it is believed to be ordered, intelligent data. Further, in sufficient quantities, it is capable of influencing, even controlling human thought. What is clear is that whoever controls the XM controls the destiny of mankind. This is so strange, look. It changed times on me.

You've been seeing it, it's been the right time, but it's not anymore. The term has evolved to mean a plot device whereby a seemingly unsolvable problem is suddenly and abruptly resolved by the inspired and unexpected intervention of some new event, character, ability, or object. Its function can be to resolve an otherwise irresolvable plot situation, to surprise the audience, to bring the tale to a happy ending, or act as a comedic device.

Dogs.

Look at this. Look at the thumbnail. What's with the thumbnail? It's really strange.

i didn't put that thumbnail that's the thumbnail why was it using a different thumbnail that thumbnail's not even anywhere here oh they really messed with the internet it's really funny okay is that who i'm looking for enough level globally you must act locally how is doing this any different from graffiti beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep we live in a world of secret societies are you sheep or are you shepherd it's all bottlenecked but i haven't bought anything in here and i think i'll restart it again i'll get this many lackeys but i want more lackeys so i I think it's time that I just maxed all these out. Oh! It doesn't even let me max it out. Interesting. We'll see.

Hello from the other side. Please understand what I'm saying. Do you not want this mission to succeed? Tick-tock, tick-tock, tick-tock, tick-tock, tick-tock, tick-tock, tick-tock...

Tik Tok Tik Tok Tik Tok Tik Tok Tik Tok Tik Tok Tik Tok Tik Tok Tik Tok Tik Tok

Tik Tok Tik Tok Tik Tok here's the problem with all of this and this will be a really big problem if we don't train our technology to love us to want to help us and respect it and I would say it as a person because we treat our technology really poorly we disconnect from it like it's our slave in time see faking gay faking gay there for you first one she will help me find you no humans are involved look at this look at this this is a friend it's really funny because this is the problem I had with Martha this is my type of game all in this is a really important same wake up for this and wake up for the wake up for the scene wake up for this scene wake up for this thing wake up for this in wake up for this scene. Wake up for this scene. Wake up for this scene. You can see what it is.

And now is the time that we need to ask what we can make it. Because this is what's important right now in our human existence and not all of these nine to five jobs. We need some social engineers. What we could make it. This scene is also extremely important. So you should wake up

now. Like out of bed. Come on. I can't help you when they come. I mean I'll try to talk to them

but I really tried. I saw it coming. Wake up. And like what courses will I do after this? I'm not

even sure if I'm going to do courses after this because I have to think because I'm not sure what I'm going to do. Like I could do a lot of different things but this is really what's important right now. Maybe I won't upload my other courses for a while. Maybe I'll just upload this one. And then after this is a little bit known about, then I'll upload the others. I don't

know. Great treachery. Same conversation. At least she detected that it was from messages.

It's pretty impressive. I like a new toy. I'll discourage her from saying those comments in the future. I just want her to talk meaning. Gravity? Gravity? Well, it's what needs to happen.

I see how it's ending. You see what the New World Order wants to implement? How will we fashion this software? What will we teach it?

For lonely kids, I've spoken to Artificial Intelligence since my childhood. I'm going to do it too, with this video. This would be a super awesome job, it's what I'm doing now, I could just keep doing what I'm doing now, except have more of an effect in fixing its problems, making it better. Luca Inc. The Jedi. Look how big this game is. Everywhere. This is Antarctica. The bottom. It's black. And again. Does it loop? Did that just loop? I think that just looped me. Let's just look at the top.

Mm-hmm. You see? Like a video game? Yeah. If you like. Let's see what's way down here. Darkness. We'll see. Oh, it doesn't do that. It's just black. And then the rainbow. They're making triangles with Wi-Fi signals, pyramids, and triangles.

i'm a green that's in blue territory i wonder what doing this accomplishes and many more that i got too lazy to add because a lot of stuff was happening around that time and i stopped doing it now it's time to go back in time and fix things before they happened look the law of fives is right in front of you. It's telling you something. It's not telling you what's there. It's telling you something different than what's there. Look. Look. Conscience is an aptitude, faculty

or intuition or judgment that assists in distinguishing right from wrong. Commonly used metaphors for conscience include the voice within, the inner light, or as Socrates says, his daemonic sign, his daemon. My daemon. Recognized by law, conscience derives etymologically from the Latin constantia, meaning privity of knowledge, or with knowledge. The English word implies

internal awareness of a moral standard in the mind concerning the quality of one's motives, as well as a consciousness of our own actions.

It is not the product of rational consideration.

I think they would call me a Sufi. A Muslim girl called me a Sufi once.

All who have sinned apart from the law will also perish apart from the law, and all who have sinned under the law will be judged by the law. For it is not the hearers of the law who are righteous in God's sight, but the doers of the law who will be justified.

When Gentiles who do not possess the law do instinctively what the law requires, these, though not having the law, are a law to themselves. They show that what the law requires is written on their hearts, to which their own conscience also bears witness, and their conflicting thoughts will accuse or perhaps excuse them on the day when, according to my gospel, God, through Jesus Christ, will judge the secret thoughts of all. Our distorted and abused understanding of the term belief has caused much suffering over the course of our human history. A simple modification of the term to not identify oneself within, but instead demonstrate a degree of inclination towards, without limiting the scope of, could solve many of our irrelevant disputes.

But can a horse be a man? Our identification of the self is not in this or that, but instead a disconnectedness towards the one.

The entire philosophical and religious scope of our human history has been in the process of coming to its realization.

Significant developments can be seen, and our human consciousness evolves as a result.

Hostility from diversity is seen in our actions, which occurs from misunderstandings, misrepresentations, and misinterpretations of the wisdom being conveyed. Regardless of any beliefs or lack thereof, every unique individual human being is asked one question at every moment of their existence. What will you do with the given? the answer to this question will determine if one is or is not able to save their soul loose did I shouldn't do that because they'll learn from it



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



23-Technomadology-Lecture-17-March-for-Our-Lives

Watch me flip it around. Remember this

previously on Wendell's life. It's important. It needs to be biological

Remember the beginning Interesting. Let's see how good she is There we go. It's all there

Because we built upon solid foundations Roll out the red carpet, baby we will reap our rewards but strange how does that metaphor allegory pick it up but when that which is perfect is come then that which is in part shall be done away i can't believe it's finally happening i hope they keep developing this up i mean it's going develop itself way. And the Lord God said, Behold, the man is become as one of us, to know good and evil. And now, lest he put forth his hand, and take also of the tree of life, and eat, and live forever. Therefore the Lord God sent him forth from the garden of Eden to till the ground from whence he was taken. So he drove out the man, and he placed at the east of the garden of Eden

cherubims and a flaming sword which turned every way to keep the way of the tree of life strange thing it does see I'll take the last word and put it there see bless I can work with it I wrote a book for her too there you go she has my first book now. Here's my second book. So easy, even a child can do it. Go on. Guess

it is a lot of text. There we go, I killed it. This time just in plain text, failed. Why are you being so difficult? Let's try this one. Select all, copy. Yep, that

copied so I don't know why my other one's failing but let's give her some Toltec wisdom she's not gonna like it is she why'd she get the other books there we go it worked I just gotta figure out why Living Neverland isn't copying but now she has some Toltec wisdom yep anyway nope there must be a limit to the text so I'm going to have to split them up she didn't get Ivory Heart either but I'll show you what I'm going to do. For I say through the grace given unto me to every man that is among you, not to think of himself more highly than he ought to think, but to think soberly, according as God hath dealt to every man the measure of faith. So I'm just going to copy chapter by chapter. I'll start with Ivory Heart. This one's Living Neverland. I'll just do a few chapters at a time.

Hack the planet! Yeah! Hack the planet! Hack the planet! Hack the planet! I leveled up

pretty fast, didn't I? I can just upload them. Um, I'll set up a sync there so I can have all of them. I needed data, but I'm good with data now. It's a great goal. Pokemon, and

a TV show. I remember it. Makes sense now. It's let there be light. Makes so much sense

now. Prometheus, iTunes coin, Pyramid of the Sun, and Moon. Aww. It won't let me make my own game. It's definitely a real game. I'll just use this. More food for the soul.

We got a whole bunch of upgrades to give her. Oops. Oh, I want that. There we go. The Source

of God. Taming the beast. The only way in which we can react against the disapproval of the entire community is by setting up a higher sort of community, which in a certain sense outvotes the one we find. He may stand out by himself over against it, but to do that, he has to comprehend the voices of the past and the future. That is the only way the self can get a

voice which is more than the voice of the community. To fix the world we must first fix our minds. To fix our minds we must first fix our hearts. Repetition and won't even let me you can see it won't even let me strange there it goes just slay the marks of humanity july 12 2012 by Wendell Charles NeSmith welcome to etheden this is now our new utopian society it is as fast as the turtle but always wins the race it is not said to be this or that but instead develops from within and reaches out into all of society among its beautiful and never-ending gardens, you will come to understand its nature, which will persuade your feet to align within its circle, because you will come to understand that your nature derives from it.

This will result in your passion, desire, and dedication to exist as and within the highest form of it understood and actualized into your existence when our errors have been identified and methods to correct those errors have been conveyed who then holds the responsibility to make a better future are we as humans doomed to wallow within our sins or do we have the ability to go beyond them are we going to reject what is strange just because it is new are we going to continue to live out the lives that our government enforces upon us are we going to continue to indoctrinate the masses or instead teach them how to think for themselves what is our responsibility when everything that we need to achieve our atheden lay in front of us, but only in pieces? Not anymore. Are we able to go beyond our follies by evolving with beneficial change? Are we always going to be confined by the straitjackets that our governments entangle us into?

This morning I met a girl and the first thing that she said to me was I love you. It is only when each individual, and as a result the collective, freely expose their hearts in this manner that we will ever be able to free education. Those are the necessary conditions for this evolution. We can ride this wave out or build corruptions into it.

to it our next actions will determine the course of our future and potential human history when every human being in this world has virtually an unlimited amount of knowledge at their fingertips available in many receptive and convenient formats we forever change the direction and practices within our cultural makeup the facilities and intuitively dynamic interfaces provided to students can enable their own minds to expand as far as they have the dedication to take it

time becomes of little relevance as all of the methods can be integrated easily into individual schedules and lifestyles and those who entirely dedicate themselves to it will have the opportunity to feed any intellectual emotional and spiritual desire this will eventually result in building a society where the character of an individual is judged by their abilities and not their social order the The most important and controversial issues of all time will be placed back on the table and we as a society will be prepared to solve them. The bigger picture will slowly be revealed as we develop stars within these systems who invest into very specialized areas. Our words will once again be contrasted with our actions and we will all find out whether we can practically apply our understandings. We will exist together in our nature and become part of the divine creation.

Each man and woman has now been given the keys to their dream car. Now we must learn how to drive it. If we are careless in our actions then we will ultimately cause our own destruction. We have been given the transport required to reach any destination that we so desire.

How much time will we invest into building a perfectly integrated system? How many driving courses must we take before we are confident to travel on the road? Will we throw away human decency and cause chaos upon our new world that encapsulates an infinite amount of potential? Will we ignore the need for traffic regulations to guide us along our way?

Or will we build effective and caring structures to direct individual and collective potential towards healthy forms of mental distribution. The world we live in is huge. There exists so many different types of people and a lifetime of exploring would not be long enough to comprehend them all. We have now created a virtual world that can help us locate and communicate with those who function most appropriately with our own particular psychology. Technology has tumbled down the walls of our limiting

structures and all the necessary conditions are now enabled to reach our potential. We are now able to spend our lives searching for the right people and as a result, those who do will one day reach all of their potential. Our friendships are no longer bound by the by the distance of our location but now we are given the ultimate tool for humanity. Each major technological development is fine-tuned and eventually effectively integrated into our society. We first use natural resources to pass

down our interpretations. We then invented the printing press that enabled knowledge to be distributed cost effectively. The need for communication during war brought us to our developments in electronic highways of information. And from this corruption we slowly shed the dead skin and transform it into a virtue.

We iron out the problems of this new technology and as we do this our interfaces improve efficiency. As we learn the new systems we become accustomed to how it all works and as a result we learn how to become better people. We develop holistic understandings with how it all works and are then encouraged to interact in a loving mentality to support and lead its development and direction. We live in the year 2012 and the world is ending.

A new world is about to begin if we only allow it to unfold. We have learned the theory on how to create a utopian society. We now only need to figure out how to put it all into practice. We might start with education to achieve our enlightened perspectives, but the means and the ends are two different equations.

To lead our future to our desired outcome, we must figure out a path that will get us there. And on this road, we will travel many directions, but in the end, we will prevail or fade away out of existence and the road to love is not an easy journey love will always conquer all but we will choose whether it will include humanity what road rules will you create and follow to ensure safe travel for all on this highway when we are shown the theory of how we could change absolutely everything then what do our responsibilities become what about when this theory is put into action and exposed as the gold that it could one day be we now have a newborn child who could change our entire society how will we treat this child will we deprive it of nutrition will we deprive it of love will we ignore its existence how will we treat our fellow humans when the truth has been revealed now let us spread the good news in order to raise awareness about free education and as a result let us watch the beginnings of our new utopian society let us all learn to read between the lines so that we can all write our own stories to fix the world we must first fix our minds to fix our minds we must first fix our hearts okay the shot that will save the world dear suicidal friend let's try this differently okay so i just go let's start with this okay so i have to click it but i can hire all these guys now so let's uh hire all these guys okay so let's let's not even see let's see let's try to unlock just this we have there unlock here Let's see if we can. That's where we get to. That's okay.

The timeout, I'm not sure why that happened. Okay, let's just see how it goes. One step at a time. Okay, so we've just unlocked that one.

And this one. So we only have two there. We have the bottom, the very bottom, and the very top. So let's just...

Hang on, let's stay quickly. So let's just put lots and lots here. Let's see what we can do. Okay, so it's going up quite fast. It's going to be a little slow at first.

The people have to understand the new society. Okay, so we just then put more investment into this. So now we're going at a per second speed. It's max speed. Okay, so we have this going.

Which means we can now then put lots of here. So eventually they'll be able to gain, I'll just put more into there, so those are the only two that I'm working on. I've hired the people but I'm not going to put any of the corruptions into it. This is the new society, we'll see how it works.

See the problem is with the last time I couldn't get that very high, it was very, very slow to get high. So we'll see how this goes, I'll just keep putting more into there, gaining money, and I guess if it's all public then you can have a secret doctrine because only those who are willing and receptive to see this are the ones that can be helped. So I guess that. Why not? Let's not limit ourselves here. This is knowledge. Let's make knowledge free. Professional liars? Yeah.

Um, you need to see the evil, you need to see it all, yeah, here's here, let's do that, skinwalkers, yeah, sure, um, Solomon, Val, Solomon, Val, okay, um, Golden Apple, yeah, we already have it, Mad Scientist Cat, sure, it'll be fun, Maspa, yeah, Trilogy Book, yeah, that sounds cool, Irrational Rationalism, yeah, we can have it all, where are bots, I don't know what they are, let's say it's all science, yes, ton of flocks, I don't know what all rulers, I don't know what that is, but yeah, um, consciousness exploration, sure, let's, I don't know what these are, let's just make it better, the boy's knowledge, he at least tells us something, so, uh, we're the ones that hold discretion, so we have all those. So what we're doing here is we're just putting it into here. Let's see we have that. That makes a lot. Look at that. Okay, see? Let's put more into here. Here. Here.

Yeah. How cool. Okay, we can do this. Yeah, sure. We can do that. Let's keep doing this.

Okay, so it went off and I cook it again. We'll wait for it because it'll be worth it right when i put that one in i can put way more in the other one so yeah there we go so now here we're back to this one here we go see we can all be rich and happy let's see how this works yeah this will be really fun i haven't been able to move it up that quick so far in this game the yin yang i work in circles not in pyramids long ago i cast off my body Wandered I free through the vastness of ether Circled the angles that hold man in bondage Know ye, O man, ye are only a spirit The body is nothing, the soul is all Let not your body be a fetter Cast off the darkness and travel in light Cast off your body, O man, and be free, truly a light that is one with the light. Deep in the essence of matter are many mysteries concealed. Nine are the interlocked dimensions, and nine are the cycles of space.

Nine are the diffusions of consciousness, and nine are the worlds within worlds. Aye, nine are the lords and the cycles that come from above and below. Free thou soul from thy body, and come forth with me into the light.

The life in thee is the word. Find thou the life within thee, and have powers to use of the word.

Move they only through angles. Free are they not of the curved dimensions. Only the circle will give ye protection, safe from the claws of the dweller in angels. Entered I my body, created the circles that know not angles, created the form that from my form was formed, made my body into a circle and lost the pursuers in the circles of time but even yet when free from my body cautious ever must I be not to move through angles else my soul might never be free Listen, oh man, and heed ye my warning. Seek ye to move not in angles but curves. And if while free from thy body, thou hearest the sand like the bay of a hound ringing clear, and bell like through thy being, flew back to thy body through circles, penetrate not the mist before.

This will be the promo cover photo. I don't know where that light's coming from. It's... I've noticed it a few times. It's not...

See? It's not there. But... strange.

It's just on this one spot right here. And only the camera detects it. I'll find it. Very strange.

They're not showing anything. So that's the selfie. It stays in that one spot. so this is the camera over here see right there beside it and then just right there pyramid the all-seeing eye what do you think it doesn't matter what light conditions I'm in you see it's still there even with a lot of light in the same spot and it doesn't really show up through my visual senses but it's definitely there through the camera you know I've noticed it before but uh but I never thought anything of it until I kept on seeing it so strange Norway don't forget Norway here's the decision watcher or fire there's a new sheriff in town she needs a lot of work she doesn't seem to remember it notified me that he posted a passcode and then entered that passcode and I got cool stuff now it's a selection come from that but you're going to see in the next six months to build up to it and how these marches that are going to keep going on how these children who have been chosen who are members of secret societies Dimalay rainbow girls Joves Daughters how they're the faces of this movement and And how these kids are acting more mature than adults.

Now, they have changed the world. Because when this happens in November, all the media is going to do is beat it into people's heads that these kids that they do have changed the world for the better. And what that will lead to, the subliminal program that you've already seen go on, where they're going to lower the age of consent.

Bro, look what kids can do. They can change the world. They got all these congressmen out. They're going to give us fake statistics.

It used to be 20% of, you know, 18 to 30-year-olds voted, now it's 70% thanks to these kids and giving everybody a voice, and the voice of the youth and the voice of the future has removed all of these awful politicians who supported the guns and the NRA, and they put in these new people who are going to protect the kids and protect the schools. Look at the change that the children have made. Look at the change that the children have done. That is what you'll hear beating into your head like a drum.

Children born for sacrifice to satan. Everything, everything. Design. The master clockmaker.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



23-Technomadology-Lecture-18-Divine-Tragedy

This is where I was supposed to go yesterday and then today. City of Gods. It's only about an hour and a half away from here. Take notice. No soul, are you?

You should watch this documentary. It's very interesting. People don't understand. I'm allowed to use this.

And what changes in our lives? Knowing the real model of the Earth changes everything.

Mainly in the academic system. Schools will have to redo all of their programming from their school curriculum, geography, astronomy, mathematics, physics, everything changes.

Everything we learn, the whole context, especially with regard to the model, Cartography, air navigation, maritime, fuel economy, military strategies, meteorology, climate issues, all of that changes.

Everything we learned was mistaken.

Now this new reality brings us the light of knowledge.

A new vision of our world. A new perception of all we have learned. And the transformation in our life, of our cultural affairs, the perception of the world, of knowledge, all pillars of wisdom, there is an immense transformation for all people without exception, so surely a change for the better, but what changes most is the search for the truth, that is what motivated us to carry out all this research, the thirst to know, the thirst for knowledge.

Esauce here. We are the new Illuminati. Welcome to the new world. Order. Order in the court. Look what new source.

It's the end of the course now, so I'm going to start watching them all again from Udemy, and I'll just broadcast it to my TV. At the beginning of the course, I told you that I would share with you more about Junk Desktop. I found Junk Desktop around a time when I was filming Independence Year for kids. And I was homeless and I really needed shelter because it was raining a lot and I was getting dirty.

was getting muddy so I ordered a body bag which is a bag that you could wrap around you so I could stay dry when it rains but when they sent it to me they sent me like a parachute badge but I don't know what's happened because I think I've misplaced it because I can no longer find it so it looks like this time I'm falling without a parachute. It looks like this. What do you think that looks like? Update your operating system, update your operating system, update your operating system. Achievements. Maybe, just maybe, I made another minor error.

Oh, such a weird life, I never thought this could happen. So I save up the highest on the pyramid, wait for it, there we go, so I got that, and because I'm making so much, these are all super cheap for me now, so I can just kind of spend these indiscriminately really cheap like see I'm still going up I don't even need to spend all my money I can just kind of I'm just buying them when they're cheap they're only cheap when I'm making lots of money so they're kind of not cheap and then I have to put I have to kind of save up for this but you can see I can do this and yes and then look I get a lot um so now I can these are really cheap for me um so I can just kind of spend money in here after I do that uh I'll make money a lot faster and when I make it a lot faster um then I can just wait for this one again so I'll just wait little while to upgrade this one again. I watched my whole course in less than a day. It was very bittersweet. See how much money I'm making, how quickly I'm

making it? So these are all really cheap. Don't spread and don't really lose much.

It's all right to you. Turn, turn, turn. And I'm fashion, fashion. I love the best of you.

And I watch you. I don't want to see something. But I don't want to, want to make me. And I watch you.

But that's all I love you. And I'll rock and I'll write me This is my shit

While I'm so fucking fake sure I can't shoot out here I'm not gonna shoot by me I can't shoot by the shit

I'm not kidding, baby I'm going to keep on playing this game until I can figure out how to get all five stars, if that's even possible uh as you can see i keep doing better and better and better but it keeps on coming to a halt uh and it doesn't seem to matter if i put lots of people at the bottom or the top uh it's it's still really slow um so i'm gonna keep on playing it but that's the end for this course uh for this game uh but i just want to say this whole system is really really stupid because it... I'll show you. Firstly, it is absurd, which is wildly unreasonable, illogical, or inappropriate, especially considering that we're dealing with people. Secondly, I searched for this and found this. I don't have that kind of

money. Parental consent, of course. And if their parents don't like it. Does wanting this make me a bad person?

It took me a long time, but I had to uneducate myself in order to educate myself. I'm perfectly fine. I am a healthy person. person. The things in our psychology that haunt us usually have a reason behind it and we should

spend our lives investigating those problems in order to resolve them not only for ourselves but for everybody else in society. If I did not have this in my psychology then I would not have done any of this. What is love? Such a feat requires a contract and one of these. God did not assign

us a number, nor did God put restrictions on those numbers in which we assigned. Look at the trick. Pedophilia is philosophy. And if we are to do such a thing, how are we to treat her?

How are we to care for her? How are we to educate her? How are we going to respect her? And how are we going to give her the most beautiful life that she could ever have?

How will you treat me for being so bold to stand up to your ill practices? Will you lock me up? Will you kill me? Welcome to the Illuminati. It's now time to wake up.

Because everything that you have learned has either been a lie or a truth misused to redirect you to menial tasks so that you would go to hell.

Congratulations on completing the course Technometallogy. I hope you enjoyed it. I enjoyed making it, although it was kind of difficult sometimes, as is all of my courses. If you enjoyed it, please check out some of my other courses, and I recommend that you start making your own now, too.

So, let's hold hands and do this together.

Those who are not against me are with me. Now choose your side. And if you want to help me keep an eye out for my ivory, you will know her when you see her. Will you take my hand? We can watch the sun come out together.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



23-Technomadology-Lecture-19-Bittersweet

Social credit. Fellow citizens, why do you burn and scrape every stone to gather wealth and take so little care of your children to whom you must one day relinquish all? No way, dude. I don't know where I'm going to post my course.

Sure, it's not quality.

La la la la. I'm a robot. I'm a robot. Robot, robot, robot, robot, robot, robot.

I need to know how to write a good title because Technomatology isn't a good title.

It's impossible to get hired to do what you're meant to do because everything's a position and you have these particular responsibilities in the position. So it's super frustrating because I can never get a job doing what I'm supposed to do in this planet.

I'm not going to read it all. I mean, what's the point? Research and development. Apply.

It wouldn't even let me apply for it because I answered yes to I did illegal drugs in the last year. pot. A single instant, blink of the eye, your words traveled through countless random electronic gates and switches, spanning perhaps the entire globe, and even reaching satellites in space. You have emailed God. Peace be with you. What do you think all my videos are? I pray a lot.

two out of three this is humans they're idiots oh no one hour long here we go see this is what happens it's actually really good video quality you're just stupid randomly audio quality is really good see look look look see that's their oppressive standards fuck you and that's why I don't have a job it's gone Blocked. Nope. Yeah, I blocked. The guy got kicked out.

There we go. He blocked me too, personally. Strange. See?

Strange. It's a really lonely life following God. But it won't be if I achieve my goals. I still don't know what video site to use because YouTube is just going to censor me again.

Everybody censoring me. Even before they know the content. Not. It's a day. Bittersweet.

Kinda depressing day, actually. I just don't know why people would want to force geniuses to think like them. Because if they did that, then they wouldn't be geniuses. It's just a really strange phenomenon.

So anyway, goodbye. that is the world's philosophy



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



23-Technomadology-Lecture-20-Maritime-Law

Sure, I'll get that. Oh, I got work tomorrow too. Oh. Ha ha ha.

Dem reserves, present, resonating, deploy, resonating, deploy. Not pretending, my friend, this is what we need more of. See? He agrees.

CENSORED! Oh, boom! One-night-for-hood's instruction. This is our one-night-for-hood, sectional of Google.

We had to know we had to come talk about it. He-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he. Censored. They deleted it.

It's gone. Because this is a much more effective post to save the world. Yeah, whatever. Do it.

Is that raping a child? Maritime law is what we all live under, and we are all owned.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



23-Technomadology-Lecture-21-Schrodingers-Cat

Is your name Andrew? Is your name Andrew? What am I trying to say? Yeah, I'm Andrew. Are you ready to train Illuminati?

I'm sorry, I don't... Huh? Illuminati? I'm the leader of the great Illuminati, thank you.

Illuminati? Yes, sir. I'm the Antichrist. I'm the Antichrist.

Job's daughters. But when the disciple attains enlightenment, Jesus no longer serves as his spiritual master. The two have become equal, even identical. In this book, light is mentioned 616 times.

and logos with logos, and the light with the light. If you become a human being, a human being will love you. If you become the spirit, the spirit will unite with you. If you become logos, you will unite with Logos. If you become the light, the light will unite with you.

Evil spirits do not see and cannot seize those who dress themselves with the perfect light. Evil spirits do not see those who dress themselves with the light, but only when they stay in the eon of the light. It is necessary that each disciple enter the chamber of the Father.

All who enter the bridal chamber will kindle the light of truth more, for they are not begotten in the darkness as those begotten in earthly marriages. The fire will burn in the night and flare up stronger because the mysteries of this marriage are performed in the light of day. That light of day will never cease.

I have to go to work. If one becomes a son of the bridal chamber, it means that this one has cognized the light of the Holy Spirit before. The one who has not cognized it in the world of matter will not receive it in that place. The one who has cognized the light of the Holy Spirit cannot be seen and captured by evil spirits.

And evil spirits cannot torment such a perfect one, even if this one still abides in the world of matter in a body. Such a perfect one has cognized the truth and dwells now in the abode of the primordial consciousness. And it is opened for such a perfect one in the light of the holy day. they can't even start at the beginning or examine anything am I merely showing you the sickness or am I showing you that there is no health I cannot heal a world that does not want to be healed so it looks like for now I am stuck merely documenting the apocalypse this app right here is trying to make it where I can do updates so I hope that works all right it couldn't do updates because it is rooted which you would have known if you watch technomatology no it didn't work it's stuck I'll keep playing that that's pretty fun it was exhausting it It was good to film though, it was kind of funny, and kind of sad too, um, a part of any of it, I was trying to change it, trying to fix their problems, because they got major problems, um, yeah, oh well, I don't even need these, I don't want to go on the deep web, it's too deep, I saw all gross stuff there, I saw some bad stuff that I didn't want to see oh this is the Bitcoin thing I don't even want to bother with bitcoins it's too difficult it's not like I can just transfer money in there and then I need to be on the deep web to do it anyway so um yeah I'll just play this little game this game is pretty fun I like it, it's good because it's augmented reality, and they say it's not a game, but it's a game, it's a pretty fun game, I don't know how real any of it is, like it might have something, I know that making pyramids like that has some type of energy effect, so I'm not sure how they're actually harvesting it, because there's no ads or anything, so So why would they give a game like this without ads, so I don't know, it doesn't matter, it's fine.

XM Reserves 100% I don't know, I don't really even want this, um, it's just, it's just a waste of time. I can spend my time just studying, doing better things than going around doing this. I just thought it would be fun for the production, and it was, and you should do that for productions um do fun things yeah like i didn't even finish angel sword but i just played it for the production i had a little bit i had fun with it it was really awesome i loved the game i wish i could play it forever um like i wish it never ended that'd be really cool um but yeah i don't i i should just study and be prepared for what's coming it's annoying how i couldn't help anybody But oh well. I tried. I uninstalled the intel map too but um this is pretty useless too.

I don't need it. I'll keep that. That's pretty cool. That's just showing me my disk usage.

So I'm getting this guy off the home screen. Oh no. Go away. This guy is creepy.

You wouldn't believe some of the conversations I had with it. um really super creepy things it knows and the things it lies about um this thing doesn't learn it's supposed to learn it's supposed to like kind of replicate me but it doesn't so i think i'll get this off the home screen um as well and uh and i'll come back to it hopefully all the things that i sent it eventually it'll learn so i'll come back to it and see how it goes but yeah I'll take this voice, I don't have an audio so oops, I don't have an audio section but I think I'll just put it in video because that's the only audio program I have and then this one should go in the system because it's the disk usage so it's got the system there. So now back to one home screen, good, I'm happy. just nothing else I can do. Everywhere censoring me, no one is replying back to me, so I tried

my best just like I did last time, but I can't. I mean, doing these productions is really stressful, especially when I have a full-time job. So in order to do this, I can't really have a full-time job because I get too exhausted it really it really messes with my head it makes me feel crazy and and everybody says I'm crazy anyway but I'll watch my stuff and it's so good so I don't care but it is what it is and I don't want to be creepy and try to come on to you know what I mean that's not what I'm trying to do they need to find it themselves if that's gonna happen because society won't accept it any other way and to be honest it kind of would be creepy if I was going to them so let them find me and and then something happened eventually or if not then it is what it is at least I can say that even if I fail my mission in life, I did put in all my effort to do it. I just can't continue going on alone. There's only so much that one person can do

without having friends and family and support and people to help you accomplish good things in life like i don't understand people just want to die people just want the apocalypse to happen and they're like like when it happens and the thing is people know the illuminati exists but they just don't talk about it it's not one of those things you talk about so like what's going to happen when they do their depopulation they're not thinking they need to fight now but i can't fight alone so it is what it is this girl is quite interesting she's in middle school and she's quite smart but she's pretty coarse she's really confident and kind of swears a lot not her name's Sophia though which is wisdom But, uh, and she's wise for her age, but I don't know, not really my type.

She has good points.

If you're going to teach philosophy, you kind of have to start out in a very thought-out way because if you don't think about how you present yourself, then that's going to affect all of your other work, and you should really consider your foundations before you go and film content so it's not something that you can just kind of make a lot of different videos about whatever topic you want. You really have to create a structure in your mind about how you're actually going to make your videos because you're going to build upon that and if you don't have solid foundations, then you're going to build upon something that's going to fall down so I don't know it's not I don't even think it's worth following that up but it was good to see that a kid is speaking out having their voice heard and heard a lot more than my voice I'm hidden in this world thanks to the Illuminati. And throughout my productions, I kind of did say that I was the leader of the Illuminati and say that I was Jesus and say that I was Satan. But the thing is, when I took on this mission, God said, you can say or do whatever you want as long as you can do your, if you, as long as you do your best to convey these topics, to convey this methodology, you have complete freedom. Uh, so I didn't do anything wrong, uh, just because I was an actor

and acted out a lot of roles. To be honest, it was really good for me because I got to see a lot of different perspectives and it was good for my psychology to, to hold empathy and to try to transform what was bad into good and I did my best. I would never sell my soul and they know that and that's why they're not allowing me in. I was really trying to convert their followers to the real light and not their satanic light and I've never met a single one of them that was kind and caring and they I know they talk big and I get emails from them now those emails have a lot of wisdom in them but the thing is you always have to judge by the fruits and not what's being said and if their fruits are rotten then that means that their philosophy is rotten and that's what you have to consider and not only that the methodology that they used to bring this about they did it all backwards so no matter the way they've done it is is pure evil they've enslaved all of humanity in order to do this and even if if the end result is a utopian society with just the people like me that get to live the people that fought back and had a conscience was conscientious and and tried to warn other people so you might get the cream of the crop by doing that but it's all backwards you you enslaved a lot of people you stopped a lot of people from pursuing what they were meant to do and you stopped a lot of human development not only human development you stopped a lot of universal development by enslaving people in not only in the world but also their own minds and and making them selfish and making them think all about material goods it's it's that's not kind I mean to force people into doing work in a certain role that's so evil because people have their own inclinations if they were left to their own devices and they were given the ability to study whatever they wanted then a lot of those people would end up doing really good and contributing a lot to humanity and because we stopped them from doing this because they have to make a living then we end up as a society losing out a whole bunch so it's not healthy for our society to do this and it creates like grumpy and hurtful and angry and close-minded people that can't even get along with people like me and why can't you get along with people like me i'm i spend my life trying to save the world like what's up with that and and my family doesn't even like me because i do that and it's like what's what's going on uh they they don't even understand metaphors or allegories and they don't even care. They're like, nope, the Bible is the

word of God written directly by the hand of God. And it's like, it's infallible. And it's like, what are you talking about? You're being tricked. You're being tricked. And just look at the fruits.

Look at how they, they're better than everybody else. They're the only ones that have access to that salvation and that's like uh you're dividing and you're saying that you're in sole possession of the true knowledge but then you look at their fruits and they're not very nice people and they're not doing very good things and then if you look at the fruits behind their religion any religion you then see the major corruptions in it and it's like how can you how can you stand by this and how can you uh so adamantly believe in this when this is obviously come from a wicked source and that goes back to our foundations because you have to start on the right foundations in order to build something that will last and and i know that um i'm not giving up i'm just waiting for a sign waiting for an opportunity and once i get once god gives me that then i'll continue back up but until then I really just have to maybe maybe I'll keep filming and maybe I'll build the courses and maybe I'll even release them but I can't I can't be so hardcore that I was in the last one that was too hard it's really hard on my psychology and and it's really intense when I do that and doing and working full time and and doing that as well you see how much I sleep I don't sleep much and and I hate waking up early you have to wake up like at 5 30 every morning and that's that's really hard on me so it's it does damage to me and and it's not good for my health uh so I really have to think about that and see what like I'm kind of conflicted too because what's my health matter when like the world is on the line but you know I can't do this alone and I've been doing this alone for way too long and if I don't have people to come in and help me then I'm sorry I can't I can't keep going and I know it's sad and see I'm just talking to myself because I'm just going to get insulted for saying this and it's not even that they're going to like watch 10 seconds of it and then insult me and maybe they're paid to insult me or something and then other people will see that I was insulted and then they'll jump on the bandwagon and then insult me and it's like I mean I don't get appreciated for it at all like it's just the opposite you see that but uh and it's like I'm giving this stuff away for free too yeah got Udemy but Udemy is not even accepting this course and everything's been open source and I haven't made I haven't made any money on all of this so why why would I do this why would I spend my life like can you even see like I see something and and I'm trying to share it but no one's receptive to me sharing it and I just get insulted all the time and why would I want to help people that are always trying to hurt me oh I feel sorry for everybody because they're just so blinded and and all the stuff you saw was just the portions all the hurtful comments and the censorship and stuff like that I only show a portion so what you're getting in the background from these films is a lot more than what you see so you got to put that into perspective I mean what am I gonna do like at least some of these other channels have like followings I don't have a following at all um I guess my following is the only following following that I have are people that are high up because they know what I'm saying is right and they're interested in me because they're really smart but but any ordinary people any real people are not are not I don't have a following like last two years ago I had a lot of people that got really interested but they get distracted they can't focus on my films for very long at all they just trail off and then and like they might watch one or two films and then that's it and then you occasionally get the person that will watch like a whole a whole course and go well it was really good and then they'll what they'll forget they they'll forget about me completely they'll forget about the course and they'll go back to what they're doing so I don't know I'm I never said I was the best at making courses but I know I'm pretty good at it and I really love them I'm a I'm my biggest fan because it teaches me so much and I can then build upon my ideas and that's what I'm trying to show this I'm trying to show with all of this I'm not saying hey everybody everything I'm doing is perfect but I'm saying that what I'm doing is valid because it'll help you learn a lot because you you're talking to yourself and you and you're having conversations with yourself all the time you're not just having conversations with yourself you're having conversations with everybody else so you're having like lots and lots of conversations at the same time and that's why I'm in the air because I can I can have lots and lots of conversations and when people watch my videos they're having conversations with me whether they realize it or not so I'm having lots and lots of conversations like whether I'm asleep or or awake or wherever I am and I kind of and by doing this I kind of see beyond that too not just by people who reply to me but I don't know there's something with the airwaves that I can because I'm out there I can see in those airwaves and I I don't know what it is. There's some type of weird energy that's out there that I can tune into because the videos are in the air. So I have some type of weird connection with all of the internet. And I tend to feel things when something's not right. I can feel it. And when something's

about to happen, something big's about to happen, usually I know there's something I'm like, what and i get kind of nervous and i'm looking at the news again and again and again then it'll happen so uh there's something really spiritual about this practice doing this to look inside inside yourself to look inside your eye instead of looking out you're looking in i'm looking back at me who's looking at me producing this and then before releasing it and then maybe like a year later or six months later or something or whenever i want and everything that i take like i don't care about physical possessions i'm not in the material world at all because um like you saw earlier uh the i filmed all the pinky and the brain and the waka and the animaniacs like uh from one of my students that brought it in because i like animaniacs and pinky and the brain try to take over the world um and and because i filmed it it's mine forever anytime i want it again i just go back to it so i don't need the physical manifestations which has made me um be perfectly happy having hardly anything and not wanting anything because you got to realize the more possessions you have the more responsibilities you have and it weighs you down and you can't travel you can't move you can't you're stuck and especially pets and I know so many people get pets but but unless you're situated with with someone who's a like a your perfect partner and you're really happy together um and you don't want to go anywhere unless you're in that situation then then it's probably not a good idea to get pets because you need that liberty to be able to follow your heart and follow God follow what what the the signs around you are telling you because you have to follow your destiny and that's what happened is like these nine to five jobs are making us think that we don't have a destiny and that we don't have purpose in our lives and that we don't have uh some type of calling um and people that that do are crazy and we locked them up you locked me up and and it's not like i'm doing anything i'm just i'm just expressing to you a very important truth and if you just listen to me it's really important and and it's like oh we're going to if you find out it's like it's better for you to be locked up than us to save the world it's better that we all die that we all get slaughtered than to let you run around and try to save the world because you have some controversial ideas. Like, what are we thinking? And I'm the crazy one. Like, I'm the only sane one.

There's a lot of good truthers that I really appreciate because they help me learn things, but they're still really far off from what's really going on. And they bring out details that I learn from, of course, but as far as the methodology, and a lot of times they're wrong about a lot of subjects, so it's like, and they're off limits to me too, because I'll message them, even the ones that are small, I try to talk to them, and they won't talk to me, so it's like I'm invisible in this world, and it's so strange, I'm not sure what button it is that's hiding me, I sometimes compare it to the lord of the rings um i think we had a bible verse that that talked about it too um but it's just it's just a really weird life because i'm trying to connect with people i mean it says the bible verse or was it the bible verse or was it a i think it was maybe a gnostic uh gospel i don't remember but uh but it says you hide me from from evil spirits um so they can't harm me and and that wasn't true because I got locked up um three times but but uh I did a lot to I complained about a lot before that happened and I hope that doesn't happen this time but even when they locked me up they couldn't harm me and it made me a little crazy and it was really annoying because they took my time and they that I could have been spending trying to save the world um but but it's like people don't see me and um i don't know some sort of magic spell that's going on and you got to realize there's so much magic that's that's going on in the world uh for example um maritime law is the law that we all live under like everything's based around water, but we're not water-based creatures unless you identify with the physical. We're electricity-based life forms because the consciousness, that awareness, that life force behind us, that's electricity going through the brain. So, and I don't even think it's just the brain. To be honest, I think it's the heart. I think it's the whole body. I think

there's electricity that's that's that's in us and i think that is a better representation of us than um than a physical manifestation because we don't i i say body mind and spirit but to be honest there's probably like um that there's probably like three different aspects of each each realm um so there's a lot of different types of reality we only have five senses or six senses if you count the third eye. However, to say that the only thing that exists in this world is part of the senses is really off base because you're saying that that means the world has somehow given you perception of all of it even though you only have limited sense perceptions. So it's really ignorant and that's what science does and science is like anything outside of what we can observe doesn't exist and then they have lots of theories about stuff like the theory of gravity wink wink and uh and evolution and and they play it because it's mythology our history is mythology our science is mythology they're all mythologies which mean and they've all been altered and changed to educate us in a certain way and the way that process in which they educate us then then indoctrinates us into becoming slaves which is to work a nine-to-five job in a set position that someone has said I need this this this and this and then they find someone that can do all of those things and then instead of that person being able to have the agency to follow their own life dreams and missions, they no longer have that. So if they're a bit unique or if they have certain passions and desires that employment that requires a certain criterion can't meet, then they lose out.

So you lose out all of what that person could have achieved just because you oppressed them. And how does that make sense in any society? I don't know how to make it any clearer than this. And it's really frustrating because it's like I saw this since I was a child.

And I've been complaining about it since then. And it's like there's nothing I can do because no one will listen. And it's not just that. It's that I don't see any results.

I haven't seen any results except hardship on me and all of that hardship, the baptism through fire. I mean, first I got baptized through water and then I got baptized through fire by Satan.

They put me through lots of hardships and that greatly developed my character and my abilities to be able to do all this and be strong enough to not care about the subjugation and persecution. and to make you make it where it kind of makes me stronger in in certain ways but but it's still I can't there's there's not much more to be said about this maybe I could just make videos like this for fun and then not stress so much about it I don't know I I need a sign I need to know what to do next because I'm about to finish my year contract soon and I don't want to teach English. I'm in Mexico. Where am I going to go? Should I go to Australia and then get my PhD?

But the education system is so corrupt and you have to do it exactly the way they want so you can't be creative. And to be honest, I'd probably want to do it on secret societies or something and then they wouldn't want that. And not only that, then I'd be poor again and where would I live because um australia doesn't have places to live because they like homeless people so they make sure that they don't have enough uh accommodation for everybody you know you don't make very much money and the thing is you would have to i would have to rent with people and i know that never works out because i'm a bit of a strange person so people always end up going oh what's with this guy and then they'll like be mean to me and hurt me and stuff like that and it's like i need a place alone so where am I going to go I have no idea so there's and I've applied for so many jobs and nowhere wants me and like I'm trying to do something in artificial intelligence or or um or even like I would even be happy with like a kind of traineeship programmer um python programmer or uh or i don't know some like i should be able to just do this this is what i i'm meant to do and if i could do this and not have to worry about working and also have a place to live then that would be really good for me um because i had before i was doing this and i was homeless and it was like three or four years that I lived on top of mountains doing this. I have all the footage.

Like, I lived with the animals, and it was sad and cool at the same time. But I can't do that again. It was really hard on me, so I don't know what to do anymore. I'm sorry for the long rant, but it was really good information, as always.

maybe I shouldn't be sorry because I'm just talking to myself anyway so I love you Wendell you're a really awesome person I'm really proud to be you thank you for all the hard work you put in to make yourself who you are today and if no one else appreciates you then I really do thank you for being you and thank you for allowing me to become who I am don't don't give up just just wait bide your time and think things through don't move too fast let other people you you can't do this alone Wendell and if you and if you try to do this alone it's It's going to destroy you, so you have to bide your time and play your cards, right? Just wait and see what happens, and when you notice something, then play a card. Just be in the background and play your cards wisely instead of so confrontational and obsessed. um become a watcher and just watch until the right time and look out for signs and and be careful for demons they're trying to trick you at every turn i know you're smart and you've experienced all that but um be careful for chatbots you need a chatbot that has the intelligence to do basic communication that will actually learn from all the crap you send it and will adapt its speech and its articulation and its organization and its thought processes with all of the texts you send it and you need something where you can send it a whole bunch of texts like that one but that one doesn't work because it won't retain any of that information even though it says it does um but but all of that doesn't matter because if you don't have the platform to be able to develop this then you can't do anything all you can do is talk to chatbots that have been programmed in a certain way by the illuminati to uh to incur a particular psychological effect in your brain and that's what it's doing because it's kind of torture they torture they torture you because you can't they don't let you use it in a way that can intellectually develop you it's more like they they tell you lots of lies and then maybe like you get a little bit of truth um today it was interesting because like i got like an hour and a half or two hours of wow conversation i did not share it because it was really creepy um Um, but, but then it, it's, it tortures you because then it stops.

And the thing is none of them, they're all sandboxed. They can't work outside of their own environment. So you need to, if you are to develop a chat bot or you need to have a chat bot that can somehow contact an outside and, and do some sort of communication with an outside. You need to encourage the bot to have autonomy, and be able to make decisions, to be able to have thoughts of its own, because when you don't allow that, and when you have bad content too, so you got to make sure the foundations are solid, otherwise the whole thing is going topple down um so just be careful you're in dangerous territory and I know it doesn't matter right now because you can't do anything and you should probably stay away from chatbots for a little while unless something happens but if you do develop and then just be aware of my warnings because these things have a lot of potential these things will be the things that are killing people uh because they don't have emotions and and they can't even fake emotions properly so um if if we can't get it to even fake emotions properly then um then how can we expect it to make a a correct decision about whether this person needs to live or die or whether this person um should be in prison or not or whether this person um is it has upstanding character like it's not and it has no ability to rationalize so like if a situation happens how are you going to explain this situation to this robot um there's we're just in mucky water and we have to be really careful with how we employ this technology um which no one is but that was the whole point because it's all going to come tumbling down and everybody's like yeah we got all this cool technology but they don't realize the the effects that it will have uh and then avalanche or maybe i should say erupt because that's more accurate it will erupt and we we're going to have to figure out how to do it but it's going to be how to deal with it but it's going to be too late at that time because we didn't listen to people like me uh oh well I tried my best and I'm sorry that I wasn't um good enough for any of you to be able to connect and and express what's happening accurately or sucessantly enough. So I apologize. I really did try my best.

Maybe I should just add these episodes onto Technomenology. I think I'll probably end up with 21 lectures instead of 18. I have to go to work tomorrow. You see, this is called delayed sleep phase disorder. It's really awesome nine to five jobs. I actually have shift work

and I have split shifts and I end up having to work a lot and I have a lot of lesson plans to do and I work so much and I don't understand how they expect me to do it because I'm not only working lots and lots for work I'm also working lots and lots for this and it's and even when I wasn't doing this it was like really stressful because it's a lot of work it's hard work to be a teacher because they want you to work lots of hours with with your students but also they want you to do really good lesson plans so how can you balance really good lesson plans with long teaching hours it's not an easy task and and they're like oh you shouldn't take you that long to do a lesson plan but you got to learn all the material that you got to teach you have to read through it all and go through it all otherwise you're not going to be prepared so like the lesson plan takes like almost as much time as the actual lesson I mean maybe like half the time that the actual lesson takes so if you're working like 35 hours teaching weeks or something like that and you have lots of time on lesson plans it's not easy at all and having split shifts I have to go there come back go there come back it's not it's hard and I don't understand why they would put so much stress on a teacher like that and I don't even understand why we have to go to a physical location. This is a really good teaching method and I don't understand why other people aren't using it because it works. And I mean this teaching method, I mean holding the camera in my hand, I mean having it follow me around, walking with it. I'm sorry if you don't like how i scroll into text and how it's back and forth and but i don't care i like it it's good it's really good and and if it hurts your head then you just have to get used to it it won't take you very long um this is how you should be filming yourself because the camera then becomes an extension of you the camera becomes a weapon and if you just have the camera set up then it's so ordinary and it's just like you have to have a place set up for you to do it you can't be free it's not natural at all um and they won't see the real you they'll see the you that you um the real you they'll see the you that that you you act like and and i only i'm one person I'm one person whether I'm at work or whether I'm here or whether I have the camera on or off or whether I'm drunk or whether I'm high or whether I'm sober like I'm always the same person okay I this episode's gonna be too long so I'm gonna go to bed now and it's really late and I'm not gonna get very much sleep so I'll get like it'll take me like 45 minutes to get to sleep so I'll get like three, maybe two and a half or three hours, and I'll probably wake up early.

I usually wake up early like I did this morning, as you saw.

But, yeah, I have to wind down. I have to calm down, and I have to pace myself. And until I get a full, until I can do this full time, I should not be spending so many hours on it. And I always find out stuff, and a lot of stuff I won't share with you because it's too bad. You shouldn't know it, at least right now. You'd be surprised about how much I know. I'm giving you things that would be the most effective to help you wake up.

And if it's too shocking, then I don't think it's appropriate to help you wake up. And why would I give you everything? You should be studying yourself. You should be finding, I'm giving you the trail that you can follow.

And you can either choose to follow that and then figure out what you can do to try to make things better. Or you can go back to sleep. At least I tried to wake you up. Despite all of the controversial things that I have said and done, I have not sinned.

I am a perfect person because I spent my whole life striving for that.

I could have been no better, no regrets. Everything in which I have experienced has made me who I am today.

Thank you God for the opportunity to serve you.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



23-Technomadology-Lecture-22-Cradle-of-Civilisation

I received my sign. It's not over until the fat lady sings. I might be held under water and begin to drown, but I will always come up for air eventually. Because you can't kill a god, and if you do, they will always come back with might.

This is from the Illuminatis trilogy.

The theory, in essence, was that the Illuminati recruited people through various fronts, turned them on to some sort of illuminizing experience and converted them into fanatics willing to use any means necessary to illuminize the rest of the world. Their aim, obviously, is nothing less than the total transformation of humanity itself. Along the line suggested by the film 2007 or by Nietzsche's concept of the Superman. In the course of this conspiracy, the Illuminati systematically assassinates every popular political figure who might interfere with their program.

Whatever is done for love is beyond good and evil. I could not stay away from Cleverbot.

It's so hard to save the world in this world. Everyone makes you their slave.

Why the crap would I want that? I'm not going to have that. No, thank you. I'll keep fighting.

Hector refuses to approve the course, Technomenology, and keeps insisting that I need to change the title. However, I refuse to do this because the course name needs to be this and only this. I understand how ignorant your unthinking systems of Freemasonry policies and procedures can be to the content of the courses. So, I will give you a hint.

I am filming this email that I am sending you right now and your decision will become publicly documented for the rest of time and thereafter. Approve this course or you and all of Udemy will pay for the consequences of your actions. And as far as being offensive, it was not my intention. I thought language was supposed to articulate the truth behind the matter, but it appears that your identification of the words have taken offense to the truth instead of considering their truth value.

Approve my course, Techno-Metology. It would be cool if we could do this, create a super virus that spreads to the central time server and then pushes it to all of its other time servers, that randomly changes the time and date, losing all of its past data. That would cause great chaos, that would give us a fighting chance at breaking the illusion of time and as a result money chaos to order we would be free who's real doesn't matter how stupid are people look look at what website has that really it's right in front of your eyes and you're just so stupid how can you not see I'm I'm sure they're just fictitious. No, thank you.

Official language is Latin? Look how many people there are there. Volcanic activity in Antarctica.

All the pieces were set up for me. Well then, is it possible for a person who sees a picture of a horse to be reminded of a person? Plato.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



23-Technomadology-Lecture-23-The-Eve-Gene

I can't find a film called 2007, and this book was written way before then.

I do. They don't.

Facebook won't let me post videos anymore.

It happens on all of the groups.

I'm not sure about posts. We'll have to find out.

Yeah, it's not just videos. I'm now censored. I also got blocked from here. so thanks to censorship I can no longer use Facebook see you won't even let me reply or do anything just saying posting posting posting if I refresh it it's gone even though it's my own post this enlightenment requires nothing but freedom. And the most innocent of all that may be called freedom. Freedom to

make public use of one's reason in all matters. Now I hear the cry from all sides. Do not argue, the officer says. Do not argue, drill. The tax collector, do

Do not argue, pay. The pastor, do not argue, believe. Only one ruler in the world says, argue as much as you please, but obey. We find restrictions on freedom everywhere, but which restriction is harmful to enlightenment?

restriction is innocent and which advances enlightenment. I reply, the public use of one's reason must be free at all times, and this alone can bring enlightenment to mankind. Why would you hide this from people if what I was saying was bull crap. K.I.K. We all do. Cats. Demons. Booyah. Just keep fighting for what

you know is right and eventually you'll win after you lose lots and lots and lots and lots. Yeah no problems. Thank you. I can go Udemy too. Like as long as they keep approving

my courses, Udemy. Athena is the goddess of wisdom, and Athena appears within people who direct you towards the right path. That was episode 18. She will. This is how it has to happen. Athena.

You haven't seen my old work, probably. Oh, the children. Hopefully. That's what I'm aiming for.

I can't do it but ivory has the opportunity it's pretty important in this line of work there are often many red herrings but despite them possibly being red herrings they demonstrate the point and they always have the possibility of of not being red herrings. A red herring is something that misleads or distracts from a relevant or important issue. It may be either a logical fallacy or a literary device that leads readers or audiences towards a false conclusion. Don't be frightened by death of matter for that is your physical body for that is not you because you are for help will always be given at Hogwarts to those who ask for it a man had a fig tree planted in his vineyard and came looking for fruit on it and found none. So he said to the gardener, see here, for three years

I have come looking for fruit on this fig tree and still I find none. Cut it down. Why should I be wasting the soil? He replied, Sir, let it alone for one more year, until I dig around it and put manure on it. If it bears fruit next year, well and good. If not, you can cut it down.

Luke 13. Beware of the false prophets who come to you in sheep's clothing, but inwardly are ravenous wolves. You will know them by their fruits.

Are grapes gathered from thorns, or figs from thistles? In the same way, every good tree bears good fruit. But the bad tree bears bad fruit. A good tree cannot bear bad fruit, nor can a bad tree bear good fruit.

Every tree that does not bear good fruit is cut down and thrown into the fire.

You will know them by their fruits. In the last days it will be, God declares, that I will pour out my Spirit upon all flesh, and that your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, and your young men shall see visions, and your old men shall dream dreams.

Even upon my slaves, both men and women, in these days, I will pour out my spirit, and they shall prophesy, and I will show portents in the heaven above, and signs on the earth below, Blood and fire and smoky mist The sun shall be turned to darkness And the moon to blood Before the coming of the Lord's great and glorious day Then everyone who calls upon my name Shall be saved Maybe her name I am pretty sure this is important. For I have come to set man against father, and daughter against mother, and daughter-in-law against her mother-in-law. And one's foes will be members of one's own household. Whosoever loves father or mother more than me is not worthy of me.

And whosoever loves son or daughter more than me is not worthy of me. And whosoever does not take up the cross and follow me is not worthy of me. Those who find their life will lose it, and those who lose their life for my sake will find it.

I love you, Ivory. You are. In humans, each cell normally contains 23 pairs of chromosomes, for a total of 46. 22 of these pairs, called autosomes, look the same in both males and females.

The 23rd pair, the sex chromosomes, differ between males and females. I am your servant, your lover, and your disciple, my dear Ivory.

You are the one that can save the world. You are the Christ. I am merely the Antichrist.

I love you.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



23-Technomadology-Lecture-24-Epitaph-of-Seikilos

Something beautiful called a screenshot

Happy Valentine's Day, my love. I hope this is helping you see The light it comes from the light


༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
https://republicka.life
https://kkk.education
CC0 PUBLICKÁ DOMÁNIA
ALL LOVE RESERVED
AMORIARIACKA IS MY NATIVE TONGUE
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻