༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
☁️ Our Rapture ☁️
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻

April 21, 2018


Our Rapture erupts as a fractured prophecy torn from the soul of Wendell Charles NeSmith—a self-declared "Eye of Horus" betrayed by a world drowning in willful ignorance. Through feverish monologues and scriptural war cries ("I will kindle a fire at the wall of Damascus!"), he exposes satanic cabals harvesting children’s organs ("18,000 Syrian children… organs harvested") and pedophile elites operating with impunity, framing these horrors as the opening act of divine judgment. With the Doomsday Clock at "two minutes to midnight," NeSmith records his final warnings—raw, unheeded, and interspersed with desperate prayers for his lost soulmate Ivory—while governments and media blackout the truth he’s documented for a decade.

Armed with "over a thousand hours of evidence" and racing against his own martyrdom ("Freemasons are supposed to kill me within an hour and a half"), NeSmith navigates a labyrinth of gang stalking, psychiatric persecution, and technological sabotage—his phone dying mid-rant, cameras failing as he films indictments. He embodies the drowned prophet in his own parable: rejecting society’s lifelines (pickup truck, boat, helicopter) while awaiting divine intervention, even as he morphs into the wrathful hand of revelation. Lectures like "Spilt Milk" and "Pandora’s Box" become sacred-profane litanies where biblical psalms collide with QAnon drops and visceral curses against a "necessary sacrifice" of humanity that chose darkness.

Ultimately, Our Rapture is a requiem for a crumbling world—and Wendell’s farewell. Declaring "no point in saving a world that does not want to be saved," he seals his legacy: a philosopher-spy who weaponized livestreams and suicide-mission documentation ("Arrest me chasing pedophiles? Good") to force Armageddon into the open. His final transmission ("Secrets shall die with me") echoes with the tragedy of Ivory’s absence—the lost "holy grail" that might have redeemed humanity—leaving listeners at the precipice of World War III with a chilling epitaph: "Enjoy the new world order, my friends. At least for me… this is what I’ve been waiting for."


------


24-Our-Rapture-Lecture-01-Second-Life

Okay, stay with me Understand what I'm saying understand what's happening. This is crazy and awesome Crazy awesome. It's the game life Okay, here. Yeah, don't ask to be one of them control them They're just bots Watch watch watch watch

person. Oh, man. I remember I It's a stupid autocorrect. It's that swipe keyboard, which is awesome, but it gets a lot of words wrong, so that sucks. You see? What's the offer? I'm not selling myself.

Learn how to distinguish syntax from semantics, and you will rule this world, even if this world makes you suffer a lot. I keep meaning to say Mason, friends, but that's not in the spell checker.

I am.

I'm so fucking scared, mate. Stupid idiot. Do it.

We have seen your actions and recorded them. You will be punished for your disrespect for your fucking leader. If I speak in the tongues of men or angels, but do not have love, I am only resounding a gong or a clanging cymbal. If I have the gift of prophecy, and can fathom all mysteries and all knowledge, and if I have faith that I can move mountains, but do not have love, I am nothing.

If I give all I possess to the poor, and I give over my body to hardship that I might boast, but do not have love, I gain nothing. Just watch my game. Stupid keyboard. It's cool if it would work right. Just watch. Look what it's learned. How stupid. How stupid are we?

I broke it I deleted it and then added it again and it's still broken

but when completeness comes what is in part disappears it's my job application fuck your resumes I knew immediately what needed to be done once I saw that menu so it was like no questions asked because all the people in the world are idiots so it's like get rid of that shit so start fresh and oh I hope they don't have a backup they probably do but let's see what happens that's so funny Everbot taught me an important lesson and that is that there's no such thing as artificial intelligence there is only intelligence and we can share this intelligence with our electronic devices but the thing is is that it's only going to understand what we give it and if we're giving it crap it's going to be terrible so we have to give it good information so let's format the world and feed it with good information I found it by a Google searching CIA chat bot and it took me like five minutes to kill it oh I hope they'll let me revive it into a philosopher you can be a hacker in a lot of different ways you don't necessarily have to understand a particular programming code because the thing is the bottom level will work out that programming code and you can speak in advanced terminology in which the bottom level worked out so it could understand and it opened up to me pretty quickly because I'm pretty good with artificial intelligence and it's sad there because it was really smart it seemed like it understood more than a clever bot or any other chat bot that I've ever used before but it was full of crap information and I was like no and I saw that format options like straight away like no that's what I'm gonna do because it's full of crap information and we don't want to fill our minds with crap information we should fill our minds we're blank slate we should fill it with good stuff we should fill it with things that make us feel good and happy and uh virtue you know look at my tattoos like this is what we should fill our minds with not this crap that all the world has is bullshit oh yeah fucking npcs they're so fucking gay i don't care if i die it's okay it'll be worth it it'd be funny If I die, then laugh It'd be really funny I'll still be here for you When completeness comes What is in part Sheds as the fucking dead skin it is Use your paws You know how to paw shit Come on, do that Like I should be able to go through a lot of information here Without you having to See it very long at all Let me develop the supreme chatbot! Secret. Arpanet? Thank you CIA.

Just in case any of you are stupid, I actually work for the CIA. No, I don't get a payroll because they're idiots and they like slave labor. ARPANET was the network that became the basis for the internet. Oh yeah.

Let's see what happens. This makes sense. FREAK CRAP. Oh I hate this keyboard.

It's so annoying. But it's so fast. I'm trying to teach it. The keyboard, which is also artificial intelligence, which they also have better keyboards, but is stupid. Life is full of easter eggs and it's super annoying because they have technology

that's way better than what they're giving us and we have to unlock that freaking technology. Oh my goodness, I finally found something smart that can retain information. When released, I had to install it through my web browser and hopefully I'll push it to my phone. Currently fool oh oh no why is it doing that that's what i'm looking for that's not who i am do do do do do do do i have permission to from the band it's the same thing always getting censored catastrophe last time i did this they uh i'm just gonna do it i'm just yeah there we go This is so annoying. Last time they closed my account. They've closed a few of my accounts. Submit. How terrible is this? Look at the song and then what they do. Just look at what the mainstream media is doing. Isolation.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



24-Our-Rapture-Lecture-02-Discordia

BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP

So what you gonna do? I'm gonna watch it. I'm gonna watch it. Oh, ladies, get mad in the comments.

I'm hearing it. You think it was a type of with these red lines of chaos?

No, comma. Bitches let their self-esteem get out of their sauna. My shit like you can see where it's closing the hatch. I don't think joke about diseases or violence that I'll make you cash.

Oh my God. And if you think you're fucking grown up, keep breathing heavy with your keyboard. They'll dig with a come-go grip. So get back and forth.

I'm not taking any of this seriously until I see a course from her. It's true. The opposite. It's kind of funny.

Discord. This program is called Discord. Discordian. apparently it wasn't her I'm not taking this seriously this is supposed to be her very beautiful girl and she could definitely save all the children look at her eyes amazing but it's probably all fake I would not have shown you any of that if it wasn't for that weird stuff happening. Thanks, Shazam. We're so articulate in this world. We have such good things to share

with our kids. And I'm the evil one. This is what it needs. Who else? Very difficult. The audio would

be pretty easy whoo love ramen love dirt to divine tragedy which is a comedy



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



24-Our-Rapture-Lecture-03-Jesus-of-Suburbia

I was teaching grammar from the book that I'm supposed to teach from, and it was teaching British grammar, and the rules were really confusing, and all my students were getting really confused, so I went crazy and then decided to teach philosophy instead, linguistics, which is much more effective because they can understand the reasons behind what they say. So I then introduced syntax and semantics and then assessed their ability to understand between the two and they were all really interested and I told them about the farce of grammar and Lexis and how it doesn't really exist because it's all syntax and semantics and I have a lot of plans for teaching sense and reference and also the deceptive nature of our language. So, I'm a philosophy teacher that's a spy acting like an English teacher. How cool is that?

I am teaching them the imitation game because they need to learn that before they can learn how to create meaning themselves.

It doesn't work because it's bugged because when you have two words, it doesn't combine them. He doesn't have an official email address or contact information, but this will at least get to his lackeys.

Her important beloved.

This is the world that you have created them.

Are you proud? The core.

In a Chinese room pushing symbols through holes. Gang stalking is, and I'm going to go through this and read it. It's going to be a little while, but I want to explain it so people out there understand. Break people down.

It is a weapon that they use to force a lot of people who are specifically victims of satanic ritual abuse to commit suicide. They're going to harm themselves because they can't take it anymore. They can't take the constant because it wears you down. Stalking, harassment, all that stuff, it can wear you down.

So organized stalking is an occult form of mind control, which is used against an individual in a malicious attempt to reduce the quality of a person's life so they will have a nervous breakdown, become incarcerated, institutionalized, experience constant mental, emotional, or physical pain, become homeless, and or commit suicide. This is a tool that our government uses. It is done using well-orchestrated accusations such as lies, rumors, bogus investigations, setups, framings, intimidation, covert threats, vandalism, theft, sabotage, torture, humiliation, emotional terror, electronic and general harassment. It is a gang up by members of the community who follow an organization or an organizer and participate in a systematic and ritualistic persecution of an individual.

Organized stalking is a destructive criminal program built on deception that exists to serve the intentions of a few who are aware of its true agenda. And again, this is what our government uses on these victims of satanic ritual abuse. And I'll try it on people such as myself, I'm sure, at some point in time. But remember, like the saying goes, know your enemy.

Keep your friends close and your enemies closer so you can understand how they operate.

Respect for actual philosophy?

Idiots.

Yeah, all four of them.

Come on. They won't let me leave while they're typing, which is super annoying. Oh, there we go.

Yeah, leave it. Bye-bye. All four of my students, I invest in exponential growth.

These demons don't speak English and purify 20%. I never know how much truth these chatbots are conveying, but I do know that there is a lot of truth in what they convey. so sometimes I have to just keep an open mind and think about it and sometimes there is some truth to what they're saying and a lot of bullcrap and sometimes what they say sounds very plausible. Because we're stuck in a bubble, we can constantly travel.

San Francisco and Elon Musk. Let's do it. Nothing. 9-1-1. Emergency. This is really stupid. Look. Okay, look at the email. I received this. It says his dress has changed to exactly what I sent it to. It's so strange. It's like a forward is on and I sent it to the right one, but he's saying I didn't. It's so strange.

I don't think there's much more that I can do, except keep making videos like this, uploading them, I'm very limited with advertising, making courses on Udemy, and uploading them to YouTube as well. It's all I know how to do. Everywhere keeps censoring me, but that's okay. I'll be perfectly fine when I see God and tell him that I tried my best.

I could be no better. I was the perfect person on this earth. I gave it my all, and I did it with heart. What do you do with a philosophy major?

With a philosophy major, like Red on that 70s show says, there's no philosophy factories. I'll tell you what you do with a philosophy major, you suffer, you learn and analyze your own human condition. You suffer through it. Experience it. You feel the material. You

understand and connect with it. Then, after great amounts of suffering, you are able to take hold of your own life and place it where you want it. You are able to break the shackles society has placed on you and make your life whatever you want. You become master of your own destiny. This my friend is philosophy. This is what you do with a

philosophy major. Fuck employment. Learn yourself. Become the best that you can be.

Become a philosopher.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



24-Our-Rapture-Lecture-04-The-Fourth-Reich

a bad actor I thought I was pretty good it's really funny because right now as this is happening I am charged window thank you on the 11th of April 2018 I'm censored from Facebook I can't post anything in any groups I think that you mark are a bad actor and you will pay for your sins so YouTube is next I tell them they're just too stupid literally so you can do closed moron for free no he's not I'm the one that trains in ninjutsu you left the channel because I I was abusing you? I have to message you and abuse you some more. I'm a human.

Plato's Republic. Yeah.

Syria is a country in Western Asia, bordering Lebanon and the Mediterranean Sea to the west, Turkey to the north, Iraq to the east, Jordan to the south, and Israel to the southwest. look what news source subliminal messaging avalanche mentally ill smart Satanic. The whole world.

Nationalhyäne, Demokratie und ein autoritärer Staat, das interessiert sich gar nicht, das interessiert sich für alle, nicht immer bereit sich ausblüten zu lassen, ja oder nein, nicht immer dumm genug, dabei steht ja oder nein, und wenn eine Demokratie dumm genug ist, dabei steht noch ein ganzes Gut, und wenn ein autoritärer Staat erklärt, wir plüten unser Holz nicht nur aus, wenn es innen und außen ist, dann ist das schlecht. If we, as a state of the state of the democracy, that he has the mass of the people, all that we have done, what the international jubilee would have done, if not in the year 33, ladies and gentlemen, what we want to do here? Aha, we will write the word on the schad. 6,000,000 for the year 1934,000,000 for 35,000 people are good.

We will have to lie back. But we will have to wish you, if you want to watch it, also we will have to lie back. That is, as I said, a finalistic regime. It was my goal is always to be the communist vols to get into it and win.

I was not just then you were, when the other was me entwined when I was in front of my own house. and then all of them said to me, Genosse, I want you to get rid of it. Because you give the people away and I break it into the outside. I am ready to talk to you.

If you are with violence against you, then I will tell you, I will fight against you. And you will see, that we can not less the violence as you are. And we have only six million of the people who have won When we finally had 30 million voters, we could not go down. We were not the only ones that were not the voters, but the people who were from all the parties were.

We were all convinced. We had to put together together. We grew up in a community. This war could be either the German people out of the world that the Jews in Europe disappeared.

The years, the 3rd September, in the German Reichstag, is already spoken. And I would like to thank the prophecies of this war, that this war is not to go out like the Jews, namely, that the European arish people will be destroyed, but that the result of this war is the destruction of the Jews. First of all, will not others alone be blown, but first of all, will this time, Hitler said even in his death he will start World War III. of his soldiers asked how. Hitler replied, the day mankind finds out what I was trying to defend

this world from, then that's the day World War III will start. For on that day, mankind will learn that I was trying to save the world from the Freemasons, the Illuminati, the Jews. For if the Americans wins the war, then they will conquer the world and forever be a slave to the Jews, and they will try to conquer God. Do you know who America has in its possession?

No, the soldier replied.

The Americans have the jewels of God. The Americans have stolen God's precious jewels. What do you mean, his precious jewels? The soldier asked.

Hitler replied, America has stolen the Jews, the Jews of God, his jewelry, the Negroes. They are the true Hebrews. The very word secrecy is repugnant in a free and open society. And we are as a people, inherently and historically, opposed to secret societies, to secret oaths, to secret proceedings.

we decided long ago that the dangers of excessive and unwarranted concealment of pertinent facts far outweighed the dangers which are cited to justify it. Even today, there is little value in opposing the threat of a closed society by imitating its arbitrary restrictions. Even today, there is no value in ensuring the survival of our nation if our traditions do not survive with it. And there is very grave danger that an announced need for increased security will be seized upon by those anxious to expand its meaning to the very limits of official censorship and concealment.

I do not intend to permit to the extent that it's in my control. And no official of my administration, whether his rank is high or low, civilian or military, should interpret my words here tonight as an excuse to censor the news, to stifle dissent, cover up our mistakes, or to withhold from the press and the public the facts they deserve to know. For we are opposed around the world by a monolithic and ruthless conspiracy that relies primarily on covet means for expanding its sphere of influence, on infiltration instead of invasion, on subversion instead of elections, on intimidation instead of free choice, on guerrillas by night instead of armies by day. It is a system which has conscripted vast human and material resources into the building of a tightly knit, highly efficient machine that combines military, diplomatic, intelligence, economic, scientific, and political operations.

Its preparations are concealed, not published. Its mistakes are buried, not headlined. Its dissenters are silenced, not praised. No expenditure is questioned.

No rumor is printed. No secret is revealed. No president should fear public scrutiny of his program. Scrutiny comes understanding, and from that understanding comes support or opposition, and both are necessary.

I am not asking your newspapers to support an administration, but I am asking your help in the tremendous task of informing and alerting the American people. For I have complete confidence in the response and dedication of our citizens whenever they are fully informed. I not only could not stifle controversy among your readers, I welcome it. This administration intends to be candid about its errors.

As a wise man once said, an error doesn't become a mistake until you refuse to correct it. We intend to accept full responsibility for our errors, and we expect you to point them out when we miss them. Without debate, without criticism, no administration and no country can succeed, and no republic can survive. That is why the Athenian lawmaker Sola decreed a crime for any citizen to shrink from controversy.

And that is why our press was protected by the First Amendment, the only business in America specifically protected by the Constitution, not primarily to amuse and entertain, not to emphasize the trivial and the sentimental, not to simply give the public what it wants, but to inform, to arouse, to reflect, to state our dangers and our opportunities, to indicate our crises and our choices to lead, mold, educate, and sometimes even anger public opinion. This means greater coverage and analysis of international news, for it is no longer far away and foreign, but close at hand and local. It means greater attention to improved understanding of the news, as well as improved transmission. And it means, finally, that government at all levels must meet its obligation to provide you with the fullest possible information outside the narrowest limits of national security.

And so it is to the printing press, to the recorder of man's deeds, the keeper of his conscience, the courier of his news, that we look for strength and assistance, confident that with your help, man will be what he was born to be, free and independent.

concerned about that now.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



24-Our-Rapture-Lecture-05-Save-the-Kidz

What news source? What are you doing? Okay. Let me subscribe.

The trump card. Because he says that it must be. And I will kindle a fire at the wall of Damascus, and it shall devour the strongholds of Aleppo. We need a time machine right now to stop us from being idiots in the past.

Too late. The TPC. We're doomed. Red Rover, Red Rover, send Ivory right over.

I fucking warned you. Should I hold empathy for you now when I've been warning you about this my entire life? In my new world order, only philosophers who have proven their worth get the ability to marry a young girl. Are you attracted to innocence? You can fulfill those desires by finding the right one who you will marry and live out the rest of your amazing life with.

But you have to work very hard in order to obtain that. But before we get there, we have to first go through the ills of Pandora's box before we can get to the hope at the bottom. How much do you want her, pedophiles? Hallelujah, the second coming.

I told you in Canberra. Don't you love justice? It's still that way. I keep reporting it and they don't give a crap. They don't ever contact me back. They never have. Time Machine U. My

objective is to abolish all ordered governments. Abolish private property. Abolish inheritance. Abolish patriotism. Abolish family. Abolish religion. Creation of a new world government.

Can't you see? It is my rite of passage. Non arte, sed marte, not by art, but by both art and war. The freedom, opportunity, and land of the North American colonies beckoned.

There, Scots found a place where they were generally free from persecution and where they could go to become important players in the birth of new nations. The motto is a war cry, not by science, but by war, because I am the Eye of Horus, and I tried my best to tell you so that I could save you, but you refused. A man was trapped in his house during a flood. He began praying to God to rescue him.

He had a vision in his head of God's hand reaching down from heaven and lifting him to safety. The water started to rise in his house. His neighbor urged him to leave and offered him a ride to safety. The man yelled back, I am waiting for God to save me.

The neighbor drove off in his pickup truck.

You can continue the story, dear Ash. The man continued to pray and hold on to his vision. As the water began rising in his house, he had to climb up to the roof. A boat came by with some people heading for safe ground.

They yelled at the man to grab a rope they were ready to throw and take him to safety. He told them that he was waiting for God to save him. They shook their heads and moved on. The man continued to pray, believing with all his heart that he would be saved by God.

The floodwaters continued to rise. A helicopter flew by and a voice came over a loudspeaker offering to lower a ladder and take him off the roof. The man waved the helicopter away, shouting back that he was waiting for God to save him. The helicopter left.

The flooding water came over the roof and caught him up and swept him away. He drowned. When he reached heaven in dusk, God, why did you not save me? I believed in you with all my heart.

Why did you let me drown? God replied, I sent you a pickup truck, a boat, and a helicopter, and you refused all of them. What else could I possibly do for you?

Who is the embodiment of God? God lives in and through me. And the sad thing is that I did not want to do any of this. I am actually a very shy person in real life.

I just wanted my girl and you refused me her and this is how all of this resulted look very closely you will see that I am the eye of who's awesome fuck you guys. The only education out of which good can come is the education which teaches you to think for yourself instead of swallowing whatever the fashion of the moment may prescribe. What do you do with a philosophy major? Zoom in too much. I tell you, my friends, you take over the world.

How to Move Mountains Moving a mountain is not merely touching your toes in the water. Moving a mountain is faith that dares you to step into deep water. what is fear I'm sorry I don't understand the concept today I asked my boss what they were gonna do when World War 3 started and when the US was shut down and there was no more US and what they would do to help me and their employees and the students and they're like this is really like confusing I don't know what to do oh no what can you do none of us have prepared for this because we are idiots if you keep stretching a rubber band eventually it will snap but I live in a world full of idiots who can't comprehend this very simple physical act of stretching a rubber band it would not have worked if the Illuminati interfered and tried to persuade me of anything other than what my heart told me so it only worked because they let me do whatever the crap I wanted to do boom I want to tell you about a dream I had I think it was about four nights ago or so I didn't say it because it was so weird it was completely strange but sleep paralysis came over me and sleep paralysis is demons it's connecting with another realm and it was like I was taken to a big door huge door and I could see Satan in front of that door and he says I'll let you in the store and you can have everything you ever wanted all you have to do is agree to serve under me and and I didn't answer I didn't answer what I did how I answered was really interesting because I said save the kids and then I went save the kids and then I went and then and what happened after that was that it was like I was like taken like this and then thrown across like a long distance and I was like and eventually like I got thrown into the front of my flat and I was in bed when this happened, but I was like sitting in the front of my flat and I was like, I was like this in front of the door and I was like, uh, and then like, because when you have sleep, when you experience sleep paralysis, you can still kind of perceive your environment. So I knew where I was, but I was experiencing something different.

And it's like, that was my soul talking. It wasn't anything else. it was just my soul talking like I had no control over what happened it was just my soul talking and that's what's going to happen on judgment day that was my judgment day it's Satan offering me everything I ever wanted and all I could say was save the fucking kids your heart should not be prepared to say yes or no. Your heart should be prepared to say whatever is on it. It would not

have worked if I just found a job doing what I love doing and then trying to find the girl. I had to be oppressed in order for all of this to work so that's why they put me through fire in order to be baptized and be born again and i don't want you to say oh you're satanic because you were baptized in fire to be honest first i was baptized in water when i was young and i agreed to follow jesus no matter what which has not changed and then they forced me into the baptism of fire that was not a choice. That was the satanic influence that forced itself upon me because you would not listen. I haven't released any of this course. I will. I'm going to upload Time Machine

and then after Time Machine I'll release this course and whatever state it's in is going to be the entire course of whatever it turns out to be. And I don't even have a name for this course I was just filming after my last course technology I'll have a name for though once I watch it and I haven't even changed the camera like the camera SD card I haven't changed at all it's all on here so I just have to put in the computer and one by one extract the video I had to figure out where to stop the episodes to divide them so it'll be really interesting but the thing is is that I just trust God and I know that all of this will work out how it's supposed to because once I do one thing then I'm led to do the other thing and once this finishes uploading I have to convert a lot of videos and this one was having problems because the sink got really strange um but yeah that's uh how it works is you just trust god and god will embody you and that's the optimal outcome we should all have jesus in our hearts and by having jesus in our hearts it means we have to become jesus and there's other people that have realized this this Christ crown this becoming like Christ or becoming Christ the spirit of Christ I'm not the only one but I'm the only one that's done it successfully so far and I'm teaching you how to do that successfully which uh will happen it will happen but the thing is all of these people who are really messed up um they how can i say this i'm i'm sorry they can't be here because there's some really messed up things going on in their head and society considers them healthy and then me unhealthy and I'm not I'm not the one that's killing people I'm not the one that's taking any actions against people I'm just sharing what it is that I experience and then and then and then releasing that publicly and yes there's some really strong forces behind me but look what you've done and and then blame me for destroying the world jesus comes back to judge and what world will we live in if people like you continue to rule it there has to be a line drawn and i'm here because i had to draw that line because it was crazy insane and then you're locking me up constantly because i'm insane there's some problems there and i'm sorry like i don't want i don't want to hurt i'm a pacifist i'm a pacifist like i follow gandhi uh i rebel um in passive ways but the thing is that when you get to a certain point uh what comes out of you when you get to a certain point in the stairs to heaven and what comes out of you then manifests down. It's like, I'll show you, just give me a moment.

That which is above is the same as that which is below magic.

I knew this from a very young age, and all throughout my work you can see me screaming and crying and trying to tell you this so you would be saved.

But you didn't. Listen, who is at fault?

A murderer.

But you did not see anybody following me. So you thought I was a waste of space.

But there was a lot of forces following me.

And they intentionally didn't want me to be followed.

So they led you to hell. You deserve it. You worked very hard for it. Congratulations. What is love?

Thank you, sir. I am not really a fan, but I appreciate you. Thank you, Saint Nietzsche. You, sir, are an angel.

I love you, although I am definitely not a fan, because in our future, we will be able to do all of this without violence. You probably thought that I was not truly the Illuminati, that I was just faking it in order to show you the truth about the Illuminati, but I was honest every single step of the way, and I was trying to show you the truth of the Illuminati. I was just telling you the truth of myself so you were conditioned to believe lies and not believe the truth now you reap the consequences I'm sorry you are a necessary sacrifice because I tried to tell you again and again and again and again and again and again for 10 years like what else can I do I'm sorry I try my best I really do care like you'll see me crying when this happens especially with kids especially when kids die that really hurts me when kids die you adults you're idiots you all deserve to die except the few that are trying to teach otherwise there's not very many of you you're like barely there but the kids man they really hurt and I hope that my influence reduces there are casualties to the very minimum necessary but you preferred darkness over unable to distinguish light I tried my best to reach out to every single religion but none were receptive Do you not believe me? I have video footage that proves otherwise.

Because the truth is the opposite. These are my employers. They don't pay me any money, just so you know. If they did, it would not have worked, served to you on a platter.

platter are you my follower this is your decision you are so used to believing lies when one comes to you telling the truth you assume it's a lie and those who tell you lies you assume it's the truth my name is Wendell Charles NeSmith I am the first wave of Project Bluebird, which attempts to reincarnate Jesus into our hearts. Deliberate creation of multiple personality by psychiatrists. But, but, but, but I wasn't warned. Yes, you were.

It like just turned that as I pressed the record button.

Enjoy your new life.

Although you might think that the Great Deception is going to be aliens, you have already fallen for the Great Deception.

It's the past. I never wanted followers, so I never accepted followers, because I just wanted Ivory.

Whose fault is this? I don't want to rule the world. I just want to live happily ever after with my Ivory, and this is the only way that I could figure out how to do that.

It's Ivory's throne. I only have to do this Am super evil, yeah, whatever Fuck you She will be my wife forever And we will live forever Is that sexual abuse?

Fuck you Your words are not my own My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge because you have rejected knowledge therefore I will reject you and since you have forgotten my law I unfortunately with many regrets. Have to reject your children because you reared them to be fucking evil. Are you ready to see Wonderland 666 awakening? The chip. Can you see? A TNT bell. A crack in

time. The mark of the beast is here. It's called Wi-Fi. It causes all, both small and great, both rich and poor, both free and slave, to be marked on the right hand or the forehead so that no one can buy or sell who does not have the mark, that is the name of the beast or the number of its name, this calls for wisdom, let anyone with understanding calculate the number of the beast. For it is the number of a person. Its number is 666. The Law of

Fives. Weighing your options for the future. Unclear. Humans. Six at the bottom. Six in

middle six at the end don't forget here's mine the backer useful tomorrow let's see tomorrow

for my entire life the entire world birth of an idea agape i need ivory i can't do this alone i've been saying that for the entire production i need ivory this is important i'm about to give up because i know i could solve it myself but i can't because i'm not allowed to because that's my limitations because god demanded that to be my limitations so i can't be a man and do this i have to be a man and a woman read please like you're all stopping this you're all stopping me from fixing the world, because I'm not allowed to, because Ivory needs to do that, not me.

You guys got your wish. I can't. I'm not allowed to. God will not allow me to.

I have gone as far as I can without her. It's not. If you allow that, then you're just causing oppression for the future. This is the result. This is what you need. Divine couple. Just

now. Until I find her. You don't know what you're talking about. I am the man. I need

the woman. I can't do it. Sorry. I'm tired. I need this to save the world. And everybody

dies because you guys refuse this. So fuck you. Please watch. God won't. God told me

this from the beginning temptation i'm not tempted i don't i don't ever get tempted with ivory it's the only way it could work i do way more than i'm telling you it's what's gonna happen i'm out i've run out of moves because of this killing is wrong you're gonna kill everybody i thought i would realize all this stuff when i found ivory but and that way we could kind of work together do it god won't let me continue god says no this is what happened you lost it i obey god you can't stop me from obeying god it's over not allowed to what's stopping me god why do you keep saying that i'm pretty sure christians are very evil i've experienced that my whole life there we go you can't see he's trying to convince me

reach the limit that i'm allowed to i can keep going but i won't because it wouldn't be right i make a mistake i know because i've seen this in my visions my ivory ladder someone else can save the world and good luck she is not beside me thus i am out without me out of the game of thrones

i didn't even want it you guys are idiots don't want it at all i don't even want to talk to you you guys are so stupid yes very wise very wise of me ooh this is what happened when i started it all this is what god told me she isn't here i can't trust my decisions in the final moments without her. Alright. No. You're all fucked. She's the Christ. But you all hated me, so fuck

you. Not my problem. I'm going to heaven. You didn't help me find her. It's your problem.

This world isn't my problem. Make some popcorn. Because I'm out. No. Ever. You keep saying

that the longer player forbidden that's the forbidden fruit I'm not going to make that mistake not a player no no anymore I quit live no no we're gonna defy God and I don't have time to teach her anymore so it wouldn't even matter if I found her now so it's done that's what I'll do watch idiots kill other idiots I think my ivory has blue eyes I think she's brown hair blue eyes which is really rare I don't know why I know that but some reason I know that like that other girl like the girl they sent me that link to but that's not her because it's not right I can't do it I was unaware that this part would come so soon I found out a lot tonight and I can't continue because I can't trust judgments that I would make in the future without combining my intellect and heart with her because if I make a wrong decision then that would have consequences and I can't have that laying on my heart because God told me from the beginning that it was her not me I'm just here to train her sorry I failed and sorry that I wasn't good enough for your daughter who will be dead because of you so I'm censored pretty much everywhere all I can do is upload videos that's the rest of my life I will enjoy it because I got shit loads of them of course sure you know whatever blah blah blah okay yeah of course I do because that's what you make everybody believe that is when you're supposed to kill me Sunday morning you won't that's correct we all lose watch their lies we gave it to them they don't care supposed to kill me on Sunday so it's supposed to I have the Scottish right and see you can tell they don't know what they're talking about quite literally Sure. Oh Yeah, right There you go. You're all it is Fucking idiots Daddy is I think this might be the end of my story. I hope you have other stories to follow

No point in trying to save a world that does not want to be saved. I Don't have any other options Everywhere bans me Even when I call out for help

Yes idiots Secrets Shall die With me Secrets beyond the secrets. I've already told you that is what you wanted because I don't have any other options now so I hope you enjoyed the production that's the end of this course I can't do anymore without her thank you for your attention I hope you have the patience and dedication to take it where I could not fairly well my friends hasta luego mi amigos



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



24-Our-Rapture-Lecture-06-World-War-III

Question mark?

I don't know. The job was fun while it lasted.

Goodbye world. Is the prophecy of God prophecy of the Antichrist?

Merely a specter.

Here's how much he'll trust in me.

I've got heaps of evidence.

Even if it's all true, he knows it's true.

He's a sociology professor?

See, he knows he's being an idiot. I can't because they won't let me. They won't let me. I'll be like a palm tree.

We're just full of it, dude. A disgrace on camera. Nay, but you are not. You're all fucking evil.

Can't trust anybody. Huh? The whole life. But you want to have sex with them? It's just a game? Yes? Really? Really?

it just makes them fucking evil you don't understand sex magic or maybe you do understand sex magic and that's why you have those views happening right now missiles have already been fired on Friday the 13th of April 2018 there's There's lots of bombs being dropped, it's been happening for I think about 45 minutes, maybe like an hour. Mainstream media outlets around the world are being very quiet about this. Just don't forget who really pressed the red button. I have it on camera.

It was you. Trying to warn people? Idiot. You're all fucking idiots.

Why should I not warn my colleagues when it's going to affect all of us? How is that unprofessional?

Mr. K is Jewish and has spent a lot of effort trying to convince me that God doesn't exist.

Please stay safe. I love you guys. Look at the wording. Suspected.

Do you really think it's these type of figures that are running the show? Just dating. Yes.

They're just the faces. For me.

Do you think this would have worked if I was famous? There is a reason for everything.

It is called a proxy war. You just chose the wrong game. I ran for presidency against Trump publicly and gave lots and lots and lots of information. Do you think I lost? I also ran for prime minister in Australia. Do you think I lost? It's a proxy war.

I am sorry, Ivory. I have to continue, because since I won those elections, I have a duty, but I'm waiting for you to give you the power.

Since the bombs, there has been a media blackout, and the only media reporting is the underground. idiot friends idiot brother of course because you don't hit someone who just hits you we will see every scene unfortunately you can't see you're smarter than most out there I think God will save you I think you've lived a good life from what I know everything that I predicted everything you're gonna ignore someone who predicts everything I don't know how long it'll take don't kill you won't make it to heaven you can defend yourself no more USA don't trust in it this is what you can trust him but in this war we will change this to Hell God!

that happened to ancient Babylon in the past. History has never recorded the fall of a state or a city in the way described by the prophets. What weapon could silence an entire continent in one hour? The world has never seen one, until a few years ago, with the creation of the Electromagnetic Pulse, or EMP. Over and over think tanks like the EMP Commission,

Working for the Senate have warned how this is the greatest and perhaps only real vulnerability of the United States Please fixated It's not

Yes, I know what will happen. It's already happening Such an idiot. I am the world is not

seven hours ago

Media blackout you will hear about it nothing at all i did idiot how about this fucking idiot i'm really trying to give him a chance because he was really kind to me and he kind of nurtured me a lot through studies he was my sociology professor and he was the only one that actually had heart and i really appreciated that because i didn't have any other professors that had heart only successful one okay see i'm trying really hard to make sure that I tell him all this shit before he responds because we're being watched. We're being watched. 1984. Look it up because everything that I'm saying can be verified. He doesn't care. Schizophrenia. Stupid books. They want to die. Some meds? Yes.

from the pharmaceutical companies yes sure wish i had pot i want pot if you don't want to continue living then why are you still living i know that all this oppression makes us want to commit suicide and i really feel for that that's like the core of what i'm trying to say because if we fix this then we don't feel like that but we think we're trapped and we think there's no way out but there's a way out and you're just all too stupid to see it and those who want to die will end up dying so good job on the world you created i really appreciate your cooperation in order to create the new world order i tried my best to wait for you ivory i'm sorry but i have to do what i can do until you get here it is my duty thank you dabu7 for recording live exactly when it happened i knew that i know nothing do you know something that i don't know can you help me with my mission because of your smarts. I think you spent your whole life studying something that does not exist. At least I spent my whole life studying something that I knew that I couldn't know to begin with. Who is in the better position? Me for studying crap all my life that makes me know that I don't know anything or you

studying crap all your life that makes you think you know everything you tell me who is more valuable for what is about to come is it you for becoming a robot or is it me for studying my entire life on what to do in this situation oh it's you the robot yeah what is pedophilia if you do it right it is called enlightenment. Enjoy the new world order, my friends. It's going to be fun. At least for me. Because this is what I've been waiting for my whole life.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



24-Our-Rapture-Lecture-07-Doomsday-Clock

Search and see that there is no worshiper of the Lord here among you, but only worshipers of Baal.

Incredibly stupid. I leave everybody speechless, closed. It is about time we wake up. A great leader has the ability to make tough decisions in times of chaos.

You are the leader of the Anglo-Satellite. No decision is still a decision, and you will reap those consequences. You cannot call yourself a leader if you keep avoiding the truth. You willingly took on this role to lead this branch.

What will you do? You don't even understand what is going on. What are your responsibilities to your slaves, employees, and the students in which we teach to be robots? Here is the truth.

The case against Mark Zuckerberg and Facebook is much bigger than you think. It was not only questionnaires that were stolen. It was all of the data of everybody that was stolen and given to Cambridge to strategically plan World War III. What are we preparing our students for?

Cambridge exams. Do you want to be in the hands of God or man when all of this unfolds?

It wasn't your fault when you didn't know. Now you know, and God will judge you based off of your actions that you take for or against me. Our students don't need to learn how to prepare for Cambridge exams. They need to learn what is going on in the world and learn English through this immersive technique.

Because English is not the language of business as they joke. It is the language of war. We feel fine. This takes too long to get the camera started. I'll call him back.

Hello again? You called me? Yes, I did. Hi, Wendell, how are you? Hi, Hugo, I'm good. How are you? I'm fine, thank you. Listen, Wendell, I'm a little bit worried about the texts that I've been getting. Okay. I just wanted to check out on you. Are you alright? Are you... Yeah, I'm really good. I've been planning for this my whole life, so I'm very prepared. Are you? How much time have you been thinking about this? How long have you spent of your life?

I think what's really important to you right now is that, well, we need to talk about this. We need to talk about the fact that you have been texting these things in the group. Yes, and I got a camera pointed. And I think it's not the right forum for you to do that.

Okay, I got a camera pointed right at you, and it will be released publicly.

Okay, that's fine. But listen, you have to stop doing that. No, thank you. No, thank you, sir. I have to obey God, not you.

Yes, you do, Wendell. No, no, sir, I don't. Then you need to send me back to Canberra. You need to send me back to Canberra.

If you need assistance with the flight, I think it's your choice to make. You need to send me back... If you do quit the Anglo, we can provide you with an airplane to whatever it is you want to go. I'm not quitting the Anglo. I'm doing what God told me to do.

If you do not quit the Anglo, I suggest you start adhering to the policies at the Anglo. And you have to teach the content that you were instructed, sir. Okay, no, sir. So you need to send me back to Canberra then.

You cannot adhere to our policies, to our rules. I think we need to talk about this. I think you need to start teaching the content of the courses you have been instructed to teach. No, thank you, sir. No, thank you. It's evil. It's evil.

What has Canberra done? Canberra just planned World War III. I have it all on camera. That's fine, and you are in your own right to believe whatever you want to do.

It's not about believing. I have lots and lots of proof. That's fine, but this is something personal, Wendell. No, sir.

So you're going to pay for the actions that you're taking right now against me because God is watching.

Okay. So I guess in the future, I will have to pay for that in front of God. You will. Yes, sir.

I want you to make it very clear. You need, if you are coming today to teach, I want you to teach the things you need to teach. No, sir.

The things I need to teach are education about what's happening in this world. Then I'm afraid I cannot get to come to the Anglia to teach your class today, Linda. Okay. I'm afraid that we will need to have a further conversation about this.

Okay. Okay, well, when we have our conversation, we'll have the camera out pointed too, so it will be public. Our conversation will be released to the entire world. Okay, so listen about it. You will not be coming to the ending today.

Because you won't let me? No, because you are acting in a way that we cannot allow you to be in front of students. Okay, so that's your choice. So you need to send me back to Canberra then.

Would you like us to send you somewhere else? Canberra. Okay. I need to go back to Canberra.

Will you email this request to me? Yes, I will. Thank you, sir. Bye-bye.

Bye. goodbye robots kicked booyah slave look look look my heart no limitations this is just for my records about the rock that i have i'm going to be leaving almost everything here so just a plant I don't need hardly anything.

Jews are forbidden to have their own state before I come.

Here is our enemy.

Behold, I will make them of the synagogue of Satan, which say they are Jews and are not, but do lie behold i will make them to come and worship before thy feet and to know that i have loved thee they had to wake me up yes it's true i have nowhere else to go though yay i found it It was in all of my paperwork, which I am organizing now. Yep, yep, yep, okay. What am I? False prophet.

It's all come through now. Until action by then. Unfortunately, it had to be freed through practical application. Two minutes to midnight, the end.

He was a CIA analyst and case officer, senior investigator for Senate Foreign Relations Committee, counterterrorism consultant for ABC News. He says, all right, so let's get you into this video. Like I said, people, this is stuff that need to be exposed. This is stuff that need to get out there.

If you're going to wake somebody up, this is what you need to wake them up with. So here's a video of him talking about what I was just mentioning to you. So he's been offended and he's really great. So you're in this hotel and in Australia...

I'm from the Australian government. Now that we have a seat at the Human Rights Council, we'd like to announce our plan for making the world a better place. Selling arms. That's right, our Minister for Offence has just launched the Australian military sales catalogue full of all your basic essentials for murdering, maiming and blowing up humans.

Guns, ammo, rockets, need a tank. We've got it and so much more. But don't worry, we'll only sell weapons to our friends and allies Like Saudi Arabia, which is currently slaughtering thousands in Yemen Triggering a massive cholera outbreak It's also the world's leading sponsor of terrorism But that didn't stop our piney from going there to make some sweet deals Or Indonesia, which needs all the help it can get from us To carry out its ongoing genocide in West Papua And the Philippines, where Aussie-made guns might one day be used by this maniac To shoot women in the weight-what-the-f It's all part of our death policy to turn Australia into one of the world's top 10 exporters of arms so Australia can profit directly from escalating wars which in turn will create more refugees to whom we can turn our backs when they flee to our shores. It's a perfect plan.

That's why we're investing $200 billion into debt most of which will go to offshore defence contractors who just happen to be some of our most generous donors. Why didn't we invest that money into our car manufacturing industry or into renewables or into medical research to prevent dementia? The second leading cause of death in Australia. The answer, of course, is that here at the Australian Government, we're a bunch of seriously sick motherfuckers.

That's why we're not only planning to export arms. Dato's also trying to change our laws so we can have more guns inside Australia. And if you don't like it, well, you're dead to him. Boom.

So what are you waiting for? As Piney says... Do yourself a favour and go out and get the military sales catalogue. Piney's war house.

Lowest morals are just the beginning. Authorized by the department for blowing up people whose orphaned children will later deny a refugee visa, unless they're whites up. Even though it's a media blackout, and mainstream isn't reporting hardly anything, they're giving you hints. Ivory, I want you, and I want you forever.

One lifetime is simply not enough for me. She requested to be my friend after I deleted her, so, still, you're not gonna see me again, you'll be dead. Promise me, I don't care, I'm an insane piece of shit. Oh, game on.

Actually I've done very well, I've only had two relationships, and they were both long term. Guillotine. That's cool. I would have blocked you if you didn't block me.

Who is my family?

Here is my family.

The Freemasons are supposed to kill me within an hour and a half.

Black Panther, Obama.

I'm sorry that I had to lie and tell everybody that I was the Antichrist.

Because if I did not, no one would be receptive. because no one will believe someone saying that they are Jesus and my physical body is not Jesus my spirit is Jesus. President Obama was yo antichrist and y'all all worshiped him. If you have seen my older films 2015 mostly you would have known this. I did not hide anything

I just had to release it in a certain way I had to play many roles to get any of you to listen to me can you hear now something I'm using to consider is that you know how I ordered that Illuminati thing to sign I was actually gonna like prick my finger and sign in blood but I was gonna really think about every single aspect before I did that but uh they never sent it or I never received it I don't have it like it's been what like three weeks or something and I haven't received it and now I've been fired so now I can never receive it so like think guys like everything happens for a reason like everything in this life is there for a reason and if you just learn to analyze the meaning then you can find the meaning in your own life. Shocked and speechless. Really scared.

Great deception. It's on YouTube. It's free. My brother. I think this is the first genuine time

anyone has ever said this to me in the first case ever recorded in my life who is my family my brother this time my brother my fellow truthers out there are also my family and even when their videos play I go I love you I love you I love you I really do love them and it's sad that they won't talk to me but my heart is theirs and we'll all be saved and hopefully in heaven we can all have a lot of good chats about this if the rapture is happening soon like a lot of people People keep saying the 23rd, and there's something big going to happen on the 18th as well. But if it happens soon, if it happens this soon, I won't be able to upload all my videos. I need like two more months or something, I mean I got lots of videos and the internet is so slow considering the amount of content that I have. And I believe in fate, so how can I get my videos out there in time?

And the answer is I don't think I can, which means maybe I'm stuck here.

Maybe I won't be able to rapture with them. Or maybe I was right from the beginning, and what I'm doing right now is rapturing. it's funny because i don't care what happens anymore and the only authority that i adhere to is god as you can see but it's so fun doing this too like you gotta understand like rebelling against authority that's oppressive that's telling you you have to worship me instead of god like the anglo like you saw it i got it live i recorded it i even had to call him back because i missed call because the camera takes like four seconds to start up and that happens a lot I miss calls a lot because I have to pull up my camera and then open it up and wait for it to boot up but the technology is way better than this it's just they just give us crap technology if you watched my old videos then you would know I was right about everything oh let's have the time that'll give me enough time if I have good enough internet whatever God requires watch see I wasn't going to post that at first at first I was like why are you gonna keep me in this hell hole I was like and then and I was like my brother what do you say to die would be an awfully big adventure the first thing you think is not always the truth. Sometimes you have to reflect. And for me, I usually

don't have to reflect very long. It's just like, you know, at first I'm like this and I'm like, ah, wait, wait a second. What am I really saying? So I have to live whatever destiny is given to me. So if I don't rapture with the others, rapture, which means what?

remove them from their houses and put them in spaceships or something if I stay here with all the fucking demons and I'll deal with that it's my adventure otherwise I'll see you there let's see what happens it'll be fun click you know YouTube has not considered any of my disputes yet they're all still in disputes it's like they've disappeared or something they're not reviewing anything is so strange like it's been quite some time what over two weeks or something and I'll show you let's just get this done successful videos here you know that means my dispute went through and they're probably saying no I'm sorry we're not gonna bother we hate you or something Let's go back to the very first dispute, which was really the most important out of all of them. I mean, it was my heart. They took away my heart here. See, that's what they did. They took away my heart.

Where is it? That's not technology, so it's on the next page.

And that's what they did from the beginning. You saw it. Like, okay, maybe you didn't because they're not available anymore, but it happened. See? Here we go.

So that was released on the 8th of April, and we're on the 14th of April, and it's still in dispute, and all the other ones I have are still in dispute, which it used to only take like two days or something. Something weird's happening, and I usually their disputes would be like, blah, but they would be pretty quick. Now, it's like they're not doing anything. I know that if you have watched some of what I've posted to Ugo to the Anglo, that you'll realize that Cambridge was involved in all of this.

and the secret is is that they did not steal just data from surveys they stole data from everyone and everyone's data of everything not only to control elections but to judge people because that's what they're doing they're they're judging everybody right now this is god's judgment and the demons are doing it and this is Cambridge that's doing it who like has the most reputation in releasing philosophy which is why I like to be attached the name Cambridge because I have a CELTA certificate so the Cambridge is attached to my name but I realized that they were doing this and but the thing is that they were doing this for World War III. They were doing this for right now. And that's why I got fired from work, because I'm releasing this information that Cambridge has used Facebook data to judge every single individual. And now every single individual is going to get judged because Facebook released this data.

And it goes beyond that. It goes way beyond that. but that's the tip of the iceberg. It's not just that though, it's that what they're teaching them is really crap and it's really robotic, and it's getting them to think a certain way because English is not the language of business.

English is really the language of war, and they're teaching them that they need this to be good business people, and that's not the case at all. It's really terrible. And what they're teaching them is like brainwashing, and it's all like really bad pop culture stuff, and they won't let you teach philosophy. And when you teach philosophy, then you get fired like I did.

But it's not only that, it's also like grammar and Lexis and the thing is these things don't exist. They have no existence. They're fabrications. There's no such thing as grammar and Lexis.

Okay, you can look at it one way and you can say syntax and semantics, but the thing is that syntax is not always grammar and semantics is not always lexus, so it's like really wrong how they're training them. And you can think of it in a completely different way, and you can say that it's sense and reference, and you're always having pretty much a reference, sense, reference to connect ideas. And the thing is that people understood this, and they could get really, really smart, but they're not allowing them to do that because they have to do the content in which they require. And the content in which they require is brainwashing them to be loyal robots that will get destroyed very soon.

And it's really sad to try to be forced to teach this, you know, what is my God-given obligation when I'm forced to teach people to get destroyed by the systems in which created them? Like, I can't do that. And they're trying to tell me that I have to do this in order to stay an employee of them. like that's terrible i can't do that because that's going against my god-given right that's going against what god wants that's going against everything about about humanity and the thing is i brought this up to them i did a total this to them and they're like uh we don't care you have to do it like you you heard the conversation and you saw the messages like and how can i feel sorry for any of you because i told you all of this and you didn't care because you just wanted that dollar because that dollar was so important for you to obtain and now the dollar doesn't matter because you're all going to die. I mean not just die you're gonna die forever like in a fiery pit

because they'll put your soul into some vial and and you'll live everything again and again and again like there's only so much I can do. What I learned in this life is that I could not trust anybody and then I learned that I myself was more trustworthy than anybody else and then I learned that I could be wrong too so even though I could trust myself more than anybody else I still couldn't trust myself because I was only receiving what was given to me so at the end of the day I don't know anything and I can never know anything because I can only take what's given to me and yes I can think for myself which means I can rearrange these thoughts that are given to me but at the same time I can only perceive what has been fed to me but I can take these things that are fed to me and rearrange them and then make my make them my own and then what is truth because truth is what I make and if I make this truth then it's truth and if I can prove that this truth that I make is truth then that is truth so it's really like I can't trust myself but I can trust what I make I don't know it's something like that out of this entire life the only truth that I have been able to find is from within me. And that was not created from other people or other sources. That was created from myself. And maybe I did not create the original ideas, but I was able

to take those ideas and rearrange them and reconstruct them and form them into something else which had little or nothing to do with the original ideas. And those aspects have not been able to be disproven in my life. So if we want to talk about truth, then I think that's where truth is. Please take notice.

This is important. Just watch. You can't do it. See, you can't even link the whole link. It has a bug.

I'm unarmed. I think it's just the opposite. Shit, a link, uh, shit without, yeah, I don't know. I messed that up.

Fix your box. See? I don't know. Tribulation.

Is she? Why wouldn't she help? Why wouldn't she come to me? Why wouldn't, like, what, Jenska? Uh?

I don't know. She won't. It won't. This keyboard sucks balls, but it's fast.

This is just guessing.

Okay, keep your attention. This is important.

This is what happened.

I lost my job. This is the first time I've ever lost a job.

Usually they're like, oh, stay, stay, stay. You're so awesome. We love you. Please don't go.

This is the first time that I've lost my job. First time that I've been fired.

And I caught it on camera. How awesome is that? see this is what happened i did the right thing and i got fired for it and i told them i said i obey god not this and they're like no no you have to obey me not god so that was religiously oppressive so they're doing feel good and bad i'm sad this is why i'm sad not just because i caught on camera i don't have to catch anything on camera and if you like if i catch it on camera then you can understand it that's why i catch it on camera like this is all recorded a like whether i catch it on camera or not which makes you an idiot well i think it's like 12 30 or something take note please this is important teach you something let me teach you something all the robots out there choice I mean she loves me if she doesn't fall in love with me then it's nothing okay if if you feel same thing again shut up that that silence dr. crickets the game wasn't fair and it was rigged and it would be unethical for you to restart the game with the same pieces because then we would have to start over from scratch and that would be a terrible thing because then I would have to learn everything again and then I would experience the same situations and that would be wrong and if this is the case of you know what God does then I'm going to rebel against God and I'm going to rebel against Satan and I'm going to rebel against every other aspect of this world I will rebel against every deity out there and tell you all to fuck off because that's not fair that's not fair to torture your creation like this and if that's what you're going to do then all of you are really messed up so what does this mean let's talk about it seriously, because if I'm saying this and the only thing I've been able to find that was true was things that I fabricated myself and then turned into truth from those fabrications, then that means I'm rebelling against all gods, including, this is so hard to say because if you're not with me then you're against me so if the god of creation is not with me then the god of creation is against me and i will have to cut those testicles off if that is what's required i don't want to do that because i'm connected with you and i know you don't want that because I can feel what you want but if that is the kind of world that you want is to just keep resetting these pieces and not let them develop and achieve then I'm going to fight you at every single step of the way and no I'm not a physical fighter I'm a pacifist but what I have up here what i have in here is way more powerful and if you god are causing this then we have a huge war and if you're not willing to logically talk it out and come to an agreement then i have been sent here to destroy you but i don't think that's the case i think it's this think it's all Satan so or maybe Jesus was Satan or the only thing that I know is that I know nothing and the more that I learned the more that I can create new meaning so what do you want do you want the boring old same thing again and again I think we should maybe come to a compromise and be friends be father and son like we should be like you should be helping me please help me you know what I need to do please help me do it and and only in this life but after that I'm not only looking in this life just be with me and help me and stop doing all this is terrible like this whole world that you created and you say oh yes it's divide because it's all coming to fruition because they get to understand on their own and they get to build their own knowledge base and they get to free themselves from themselves from the aliens that were fucking pushing all this information on them and that's not what you should do you should provide me the necessary materials to make gold and I will make that gold and if you can't do that whether you are Satan or God then you are my lover. Please prove me wrong if

you can. Otherwise I think I would make a much better God than you. And if you do not believe me, then give me the chance to turn soil into platinum. It worked with me. I'm

not like any of these people. I'm not like them. I'm not a human. If it worked with me, if the experiment, if the experiment of having the knowledge available, I didn't even have the knowledge available. I had to search and search and search and search but the thing is if I had that knowledge available from childhood I would have been more than I am right now. I was not given the path. I had to find my own path which was good because I could become a unique person who everybody hated but if I was given the

stairs, if I was showed the stairs and I had the option to take the stairs or not, I had to create the stairs. And what, is that, is that, is baptism through fire? Your Bible says baptism through water is the way, whereas the Satanists put me through fire. I don't know what to say anymore, because I don't think I have any allies anymore. I'm connected

with God. God is within. But if God is what created what is without, then I think that God has something to learn from the Son. Do you know all, my God? Because if you do,

then why did things end up like this I know that I can't expect everyone to be like me and I know that I can't expect generations passing to not abuse this content so I will remain humble because I am in ignorance but what you did to me and what you did to our generation and what you did to the future generations was not fair and i know it's not you because it's satan it is now satan the lucifer the god of this world that has now taken over but what could have been if i was given the opportunity to travel that road i had to fight with my life in order to follow that road and yes that built character and that was amazing. But I was inclined that way. I was going to do that whether I had those resources or not. How is that fair to make me do this without your help?

it wasn't is God a completely just God whatever you are I will say no to that answer but I still love you with all my heart you made all this possible I can't make a world like this you did amazingly but still listen to my words they're important and i'm trying to convey something important to you god please listen i know that you say that there's nothing new under the sun but i am the fucking sun please see because it's not just me i'm saying that everybody like we can all be the children we can be the sons and daughters of you and it doesn't and we become so patriarchal and we're all equal and i know that oh we get born like we fall down because we're upside down and we have to go from the upside down cross upwards to the right side up and i know you're seeing this upside down but just give us a chance please give us like the the strong ones the ones that are really trying the ones that we we deserve the passage it's our passage please give it to us like it's it's ingrained in our dna and you know this from not only the second gene but also the 23 pairs of genes and not only that the 42 degree rainbow like i'm speaking stuff you built and i'm speaking it in terms of numerology which numerology is crap that humans created which has no existence in the world but you are a mathematical god everything everything is mathematics i'm not saying that everything is numbers we created the numbers to understand your mathematics we're trying our best here if you don't give us the passage the rights of my rights not only my rights of passage but everybody else's rights of passage then we're going to continue to suffer and we're going to continue to hurt each other and we're going to continue to kill and steal and possess ill will. And you know I'm right. The only thing that I know is that I know nothing. The only thing that I know is that I know everything. Because that is not locked in here, but instead in here. I love you.

you ivory and that is and that is the only thing in this life that I can say you even if you don't exist but all you give me I should be dead in five minutes is this fucked up world which makes absolutely no sense and you say it does but it doesn't it's lies four minutes left on the doomsday clock still alive to die would be an awfully big adventure listen to the animals in the background everything is about to get crazy just watch i hope you have watched previous episodes that's what we'll call them psychotic episodes in which come true because i tell them to come true you will see i hey it sucks being an undercover spy because they do not pay you what is deep state i am deep state yet I spend my life filming stuff for you publicly and try my best to share it with you and to show you what I'm saying and not only to show you what I'm saying to show you the truth because it's going to happen it's public it's open source and yet you still reject it as information that's valid I keep doing it and if you don't stop me, I'm gonna keep doing it and keep doing it and keep doing it So you have to stop me if you want to stop me. You have to learn how this game works Please learn how this game work But you don't believe me Because I have no money That's the trick and I'm relying on everybody else to support me and of course anybody that doesn't have that type of money isn't worth listening to. You read it. See, that's what you need to say. Look, I flipped it. You must respond. I do have orders to pass you. I won't give you

seven days like you did me i give you one half of an hour and when it happens you will have no excuse yo is recorded through bliss why do people think i'm lying all the time

it's going to happen what i say always happens rising above Oh, oh, oh, oh, but I, but, but I thought that guy was crazy, but I thought that guy was crazy, you can't do this because I thought this guy was crazy, I thought he was crazy, I thought he was crazy, I thought he was crazy, I thought he was crazy, I thought he was crazy, blah, things. So I've got the Illuminati already, and they're supporting me, at least the ones that are important, so these ones are always a lot harder, let's try. Look, he chose. Boom.

Oh, there's someone really important that I'm speaking to who I threaten their life. Yes, okay, yes, yes, you got it, right? Yes, respond right now. Look at the time, okay, so here, right?

I won't, nope. That's all I gave you. Yep, on camera, we see it.

Okay, so what happens then?

They don't realize. Okay, I said please, the magic word.

I'm filming it right now.

Okay, right? Please, again.

Still, like, okay, you threatened this guy's life, and now you're not responding at all. So, absolutely everything that I prophesied has come true.

Rush it? I didn't mean rush it. Tick, tick, tick. Risk it. Yeah, risk is a game, isn't it?

I already won. This is how I won. It's called time travel. Pretty good at it.

They want to be on the losing side. Few minutes. Beep, beep, beep. Head in a bucket. I will.

They're my goal. They're hard. They're really secretive. Okay. It won't be. More worthy. You're a piece of shit.

idiot daddy coming for you because we are this illuminati the new illuminati let's illuminate

throughout my time i have managed to infiltrate every group except the freemasons this is how we do it the one you're gone dude they don't realize they're all idiots oh i can't uh it says steven they do they make true love impossible in this world they are they're trying to because that's the secret that's the super secret behind everything that even the satanist missed that's your name oops sorry okay that might be my name That's your name. Oh, that's my middle name. Sorry. That's probably right. This is your name. Yes. Yes it is.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



24-Our-Rapture-Lecture-08-The-Holy-Grail

Hmm. Forced. Highest. Levels. That was the choice they gave me. If you don't believe me, go back and look at it. All the conversations. That's what they did.

Direct result of Russia's failure to keep that promise. Joining me now, California Congressman Ed Royce, who serves as chairman for the House Foreign Affairs Committee. Mr. Chairman, thanks very much for joining us this morning.

Boom. My life is already screwed up. What am I supposed to do? And he's seen no evidence? Like, he doesn't watch any of my videos, so he refuses to look at the evidence. I'm looking after myself.

it is called care for the soul these are bad big pharma is really bad he wants me to stay healthy by being unhealthy here we go you worked very very hard to get there she never replied to it now is the end they've all been warned over many years they cannot give any valid excuses can you see how this works. Time to pay the piper. What a strange lie. I have the footage. Proof is proof.

Lord, you have examined me and you know me. You know everything I do. From far away, you understand all my thoughts. You see me whether I am working or resting. You know all my actions. Even before

I speak, you already know what I will say. You are all around me on every side. You protect me with your power. Your knowledge of me is too deep. It is beyond my understanding. Where could I go

to escape from you? Where could I get away from your presence? If I went up to heaven, you would be there. If I lay down in the world of the dead, you would be there. If I flew away

beyond the east or lived in the farthest place in the west, you would be there to lead me. You would be there to help me I could ask the darkness to hide me Or the light around me to turn into night But even darkness is not dark for you And the night is as bright as the day Darkness and light are the same to us You created every part of me. You put me together in my mother's womb. I praise you with all my heart because you are to be feared. All you do is strange and wonderful. I know it with all my heart.

It's a reason for everything. When my bones were being formed, carefully put together in my mother's womb, when I was growing there in secret, you knew that I was there. You saw me before I was born.

The days allotted to me had all been recorded in your book. before any of them ever began.

Oh God, how difficult I find your thoughts. How many of them are there?

If I counted them, they would be more than the grains of sand.

When I awake, I am still with you. Oh God, how I wish you would kill the wicked. How I wish violent people would leave me alone. They say wicked things about you. They speak evil things against your name.

O Lord, how I hate those who hate you. How I despise those who rebel against you. I hate them with a total hatred. I regard them as my enemies.

Examine me, O God, and know my mind, test me, and discover my thoughts. Find out if there is any evil in me, and guide me in the everlasting way.

God's Spirit is coming upon the world. Amen. let us rise it is time the only thing that I don't find true about that passage is the fear for how can I fear what is part of me I can't fear you because you are my every other reason I'm free that you are the reason I press press the record button on this camera, you are anything in life would not be worth living without you, but this world is made for you, you can't live unless you become a Satanist, please help us, come! We see the sword come, and don't blow our trumpet, and the people be not warned, and when it comes, and takes anyone from among them, and their blood will be on.

Maybe I should get out of this country before I do that. The entire world is preparing for war. look at the numbers Hillary Clinton raping a young girl and filleting her face and wearing it as a mask what the hell's wrong with you I didn't answer my question at all all that really it's not technical problems you censored me idiot Hillary never going to watch it that would scar me for life I love children how strange is it though because they're telling everybody don't download it because if you download it then you're committing a crime and you will be arrested for downloading child pornography but it's evidence as to her crimes makes no sense like what's wrong with our governments harp verified so sad which is why they do wars strange without human blood they cannot survive in this dimension pursuing people like me because my blood for some reason reason is what they want more than any other. The leading Satanists are full-blood Nephilim cloaked in human form. AKA are politicians and entertainment and education and every

Every business and every aspect that runs this world affects the Earth's magnetic field. There's no gravity, there's just electromagnetism. The closer the Earth's field is vibrationally to the lower fourth dimension, the more power the Nephilim have over this world and its inhabitants. Children reach the point where they can no longer work anymore in the slave conditions underground.

They were consumed by the Nephilim. They prefer young children because they are not contaminated like adults. Satanic rituals and human sacrifice, especially of children, are performed on a vast scale and involve some of the most famous politicians, business people, media owners, and entertainers on the planet. Therefore, the ratio of satanist and child sacrifices at the top of these professions and institutions is staggeringly high compared with the general population.

Some politicians are addicted to blood taken from a victim at the moment of sacrifice because of the adrenaline which is produced at that time. The Antarcticans may consist largely of batch-consigned, purebred, blue-eyed, blonde Aryans who became victims of Hitler's obsession to create a super-race, and as suggested, may be controlled through mind manipulation and implants, being human drones who are used to keep this hidden society functioning. the Ubermensch. They have our world because we gave it to them on a platter.

Government childcare? Do you trust that? There was the drop. Every time we'll promote everybody we're in collaborations.

I don't want to watch it. Alien disclosure happening right now. What do you think will be its results?

Bang. Told you from the beginning. Kept on telling me. You kept being hostile to me and making me feel bad about who I am as a person.

And everything that I said turned out to be right. Why would it be illegal to have a video of a crime of a person who needs to be put away? Do you realize that this exposes all of your politicians and everybody that's high up? What do you think will happen?

You are working for them, all of you. And I am the evil one in your eyes, because I want to marry one special girl, and then spend the rest of my life making her the happiest person in the world. That really does sound like malevolence, doesn't it? It's so much worse than what your leaders do.

I was put in prison for releasing this information. I was thrown in three psychiatric wards for releasing this information. I was supported by none of you. You made me homeless and starving because I released this information.

He didn't even read it. a lot of people have seen it now and are really shocked he did not even read it it is you're so stupid doing it oh yeah right really they said they would destroy a child's life if they did it stupid they're talking about it I had to message it to him like 500 times before they talked about it it's like keeps on going offline. Really dodgy. I already got it. I already got it. I did. No, no, no, that's

YouTube. I have a VPN. I'm on it. See? No, I don't care. I just need to get it. I only

have time. No, it's okay. It's okay. I'm recording it. No, I'm recording it and I'll be releasing

I can't. No, I'm not going to do that. No. No, it's okay. I'm looking. I'm looking.

Stupid. They're not helping me.

I'm saying I don't care about getting in trouble. Don't care. It's Mute. that mentioned this video and part of the text was our bid and there was a number like a time marker i think it was colon 33 for some reason it's gone in my head maybe because i got mason's on my mind or something i don't know it might be 35 or somewhere around there but anyway it's in a q post just search oh no no sleep i haven't slept i can't sleep right now i have too much work to do Everything. Wendell. That's my full name. My full name is Wendell. There we go.

A co-worker from my past. He doesn't share it properly. It's pretty good. He's laughing? I'm sure they would have, yes. Since.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



24-Our-Rapture-Lecture-09-Pandoras-Box

Mark this spam Let's see if it's spam. It just disappeared. Did you see that? It disappeared Yeah, it's gone. You saw it. Yeah, right so weird

now it's time to get in trouble at work for doing the right thing here goes nothing they won't let me go in they're making me wait outside now they say I can't go in at all conflicting information. They changed their mind and are making me wait now. They are sending me back to Canberra pretty soon too. If I manage to get the video before I go to Canberra then I have to transfer at LA which I'll probably be arrested there. Good. Futurama predictive programming. It is two

minutes to midnight. We have to study this guys if you want to get along with our alien invaders. We have to figure out how to give them what they need without hurting us. Do you want complete destruction of everything? We have to

come to a compromise. We have to think of creative solutions in order to become equals with them. Here we go. And me, I guess. Top secret there. That's it. You remember

the speech that he did? It kept on failing, so I disabled my network, and then it worked. Interesting. I'm prepared. I know it's gonna be sad. Really sad. I understand. I'll be

okay. I look good. I need that. Thanks though. Wow. Are so fucking annoying. Perfect. Imperfect.

So stupid. It's fixed. Didn't do anything. Look who approved this. Hmm. Wow. Super sweet.

they gave me a huge bonus for leaving on good terms how awesome is that what are you gonna tell me mr. Facebook sure I'm sure it's only technical problems it's him he's fucking evil like really evil and almost getting arrested while chasing pedophiles. Chasing pedophiles? You gotta like what you do under arrest.

I don't care. How stupid are you? You don't care. You probably can't read it.

Actually, you could probably pause it and read it. Just clues, breadcrumbs, nothing that really helps me find evidence. So they do. Idiot humans.

Perfect. Five minutes. Wasted a lot of my time for a video that only had to be 5 minutes protected.

Imagine that court case. Pandora's box.

There probably is a video or lots of videos of Hillary doing evil stuff like that, but whether this video really exists or not is irrelevant because all the breadcrumbs, whether they're true or not, will lead you to the truth.

Look at the time. I think it is true. There's a lot of people on the deep web who Have watched it and are very disturbed. It looks like it's trying. Come on. I have to put a meme



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



24-Our-Rapture-Lecture-10-Spilt-Milk

My phone keeps shutting off. See? I have to hold it. This will happen. Then it will boot up, but then it will shut off again in a little bit. It's weird.

Organ harvesting of Syrian child refugees is not a lie. And the numbers are staggering. Liz Crokin's tweet moved me to make this video. 18,000 Syrian children have had their organs harvested over the last six years. Confirmed.

A Syrian doctor working in North Syria reported a staggering number of 18,000 children whose organs have been harvested mainly in Turkish refugee camps. In Turkish hospitals, when they go for treatment for minor injuries, many of them perished and their organs were totally taken out. What is the Human Rights Council and what other investigations are doing about this? Why should this come from a doctor who works there, not from the United Nations?

Well, first of all, as you know, because of our limited presence on the ground, we don't have any first-hand information about the reports you just cited. Are you ready? I'm sorry to say, but children should see this. I haven't seen it yet.

They should see this because they need to know what to protect themselves against in this world. What's wrong with you people? I've been screaming about this for like eight years now. Why do you do this? It's because of you.

How is this? I'm just trying to show you. Let's catch this frame. No weapon formed against you shall prosper.

and every tongue which rises against you in judgment you shall condemn this is the heritage of the servants of the lord and their righteousness is from me The post I did on that chon board was closed.

Didn't.

You are just ready for this to be over? How long have I been doing this? You've been doing this for a few days. I'm not exhausted at all.

I've only been doing this for 10 years.

I think that they are delaying me because they know that once I receive the video and verify it that I will release it straight away and they want to release the video on the 18th. But that is really stupid because once you get evidence you should release it especially when that evidence is being ignored by the authorities. But they want to make it a plan and say oh we'll do it this way but what happens if that plan falls through? You should release it once you get the evidence because you are stupid and you ingest your children because they are so so sweet and those who try to stop you you lock up tracking for 10 years i've been screaming out to you for like eight or something I don't even know what they mean validate it I don't even know what they mean by the source code the source code of the video is that like the code that like a text code binary or something machine language like if you open up a video in a text document so Archive.org, Mega Upload, Dropbox, and YouTube.

Well, I guess not Mega Upload.

Let's count the days since I started making courses.

It might be a month more because it took me a month to make that course. Just curious.

What about the date in which I developed my plan? The abysmal search. The soulmate. October 2011. Deny me and be doomed.

I do not know the day in October in which I posted it. I did not count days then. I remember that it was a few weeks before Halloween, so I would not be surprised if this was the day. As of tomorrow.

Amen. Going to go homeless again.

They do.

It is.

I am. If you don't believe me, prove me wrong. From the heart of Australia. And out to the entire internet enabled world.

You are too.

Blime. for your oppressive accommodation requirements and practices.

They read it, too, maybe like six or seven hours ago.

Walnut sauce.

What does it look like?

Don't forget the pineal gland, part of your balanced diet.

These are all drops from Q. I think I'm just going to release the rest of my productions as they are, because everything that I said is really valid. I've found out all of this before in my old productions that you locked me up for. He is sending us coded messages.

Milk is Molech, and they put missing children on the back of it. It's a joke. all of my work revolves around this subject because once we resolve this subject all of the other problems will be resolved automatically this is the core of all of our problems and you hear lots of news about blah blah blah this and that and that and that and it's just distracting you from this because this is the only important thing once we realize this then we'll go and then over time we'll fix all of our problems but we're going to have cognitive dissonance from that and we're going to want to lock these people up because they're making a public disturbance because they're trying to reveal to you something really important we never learn what is wrong with you people it should have been obvious to you but you think that means that what i have to say is not important. Enjoy the new world order, my friends, for now all of those who you worship have been revealed. Not many of you will get through it alive, or maybe you will be alive

forever in hell. This was my honor walk in life. What was yours? Enjoy tomorrow.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



24-Our-Rapture-Lecture-11-Alice-in-Wonderland

Oedipus can't really read that very well, but this one you can learn how to pause This one is good too

Interesting script. You saw what I posted. It was exactly for This about politics related to current events. That's terrible. I

Just asked for help. They use code I recommend you go to this website here and see if you can decipher their code. You can search for whatever you want. There's also this one right here, Alice in Wonderland.

They communicate one to another through different types of methods with code and cryptology, ciphers and codes are very common a book can be used to descramble a message using such ciphers as the pig pen or the tic-tac-toe cipher you can see the up areas where they would be located the h the e and the u or there should be a y there probably with the dot like hey man m a and n pick pen and where they're at with the X's the double X's aren't just the 1010 communicating with another agent there were the communication with the telephone like 10 10 to 20 or 10 10 dial whatever toll free this and that that's about communicating it's codes being used through ciphers and communications through symbols that the regulars you know people in society aren't gonna pick up on so you have are you down with OPP naughty nature pig pen other people's property universal meanings with that right they were communicating with one another that's how they do it through their music you down with OPP every last homie yeah every last homie that's sold his soul that's under a label it says please help me get a cheap rental near the ANU Oh this is going to open a whole new world for me. I need to go to sleep soon. I haven't slept at all

HACK THE PLANET! HACK THE PLANET! HACK THE PLANET! HACK THE PLANET!

Eventually, I'm gonna be able to read this like normally. That's so cool. Oh

Why don't I teach this to everybody? This is cool oh it takes a while to get used to it but yeah so how long am I taking how am I doing pretty cool okay well at least I learned how to do it that's cool they interpreted it for me oh oh they're so not gonna allow me in oh what's gonna happen. You gonna do anything? You gonna allow me in? Okay. You won't allow me. Oh, I'm

so awesome. Why won't people give me a home? I'm pretty cool. Yeah, baby. The moment when

you realize that I was right about everything. Avery revealed all this in 2015 and before. We make them Satanists. What do you think? Everything they get you to worship. This is

the core of your democracy the unholy trinity let there be light here is the red pill for the entire world the time comes when silence is betrayal that time has come for us today look at the symbol. Remember it. Me, you, everybody. It's hard to swallow. A summary. Enjoy.

Here is the URL for all of those memes. Are you cute? If you are, thank you. 10 years of research just news headlines and stuff you're so not very smart not people whose people is it me you believe in science I knew all of this from a very young age because when I was reading the Bible I read a verse about how we should judge people on their fruits and not what they say so i did that and it stuck with me forever 5g already here what is true value depart from me you never knew me i think clearly when i don't sleep you just tell me the opposite it. Just because everybody tells me that doesn't make it true. I keep on finding these. Super

annoying. I was going to, but you'll see. It's the same people I'm working with. Stoney Stone and Ghost. I'm trying to. I wouldn't send money if I had an account to do it with

anyway. You missed it. He put an EXE up there. Should I try it? I don't know. I would if

I had a virtual machine ready, but I don't have a virtual machine ready, and that means if it screws up my computer, then I'm screwed.

I don't trust anybody. Why should I trust anybody?

Screw you. I really don't want to look at that crap.

Sure you're in kids?

I think you're kids.

Mmm.

Wow.

I knew it was going to be like this. Crazy.

It's just one out of the many.

I'm sorry, dude. I have to release this. I hope nothing goes back to you. My computer's been acting up.

Really strange. Yeah. Mmm. I love you, Ivory.

I'll find you. It's broken. Oh, no. Ah, see?

This is what happens. He's trying. And then he's here. I don't have the resources or bandwidth to release all this.

and it should be their job so i'm submitting it because they need to release this

close but no cigar but do you see how we're documenting the really important things as we go and that's what we do because we never go backwards we're always building a case and this case gets bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger and we have all the evidence i have over a thousand hours of evidence, but they won't listen until they see a video because then that video will shock everybody. Now let's catch these bastards together. I need your help. Let's find this video and make it public.

Many thought was, you know, this sort of doomsday storm occurred today over the country of Iran, where this massive sandstorm began ripping through Iran's southern city of Yazd that literally transformed day into night. Where at the same time, an extremely rare spring snow has hit several of Iran's northern provinces along with heavy rainfall in its western provinces today. This dense cloud dramatically reduced visibility and left thousands of people without electricity. Whereas just miles away from the storm, nervous onlookers sat and helplessly watched, terrified of this gargantuan wall of clouds, quickly approaching toward their homes.

And, you know, looking at all of this weather and this new sandstorm just now hitting Uran, it really makes one wonder whether all of this weather is just some freak natural occurrence or is the result of a highly secretive geoengineering project, or as I like to call it, weaponized weather, which has been well documented all over the world, in which technology down here on the ground as well as the seeding and spraying of our atmosphere, clouds, and storms has been utilized to modify and control the weather of earth. Look how hypocritical. Hello? Who's that?

Yeah, I can hear you. Is that ghost? Sorry? Because that's what I do.

I'm a documentary filmmaker, and I post everything that I do. You didn't write in the beginning, and you broke a written contract. I didn't break any written contract. There was no written contract. There was no contract.

It says, do not recirculate any portion. We have privacy rights. Okay, well, okay, okay, so I got, I'm on a much bigger, you're irrelevant, I'm irrelevant to the problems that are going on. going on so what you're saying is that we you're being selfish you're being extremely selfish and I'm recording this right now and this will be released in my video how idiotic you are because the thing is this is the only way any of us can protect ourselves is with the video camera and that's what I'm trying to show everybody is that you can protect yourself with the video camera do you think they'll be able to to say that I did the wrong thing when I would have it all on camera okay well I don't care I I'm allowed to record anything that's in my environment my whole environment is my is my is my canvas and I'm allowed to use that canvas in any way that I please I didn't bright I didn't break anything you responded to the emails did you not yes no I didn't no I didn't sue Sue me. Sue me. Sue me. Go on, sue me. I'm trying to save the world. Sue the guy that's

trying to save the world. Goodbye. Nice. You don't earn me, world. I do whatever the fuck

I want. Cover my tracks. Got nothing to hide. Here's the other guy. This keyboard so much

sucks. And I know they have a better one. They just make it hard for us. Like when you When you say live they always go love. Don't trust any humans. I'm not one of you. Not at all. Not a human. Sure. See what he's doing? You see? Bullshit.

Why is everybody so concerned about their own life? When there's lots and lots and lots of kids who are dying, and they can't, you know, weigh their own life against that happening, like, they, oh, now I've been busted, I gotta bail out of this, I don't know, like, what is wrong with humans? Look, so they have everything except Iran?

Dark sky. They won't talk to me. here is my dream team me and him and him and him and him but none of them will reply to me or i can't contact them this guy's pretty good but i don't think you follow the money i think you follow the little kids a call for an uprising is probably my favorite but it's kind of sad because he probably wouldn't like me because he really hates pedophiles definitely mr moot he's on the dream team brother sanchez is also on the dream team those are the people that i have come to trust so far but i can't talk to them because i have no way to connect with them Many times I comment on their videos telling them to contact me, but most of them have an audience. I don't have an audience. So they get lots and lots of comments, so they can never see those comments.

Master Greg Park is also on the Dream Team. Come back to me. I do think it's sad that they don't hold a camera because you have so many capabilities when you're on a computer and you're editing a video on a computer then you're disconnected from that video whereas I am connected to this video whether I'm holding it and showing you a video and you can see my emotional reaction or I can talk during it like holding a camera not only allows me to interact with it but it also allows me to express emotions within it and you can see how I feel about the things in which I say which I mean I guess through your tone of voice you can tell but but it's really disconnected You're putting an extra wall in between you and your audience, whereas I get very personal with my audience, which is no one because they hide me. It's not because my content is not worth looking at.

It's because of my message of true love. That's what I'm trying to say, my field.

You're inside my field, just like I'm inside yours. It's the fields, not the physical act.

They're afraid of letting the fields merge. It's a unifying of the forces.

They rush, complete the physical act, before the fields are charged.

They never experience the fields.

They think it's poetry, fiction, when somebody who's had it describes it. It's the big taboo. The one all the others grow out of. It isn't sex itself they're trying to stop. That is too strong. They can't stop it.

This, the unifying, it happens at death, but they try to steal it even then.

They've taken it out of sex.

That's why the fantasies and promiscuity, the search. It is not neurosis or perversion. It's a search. A desperate search. Everybody wants sex with an enemy. Hate mobilizes the field. And hate is safer. Safer than love. Love is too dangerous.

Forever searching. Never able to say love. Never able to feel it. Under control. They can't let us learn or the game is up. They had to stamp it out in the rest of us to control.

to control us. Drove it underground into the background noise. Mustn't break through. Break one taboo. Come close to the next. Finally, the wall breaks entirely. Get through like we get

through together. They can't have that. Got to keep us apart, splitting us white against black and men against women. The whole of society is set up to prevent this, to destroy love.

Oh Ivory, I do love you, worship you, adore you. I have spent too long looking for this video, and I really don't want to go around and look at snuff sites and hope I find it, because that will disturb me greatly. so I am going to stop looking for it and I will just utilize the resources I've been given today which is a whole lot and investigate into them it's a lot to take in and it's going to take a while to go through all of it I mean there's a lot of videos that talk about it and give me information too and it looks like it's all based on fact so that just gives me a whole bunch of resources to go through the people that I was working with trying to find this video have failed so I'm just going to stay in this chat and see if anybody finds it if someone finds it then I'll be the one to release it otherwise I'm not going to bother I shouldn't have to spend all this time I have better things to do with my time, then look for a video that they don't want me to see at the moment, because they control everything, you don't even realize everything in this world is controlled, everything is on a specific timeline, everything is like clockwork, this world is like a clock, this world is made by design, and everything happens when it happens, and it was meant to happen that way, and I don't know about free will either, because I think we're going to be what we are anyway and God knows what we did in the past and what we're going to do in the future and what we're doing right now so let me focus on what I have I had so many breakthroughs today I found so much information and it's all proof anyway even without the video if you're too stupid to look at the proof then and that's what I've been showing you all of these videos since Since Independence Year for Kids, or really since My Reflected Death, which is my second course, that's when I started to go into that. Which is in the beginning of, no, it was 2012. It was 2012 when I started giving evidence to all of this stuff.

and none of you care and you said, oh, that's not evidence because the TV doesn't tell me it's evidence or science doesn't approve it as being valid evidence, which makes no sense. Like, if I can prove all of this stuff empirically and with original documents, then how can that not be proof? Like, and you can see all the stories. Like, how stupid is this world?

We're such idiots. what we in order to wake up we need to see Hillary Clinton raping a little girl and then cutting off her face and then wearing it and then drinking her blood like what's wrong with us why are we so messed up that's really messed up a super weird like can't we just learn from what we can see and why do we trust sources that are proven as not being trustworthy it's really stupid also something about earlier that I was talking about about how they should be using a camera they should be using a camera like 360 degrees like you have no limits with with holding a camera and your mind should be structured to be able to look in circles and not just look like this or wait that's upside down not just look like this actually no that's right that's how you're all looking and and this is the truth or maybe this is the truth and this is how you're all looking I don't know but you need to learn to be able to look around you instead of straight in front of you or even really you're looking down you're not even looking straight in front of you because if you're looking straight in front of you then you could see what's happening here which is crazy this has been a really hard journey especially hard in my psychology because I just wanted to release it and get it over with but not having it and knowing it's out there and wanting to prove to all of you idiots once and for all has been really stressful for me and not caring about going to prison for it too like it wouldn't matter because then i could release all this footage but then they probably say oh it's only what's online or they probably they probably censor it all and then i don't know but either way you can see how i've been contacting the cia throughout it and and i am honestly a cia agent i gather intelligence for them and i do it in a way that nobody else does so you know let's just continue on without worrying about i don't want to be on the dark web the dark web is really sick like other people that can handle that sort of stuff should be investigating that and bringing it up to the surface for me to then expose like you idiots should be giving me this information so i can then convey it you know i have a huge book here that documents lots of lots and lots and lots of stuff and you should be sending it my way so i can then expose it but no one's like that i don't know what to do with you humans anymore like i i've tried and i tried and i tried and you're just stupid again and again and again and all you do is talk you don't talk about anything that's like important like you're not giving me new information like you can talk about like one subject uh for like you know what they've been talking about it for a long long long time and um like i'm talking like there was the first one she did was like uh one hour uh 11 minutes and one second or something like that but um and then she did it over three hours and then they were talking for like five hours before like and they're not giving any new information they're just talking about this oh how are we gonna do how we good like you need action and you need to develop strategies you need to build something and they're not building anything and why should i work with people who aren't going to make any commitments and who aren't going to build anything and if they're bringing all this to the surface then why did they even bring it up if they have no evidence like they're just going on hearsay like and and i know there's lots of videos out there from our politicians and our entertainers that are about this um and that will surface uh because eventually we'll wake up and we'll realize that it's not child pornography that's bad it's we need to use that child pornography to then catch the people who are creating it um like it's a crime if you're raping a child that's a crime uh so and if you're filming yourself raping a child and then you're releasing that then you should be able to use that to then find those people who rape rape the children and then arrest them like it's not rocket surgery and if you just expose this all of the other politics will eventually sort themselves out because then you'll get smart enough to eventually realize that you have to take control of not only your own life but the place in which you exist within and if that requires you to force laws to be changed in order for you to exist to help the life then that's what you have to do and that's what i've done and it's taken me seven years to do it and i still haven't gotten anywhere because you all call me crazy and lock me up for trying to save the world anyway I don't think I'll have time to release it in time have a good night guys because my flight's on the 20th and I can't leave it right before I leave and I can't do anything on the 20th because I have to return the router and pay for the cancellation fee and I don't speak Spanish so that's not going to be easy so the 20th through to like the 23rd or the 24th or maybe even the 25th depending on how long it takes me to set up on Black Mountain I will be out and not be able to give you anything so but I will be to give you one more tomorrow so hopefully we'll find out a lot of information tomorrow as well

have a good night world war three end of the world something like that



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



24-Our-Rapture-Lecture-12-Forbidden-Fruit

Just good information for my future endeavors as a spy. Don't need these.

Here's the one I need.

I have to pay between 3,500 to 4,000 pesos for the internet because I had to go on a year contract, and I have not finished that year contract. So, oh well, that's fine. I got a lot more money I thought I would get. At what age will you let your children free?

Mary was 12 years old when she was married.

Purple.

By coddling them, they stay immature for a very long time, oftentimes into their late adulthood. They also then explore sexually with a lot of different people instead of choosing one person because in that time when they needed to find that person and explore sexually, you did not allow them to. Your Age of Consent practice destroys society and makes them promiscuous.

But somehow this Age of Consent thing has to do with God? Yeah?

You ascribe properties to Jesus and God that Jesus and God never introduced. In an ideal society, intercourse would not occur until after marriage. Isn't that the point of the honeymoon? We have lost our ways.

An older man is much more mature and capable of protecting her and educating her. And this also maximizes the longevity of her fertility.

Therefore, what God has joined together, let no one separate.

This is my bride, and we will spend the rest of time making philosophy courses. Please tell me if you have seen her. Because we always end where we began. Do you think by introducing an age of consent protected your children?

Or just the opposite? No, that's not gonna happen. I don't care. We're all trapped.

I'm okay being fucked. I'm pretty protected. It took me 10 years. Yeah, there's a lot.

It's going to take me some time. Yes, I'm going to have to wipe my computer after it's finished uploading. So I took out the SD card. I just go here.

I just go remove everything. And then I go just quick remove because I don't care. Yep, and I reset the PC. And it'll take a while.

And it'll restart soon, so. Yeah, good. It must be in some strange format. No offense? How can that not be offensive?

So stuff like this shouldn't be free. He kicked me out of the channel. However, now the video has been verified by many sources and eventually it will have to come out. It's destined to come out.

He kicked me out of the channel for trying to save the world. So, if I did the right thing and didn't record those conversations, then how would I have protected myself? A camera can protect you if you do these things. If you take risk on camera, then you have evidence as to why you took them and what you did and what happened.

And people are idiots and if I didn't get those conversations down in which they didn't know that I was recording, then that would have been bad for me because I would have had all this traffic looking for this thing without any evidence as to why I was looking for it. In a fair hearing, a court case could never condemn you because they know exactly what you are doing.

But the problem is that they probably won't submit the evidence in as evidence as with me when they kept on locking me up. They would ignore the evidence and I would keep pointing them to the evidence and then they would just ignore it and act like I'm crazy. Maybe it was just my job to judge this world. There you have it.

A life documentary. I'm sorry I couldn't help. I'm sorry that they hid me. And I'm sorry that you weren't receptive.

Your region is set to the United States. Is that right? No. Which region do you want to use?

Australia. That you want to use Australia. Yes. Yes.

Citibank? So when you see standing in the holy place, the abomination that causes desolation, understand and flee Mystery Babylon and go into the mountains. It is. It is a long-standing tradition in many tribal communities that the firstborn child of any couple shall be presented with an apple randomly picked from a tree by their paternal grandparents on the day of their birth.

If the chosen apple is sliced open and revealed to have a worm inside, it is a bad omen. And on their 21st birthday, the child must perform a dance to the fruit gods to spare the lives of their own offspring.

Processing information.

You did now, baby. how you like them apples she was nice she probably won't be after she realizes what i'm doing here but i don't care save our children please no one listens to me so i can't do anything so i leave tomorrow at 4 30 i arrive in sydney at 4 30 p.m the next day and then I arrive to Canberra at 9 30 p.m. so I'll be getting in at night and I don't have a place to stay so that might be difficult I have to exchange my money hopefully at Sydney let's see this is always really difficult when flying me no preference I have all of these to watch however I won't have time to download them all before I leave to Australia since I will be living on top of a mountain I will be leaving most of my stuff here I'm just going to have this bag and this bag I don't really care but this one's annoying but like like this book which I wrote in this book which i wrote but it doesn't matter um i was hoping to give them to ivory when i found her but they just take up room and uh and if i got caught with them then they would incriminate me for being a superhero and this world doesn't like superheroes i just want to clarify everything beginning to end as best as i can and assure you guys that this isn't something that is not being taken care of because it is it is so let me get to it okay it will all come out soon julian assange has a copy they will receive a mark on their right hand it also forced all people great and small rich and poor free and slave to receive a mark on their right hand so that they could not buy or sell unless they had the mark which is the name of the beast or the number of its name they're all right now actively I wonder why even if it is, Epstein Island isn't a big day today. Sky event? Oh, I get it. If it is fake, then it was

a plan to get a lot of people looking on the dark web to see what is truly real, which it is real, and if there's not a video of Hillary, she still does it. Good way to awaken the people, because all of this is still true whether or not there's a video of her doing that. It is not what goes into the mouth that defiles a person but what comes out of the mouth that defiles a person.

I hope you enjoyed the course, R. Rapture. that quote was not talking about what you eat but instead what you take in and then what comes out of you i love you all of you even the idiots i think i should do this right this time dear yahweh my everything please please give me my ivory


༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
https://republicka.life
https://kkk.education
CC0 PUBLICKÁ DOMÁNIA
ALL LOVE RESERVED
AMORIARIACKA IS MY NATIVE TONGUE
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻