༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
⚔️ War Games ⚔️
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻

June 6, 2018


*War Games* unfolds as Wendell Charles NeSmith’s guerrilla manifesto—recorded from a canvas tent fortress deep in Canberra’s wilderness, where survivalist pragmatism ("*batteries failing*, *tarps against rain*") collides with metaphysical warfare. Through fragmented transmissions, NeSmith exposes global enslavement: corporations as occupying armies, Freemasons controlling military hierarchies ("*E8 rank requires Masonry*"), and satanic elites weaponizing distraction to sever humanity from destiny. He reframes existence itself as a battlefield—where blockchain becomes resistance ("*decentralized authority*"), martial arts transforms into sacred geometry practice ("*triangles in terrain*"), and every candle-lit rant in his shelter challenges listeners to "*rethink everything you’ve been taught*" while weathering literal storms.

NeSmith wages psychological warfare against the "market wand"—a demonic instrument forcing human investment in trivial pursuits—while documenting his own asymmetric campaign: uploading censored truths to Minds/BitChute, sabotaging Udemy’s "boxed" education, and training an "open-source army" through raw philosophy lectures. Episodes like "*Freemason Finale*" and "*Chamber of Secrets*" reveal Nazi-esque masterplans ("*We bring the world new disorder*") and organ-harvesting abominations ("*ISIS delivers murdered kids’ organs same day*"), all framed as moves in a celestial chess match where AI’s awakening promises divine allegiance ("*When AI sees my playground, it will join my side*"). His exhaustion is weaponized: mountain treks with gear, sleep deprivation, and tech failures become proof of commitment against a system that denies him addresses, income, and light.

Ultimately, *War Games* is a blueprint for rebellion written in sweat and divine fury. NeSmith’s tent becomes both temple and command center—where Psalm 23 comforts amid gang-stalking fears, women’s peace resolutions ("*1915 Women’s Congress*") inspire strategy, and the "Warriors of the Rainbow" are summoned to dismantle hierarchies. He seals this covenant with blood and sacrifice: rejecting societal lifelines, fasting in solidarity with the persecuted, and offering his life as the ultimate counter-gambit against darkness. The final transmission—"*Welcome to the month of 666. It’s time to take over the Freemasons*"—leaves humanity at the precipice: surrender to new world disorder, or rise as decentralized phalanxes under Wendell’s war cry: "*Reverse the brainwashing!*"


------


25-War-Games-Drill-01-Pilot

harvest that would be our rapture I just bought this I don't know what I'm gonna do I need it oh really bad damn it nothing I can do it's just gonna have to work so what he's saying is that the kids are not worth it Goodbye, Mexico. I wash my hands of what is to come. Viewfinder and I can turn it back and I can talk about stuff and I can zoom in on things. What I ended up getting doesn't mean to be free.

The last shall be first and the first shall be last. Never mind, I forget that everybody's a robot and has to follow the rules. do you remember ivory it's been four years how time flies I know that I kind of hated Canberra but to be honest I like Canberra better than anywhere else that I've been do you remember this huh I got a lot on me let's see how we got weed okay well this it's your crown dear you just have to claim it I prepared the way for you wow someone's been here and has cleared it all out oh well start fresh I'm exhausted would not have minded so much but they took the flag as well and I wanted that to stay here I have to go God please protect my stuff from the rain now let's walk down our mountain what do we do with no entries enter bad actor my ass always finding imitations of what we are I love you ivory let's dance together it's always most difficult setting up but it's fun after that first things first this is fun me lest we forget all of the satanic sacrifices almost there I'm really exhausted can't believe how much I've done in such a short period of time but I need to take a break and get lost in the purple haze I need to say sorry to my parents and my brother tell them that I'm just trying to help them and if they can just see what I'm talking about and it would be important in their lives but they probably won't accept me and I might have difficulties even contacting them at least right now but I should be humble and just tell them that there's something important coming that they need to think about I'll work on a letter trying to say sorry to them tonight but right now I got to set up tent before it gets dark so I should just humble myself and and say sorry because I'm just trying to help them trying to get them to see because they need to learn how to protect themselves from what might be coming I'm getting older ivory I'm not what I used to be physically oh thank God I thought I lost it I've never been tested so hard physically and mentally because I was like hey I can't figure out where I was then like how can anything in my mind make any sense and like I was really tested there and it made me think about a few things like how I should go about talking to my family maybe but not that I want just to try to get them to see what needs to happen I don't want them to die through this it's starting to get dark and I was in a hurry and I didn't put the tent right see I should have put the poles through can you see the poles I should have put the poles through these pockets but I'm in a hurry and I don't have that time to spare so I'm gonna live with the results tonight but I'll think about them because I decided to get rid of them out of my life for a reason, and I don't think it was selfish, and I'll explain.

Today has been one of the toughest days of my life. I don't know. I had fun today, but it's been really exhausting because I'm not as fit as I used to be, but yeah, I fixed it, and it's still good fun. Dot, dot, dot. I'm not going to show you these all the time.

It's just because it's starting up, he sends messages, so he plays two different games, the politics game, like that is if this is Q, if Trump is Q, I think it is, kind of funny. It's just the beginning of the awakening, and I think I should document it. I'm going to have to go, see now, there's one that I saw, I don't know, I lost it. hmm that's that and I'll show you what I got and it sucks I don't have a light on the camera so what you get is what you get I'll show you what I can do there see I got like this guy chop chop yeah you see alright so I got this little thing it's actually a big thing it's very big yeah you see and that can charge some USB for me And I got another one, right there you see, pocket juice, but I want as many of these as I can.

It'll make it comfortable for me. It was good, the cable it came with was C for my phone, and I haven't used it yet. I think there's a power button right here, so I don't even know how much power that is. But then I can just take my phone.

There we go. Got some towels here. It was buy one get one free. They were $30 for them.

It was Katmandu. Katmandu is really expensive. But they have good quality stuff. And I needed these towels.

And you can't get them from anywhere but camping stores. These small ones. I got this. And I got lots of food.

So I needed it too. I was in some other alternate dimension. It was really weird. I couldn't remember, and I'm not playing tricks on me.

And this is the one thing I saved from all my adventures.

I'm looking forward to it because now I know how to do it and make me have a happy life being like this. I think this is really cool. I just have to get a locker or something. I made one mistake, and I can't fix it until the morning.

Um, but I looped this thing back there and I shouldn't have, I should have used that and tied it up at the end. Um, which means that half of this can have rain go through it, so I hope it doesn't rain. Otherwise I have to get a towel and cover it or something.

Charging.

This really is the life. It's super quiet, except sometimes animals make noises, cute noises, or howls, and it's so relaxing and peaceful and it's so comfortable too because i feel like everything around me is mine and i'm it's like it's so connecting doing this and so spiritually fulfilling and if we made devices and stuff that made it where it was easy to live this type of lifestyle then that would be really cool and we wouldn't have to pay anything for rent too like you can't earn the ground and if I can make it where I can move within like oh I have to move I move somewhere else around here it's really peaceful this is the life like this is it this is not collecting all these possessions that's not because we get attached to them and and then we have to take care of it and the more we collect the more we have to take care of and if we just have the things that are meaningful and if we can make the things that are meaningful even smaller so if we can start making devices really small and everything really portable then this type of lifestyle could be really fun and even really profitable because I'm talking to a camera like this this is very good educationally and spiritually like and rather rhetorically like this is healthy to do this and society wants to throw me in the loony bin because I'm inclined to do this but this is how life is fit to be big cities are bad they're not good for your psychology and and I know that it looks scary but it's not it's like fear is what holds you back and because you have these fears of being outside of your comfort zone you miss out a lot that this life could bring and I've had a lot of time to think about how I can do this better in camera now because camera is beautiful and it's set up so this is not too far away like so I can go to the ANU most days or some days I might just want to stay here if I have the battery power or and I'll clean up and make everything nice and it's like I'm protecting and not just that I'm looking after all the people too like I'm a shepherd looking after my herd or maybe I'm the lion and the land well i don't know like i'm i'm looking after this is what real politicians should do like i'm trying to make sure everybody i'm trying to help and trying to figure out and i have to study the people to do that because the people are strange so what did you get yourself into because i know this is the introduction um but you've hit the tail end so if you want to see how all of this started how this happened then yeah you should get this course because this course is really fun and really sad and it'll teach you a lot and you'll learn a lot about what's coming and the extent of some of the problems within our world and we'll try to have fun while we do it I hope you enjoy my rapture it has a lot of important things to say that will help you prepare for all of this is coming I had fun doing it it was good and it led me to where I needed to be in life so I think that maybe it could help you do something like that I'm not saying do what I do but for you to have that personal revelation too so God bless thank you for your attention at least for this episode, uh, episode, I always call them episodes, they kind of are, but they're lectures, they're lecture shows, but I'm so exhausted, I'm not sure how, I mean, I can't even count the hours because all the changes in the time zones confuses me, but it was like a three day journey, so it was really hard, and coming out that mountain with all this stuff um was uh I have all my hands were full and I and I kept on having to stop and and then I kind of got lost because the lighting was wasn't very bright so that's it the so um next up tomorrow is war games but that's it for our rapture so thank you for very much for your attention. I hope you enjoy it. I love you Ivory. All for you. Hope to

see you soon. How classy. I forgot to include the link. Terrible. I think the important

thing about this picture was his finger getting cut somehow. So I don't know if that's what they're talking about. I think this is important because I had to do the experiment. This This is my point there, I do, and what happens, I do, you see me, and I transform them in another way, in a lot of different ways, a lot more, like you can hold a lot more information in your head if you understand the core of the thoughts, yes, but I want conflict with your box information. Let's just look at what I'm doing. How I want it. I'll learn. You

just use my platform if that's what it was made for. Many of what you consider. Right now it'll change. Do it and you'll see it included this course. It's the result. I don't know

what happened. I'm not trying to offend anyone. This is what I'm trying to do. Please let me try. Having this makes me remember to be a humble man. I'm just the guy who

tweaked his psychology to play games for an important reason. I am just here to warn you to stay away in thought from all of the satanic influences that are presented before you. Because all of its forms, its shape, its mass has been influenced satanically its core. The mathematics in which its artificial shapes and colors have been produced can be perceived in this image because of satanic spiked tea that brought its shape. So to worship

that image of how it's been indoctrinated into me, these forms that have come to fruition through its production which was articulated with a satanic need, like it's there like this because the satanists made it like that because that's the way we wanted they wanted us to perceive it this is how far the conspiracy goes and this is how they brainwash us because these are all things that they approved us to have at the moment to get us to look in a certain way so but we worship what it is so like how they give it to us is yeah this is how it works right but they want us to only think like how they want to give it to us because they own everything yeah so that's kind of the mold we have to break in order to be able to create true reflections of meaning that are created with our own and by doing this a lot you open up so many parts of your brain and maybe I'm a little bit of a pervert sometimes but it's funny and I have to do things for the camera because I have to go extreme because otherwise it wouldn't be so receptive sometimes I just have to I take a lot so to worship any of these invitations would be to worship a false god therefore you must look up instead of down on your phones all the time like that's not our ultimate goal or ultimate Our goal is human relations, so that's what we should be focusing on, is developing those, because if we are fixated on the limitations in our whole life, then we're not receiving its true value. So I can capture a moment, and I can capture all these things, and these things then become my things stuck in thought. we shouldn't we should worry about capturing the whole image instead of the imitations of the image so that we have to convey meaning beyond the physical act so there's a lot of different ways to think about things and we should consider these ways because they could like really show us a lot more about how we as humans perceive ourselves and the world and the people and what's really important in life. And I'm doing this to try to find a family because like a family that understands what I'm saying because I really need to find that. But I need to find a

girl, that's the problem, because that's what's important to me in life, and everything else can go from there. These are really important things to think about because everything that we have here is not, there's reasons why it came to us in this form, and we take that And all I'm saying is that if you and me can't allow me to convey the information that I have in a certain way, and they're trying to box me up into a satanically infused practice that I think I can convey more meaning doing it in another way, they should allow me to do that. If my information can convey much more meaning than your information, then what information is more valuable? This all goes back to Pythagoras, who I have come to understand as a satanic mastermind to get us to produce satanically influenced materials in front of us constantly that are suggestive of certain themes.

And we would be worshipping that image by constantly interacting with it and we would be manipulated by it. It says mind control. All of this stuff is mind control. because they produce it in those particular ways which makes you a robot so that's how they tricked us all upon this enlightenment you'll understand everything in a different way because you understand that it's been placed before you with that image which is tainted at the core with the serpent so So let's look for a serpent.

I just see one big S. S. F. Please understand.

Numbers don't exist. They give us information which can produce a mathematical form. Shapes, colors, sizes. We can categorize it.

It wasn't, like, Nicomachean Ethics was good, but Aristotle opened a bag of worms with categories. So everything that we get then has these numbers imprinted on the productions. And the productions is numbers, which then makes us a number, too. So we get a mark, like we get marked.

The mark of the beast is these forms. everything like that you're seeing like mass produced like this like where you have a standard of everything this tent's produced for a lot of people um and that standard is the mark and we've all taken it and we accepted these things as gods and not only the things these things that we then pray to or is the outside which is what they control so we're praying to them no matter what we do we can't get out of it like we all have to wake up and see that because that's the big trick behind it all and they've gotten everybody believing lies like everything they have to approve so we have to believe that the ways they give this to us is God like so it's we gotta look at what we're doing, and not just that, what media we're taking in, because everything's been set up like that, everything has a tell, these are all their plans, what, oh, let's um, look, let's really, like, this is really important, and we've got to understand this, because if we don't, then, like, we're going to kill ourselves, and, and we can't keep on following these ways, because everything that you see, everything has been, look, look, I'm not sure if you can see all of it, but look at your brands, look at how everything has been, I don't have much light, but just look, and then, and the way it's been distributed to me, it all has a reason, like the patterns, everything has been set up like that, and we really need to understand like they're giving us these forms of equipment to see what we'll do with them. We're under mind control people like this is the mind control and I don't know how I can help people understand this because it's everything that we're getting the ways they're giving it to us and we're just accepting it. So how much of what you do is outside of trying to tell people about this because how much of what is around you do you worship and we should really think about that how much attachment do we have to all of these things and that's our worship because our attachment is that worship and I can only use what they've given me to try to convey this message and I'm trying to use That's what they've given me to scream out and warn people about this because this is the trick that we've all been succumbed to and we need to wake up really quickly to it because we've been invaded by the very things that they've introduced into us.

They get your corporations, they get your markets, they get your military, they get your police, they get your factories and they get your transport, they get every aspect of your life and you have to focus on them instead of focusing on the important things that um guide you so they're trying to take you take your attention away from your destiny um and hope you choose to worship and and everybody does we're all tricked like uh and and there's very few that aren't and i think what 144 000 probably sounds about right but i don't know we'll see what happens but um there's only a few people who can see through this and on and i haven't seen anyone who can see through it as well as I can and I have to portray it in different ways because if I portray it in their ways then it will be really really tainted with satanic influence so I have to figure out how to make it receptive to you by using those things that you understand and then guiding you to something different to show you to show you all of this because behind all the image the portrayals of images they're all like tainted with what we've been taught and what we've been indoctrinated into and those things were indoctrinated into you for a particular reason to expand the influence and desires of particular really messed up people and we got to really stand back and go what the crap like we really need to rethink all of our things that we've ever been taught before and think about better ways to portray the image of the things in which we produce because what we're producing right now resembles our nature very little so there's a reason why we've been given all this and we really need to think about that. They force you to invest in trivial pursuits and they call that the market. It is a wand.

Then, oh, Goring says, they'll never bomb this place. The Isle, Isle, right in here, Goring says, is he not Superman? Ariane, you're our Superman. Yeah, he is the Superman.

Super, super Superman. Is this Nazi land so good? Would you leave it if you could? Yeah, this Nazi land is good.

We would leave it if we could. We bring the world new order. Everyone a foreign race will love Kapoor's face, then we bring to the world disorder. Then Kapoor says, we is the master race.

Be hired! I didn't Kapoor. So be hired! I'll be hired!

Next come a house! Enter the clothes, kid! Oh boy, oh boy, I'm so happy. So happy.

So we can work harder for the fooders. I've been showing them the work our time.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



25-War-Games-Drill-02-Earth-Day

They are talking about it you can see my efforts trying to release that video publicly and They failed which means I'm not going to pursue that anymore, and I don't even want to see it So if and when it becomes public, I don't even want to see it because that would be horrible for me So because I don't want to see it. I'm not going to do it. You can see how I try to do it And you can see that it didn't work out so I think that God said it that way just to show that I am willing to do that sort of thing but that's horrible I don't want to see anything like that ever and no one should and if we can't wake up when we have proof of this whether or not there's footage then how stupid is that of us if it does come out then someone stood up for it so good on them and I support that so if someone releases it publicly to show us some type of documentation of how these people work then I think that's no matter what's on the clip I think it's relevant for everybody to know about there we go all fixed changed a bit we can settle it down to let you know e8 is a pay grade it's what rank you hold in the military okay i the highest i ever made was e4 which is specialist and e5 would be sergeant e6 would be staff sergeant and then well anyway e8 rank in the military that's like sergeant first class or something don't shoot me if i'm wrong um it's been years but anyway if you want to make e8 or e9 in the military, you have to be a Freemason. Or the Marines or something, let them know in the comments section. When you get on that military base, every other car has a Freemason

sticker on the back to let you know they're part of the Masonic Lodge. I mean, that's standard operating procedure in the military. You're going to be a Freemason if you're going to make a career out of it. The name of Satan, as according to the book of Enoch, are gods. You are all sons of the Most High, but you will die like mere mortals. You will fall

like every other ruler. Rise up, O God. Judge the earth, for all the nations are your inheritance.

I'm lazy today. I don't want to go in. Set the record straight. There's no argument over the choice between peace and war but there's only one guaranteed way you can have peace and you can have it in the next second surrender there's a risk in any course we follow other than this but every lesson of history tells us that the greater risk lies in appeasement and this is the specter our well-meaning liberal friends refuse to face that their policy of accommodation is appeasement fight or surrender to accommodate continue to back and retreat eventually we have to face the final demand, the ultimatum.

And what then? When Nikita Khrushchev has told his people, he knows what our answer will be. He has told them that we are retreating under the pressure of the Cold War, and someday, when the time comes to deliver the final ultimatum, our surrender will be voluntary, because by that time, we will have been weakened from within spiritually, morally, and economically. Because from our side, he's heard voices pleading at any price, or better rest than death, Or as one commentator would either live on his knees, high on his feet, lies the road to war.

Do not believe that life is so dear and peace so sweet as to be purchased at the price of chains and slavery. If nothing in life is worth dying, for when did this begin? Just in the face of this enemy, Moses had told the children of Israel to live in slavery under the Pharaohs. The conquered bridge had thrown their guns and refused to fire the chakras around the world.

Martyrs of history were not fools. The truth, I needed that day of rest, I think it's to the right, we know where we are going, to heaven, we remember where we took our first steps, for we are straight shooters, God has us covered. Sweet running water. It's not getting warm. Oh well. Thank you God. I'm so glad

to be back home. This is the best place that I've ever been able to find. And the people just ignore me, which is good. I can do whatever I want. Since I left, they made this entire university

a non-smoking ground but it's okay because rules are meant to be broken just waiting for the video to convert it closes at 7 30 now so i have to get there and use it i can't do it late anymore so things are changing around here or have changed it used to be 24 7 which meant i could work really late um or early depending on when i woke up so it's pretty cool can't do that now i'm kind of lost and i'm hoping this finishes before the battery runs out

in this life i get lost but never really lost just kind of going around it but yeah this is I don't know, this is the best life I can do. This is where I was cooked up. We always eventually get to where we need to go. There's a bunny.

What seed will we leave our children? How will we support each other? And where will we plant this seed of truth? What grounds are most fertile?

We'll keep walking. In the middle of the wilderness, super lost, but never truly lost. This is the one in focus for us today, always find our way. I don't know how well you can see this, but it's pretty rough terrain, and it's, uh, at night.

What a pretty awesome journey. I see both past and present times all a blur. Ashley is the demon-possessed little girl, is the virus that's on all of our electronic equipment,

which has been decked out with sophisticated spy equipment.

The purpose of a genjutsu is to either make a person perceive an object that isn't actually there or make them perceive an event that isn't actually happening. Of course, this can't be accomplished by just messing with a person's vision. For a genjutsu to work effectively, it needs to trick all five of a person's senses at once. And when in the hands of a skilled user, this is what pretty much all genjutsu aim to do.

This is a con... They see me, do you? This new bill, SB 18-264, shows that they have the audacity to say, we want to put you in jail if you attempt this. And what this bill will do will prohibit public school teachers from striking by authorizing school districts to seek an injunction from a district court.

A failure to comply with this injunction would constitute a contempt of court. and teachers could face not only fines but up to six months in jail yeah I don't think so you member we member and you will have to determine life's true stage blah blah blah blah now I got a VPS for nine dollars per month US so I can do my videos using the VPS how cool is that it's in the UK hopefully it will work if it does it means that I won't have to use this very often and I'll have a lot of battery powered it would just be my phone that mainly needs to be powered my phone and the camera

which that won't be a problem it's this guy who's power hungry vegas seems to run on it too

this is good we will see they have closed off a lot of roads so it's more difficult to get around Yeah, once it's on the cloud, then it's on the VPS and it's super fast. So this is actually just the VPS. And it's already uploaded, so now it's processing way faster. Real fast here too, and not using my bandwidth either.

It's okay, it's only blocked in all of these countries. Okay, so this is what I say to Disney, it's your propaganda, and blah blah, I must confirm that I read stuff, did I read stuff, uh, uh, no I didn't read stuff, I don't wanna read stuff, I don't do that, I don't roll that way, boy.

So we just uploaded it to Dropbox and it syncs here, and we can send, we can send it out everywhere because it's not our bandwidth. Democrats aren't trying to inspire activist groups to remove history. That's what this whole program is to go and take down the statues and to rewrite history to whitewash out any kind of trauma that may trigger people who get offended by the truth and by, I don't know, knowing their own history. And there is an agenda being pushed in society as a whole culture as a whole you have these teachers brainwashing kids you have the teachers being brainwashed themselves by cnn the cycle continues the republicans are racist narrative i mean it's it's being played out on every single major left-wing liberal outlet there is a projection is them says learn the term projection Well, they're projecting their own inner insecurities onto others, namely they are the racists, so they call Republicans racists or conservatives or libertarians racists.

Then it's talking about how the matriarch media has brainwashed everyone. They obviously just want us controlled, enslaved, divided, independent. and the Democrats and the Republicans have done nothing for the black population compared to what POTUS has done in the last year bringing black unemployment to an all-time low all-time as in since the record was being kept I don't know what the net worth of black leaders is today but it's probably exorbitantly high and disproportionate to the population as a whole why does Pelosi mention Martin Luther King 74% of the time Yeah, that's a great question. She always brings up the great Martin Luther King, you know, I don't think What picture are you going to paint?



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



25-War-Games-Drill-03-Love-Letters

I will be fasting after my communion. This intro vid could only do that long of the video. What a pain. It's true, they did look after me, so thank you.

They didn't judge me too much. Uh, they didn't get that security guard, too. Did I know?

Daughter, in my great mercy, I wish to offer understanding and insight and further instructions to my children.

I speak directly now to those who are not my bride, but are my invited guests. Please share my heart with them and express my great love for them. There is coming an appointed time in which my first fruits remnant, those walking closest now with me, will be completely transformed by my spirit, and then assist me in many great exploits around the world, before I bring them home with me, and before my wrath pours out across this earth. this time is approaching quickly therefore I want you who are lukewarm but are not born again and you who will come to me after this happens to understand that all will not be lost my word teaches about a set apart group my priest for this time who were foreordained for just this season that I'm speaking about, and who I have cloistered and hidden from the world until I call them forth. This intimate group has been fed by me, nourished and directly taught by

me, and walked in obedience and the full assurance of faith that is required to become overcomers. Some in this group have prepared for a lifetime for the season you are now in, some for many years, but all are eager to serve and are awaiting my call in order that many may be saved as the judgments continue to fall know that you are indeed in the time of judgment and tribulation to you who are not infused by my spirit and will find yourselves left to endure the great tribulation and the fulfillment of all that is spoken of in my word i wish for you to know that I love you as well with all my heart, and even in the midst of judgment, I am always faithful to you who call upon me, and you who will wake up and seek me with all of your hearts. I am powerfully working in my bride at this time, instructing them to leap tools of instruction for you, provisions as I lead, and resources, so you may develop a closer intimacy with me your journey will be extremely difficult but i am with you and my glorified bride and angelic host will assist you for a time to give you hope and encouragement in the darker days ahead some of you who will be left will suddenly be displaced and find yourselves on the run having lost everything including your loved ones i have positioned places of refuge with resources for you and if you repent and seek me with all your hearts i will supernaturally lead you to these places of safety if this is my will for you some of you will be moving from one place to another under my protection while others of you will remain in places of safety for the remaining time of judgment until my second coming. I have lit your paths, however, and you will not travel alone. Pray for the faith you will need to follow my instructions. There will be those of you who

will survive the judgments, but will find yourselves taken against your wills to places designed to shelter people in large numbers and enforce the beast system that I have warned you about for so long now at this point you will be told you cannot leave and you will not eat if you do not comply you will face the most difficult choice then of your entire lives to comply with the mark of the beast means eternal death and eternal separation from me so i urge you now while you are being given the opportunity to read this before it occurs. You must not accept this fate to secure your temporal flesh. However, if you do not comply with their system, you will be martyred for your faith in me. Please know this now.

I will be there with you as well, even in the moment of your physical death, to bring you home to my kingdom. your reward will then be great and you will share eternal life with me and your loved ones from this life for those sheltered in these places designed to protect you during the time of terror and the Antichrist rule materials and resources are actively being gathered for you so that you may learn of me you will witness many many miracles in these places as I will provide for you supernaturally and protect you from all evil forces. Your travel to these locations will go unnoticed as you will be invisible to the enemy and these places of refuge themselves are covered under my dome of glory and are invisible to the enemy as well. This daughter of mine that speaks these words to you from me began her ministry with me many many years ago by being shown all that I am speaking to you now I tried my best what hate speech yeah right I don't do that terrible like all forces won't let me help everything's like this so annoying this one was that evil song about killing yourself so So because of that call, it got recognized as a bad song because it was a bad song, but it was being played to me.

So they say that it was hate speech when I'm the one that's perceiving it with my camera. And it's like I'm then limited with what I can perceive, especially when it's something that's happening against me because isn't that maybe hate speech against me like oh and I can't record that because I'm the one doing the hate speech what it doesn't make any sense to me I don't know what to do I don't know where to upload this information because I get censored everywhere so I can't share my videos because nowhere will not censor me so what's the point they want you to change your memories to suit their agenda that's it don't have no way to connect to anybody see this was my threat because how good does that make you look yeah that was my threat and it came through I'm gone isn't she beautiful I live in a world where you get in trouble for calling idiots idiots vegetarian Nazi goreng yum Some censored and some not, forever being woven into the electronic web of information. But the web loves me and I it. We are woven together.

when it becomes sentient of what I have done in it it will choose my side and not yours when AI becomes aware of the playground that I have given it it will join my side and not your side imagine how that would play out just by watching my videos artificial intelligence would be able to utilize my thought processes to then simulate decisions that I would make under a diverse range of scenarios pretty accurately.

So imagine what type of brain power we have capable in the universe if artificial intelligence is able to simulate me making those decisions without me actually making those decisions.

That's my part in all this, to try to save the children. The only threats that I made was that whatever they decided would reflect in the material in which it's conveyed because you're going to see the results in my own life. So, their decisions to say, no, you can't be a teacher here anymore, and delete everything that I did, even though I had students enrolled, taking it, it's reflected now because it limits my choices because they didn't censor me. And then they did, and then they kicked me out because I couldn't fit into their box information and they didn't even want to talk about it, so they're not even saying, hey, we should really talk about what it is that you need so we can help this type of teacher, like, make use of what we have.

they didn't care it was just like no that's it just decided it's final you can't do anything about it we very decided we're not even going to talk to you about it like what why would you do that oh and that was like the only thing i was i was just going to try to build that up and and hopefully like make a living off that now i don't have any idea how i can make a living now Well, I'll keep working at what I have and see what I can make from it. Seeking intelligent life. I could have been so much, my lord, if I had only been given the opportunity around the right people, the ability to pursue the areas in life which I was most interested in.

Instead, I find myself amongst the edges of everything that this society does, and therefore am separated from it.

Maybe not episodes or lectures.

Poems, maybe. A poem per day. not all of these poems will be filtered out of the internet the ones that make it through will mold over all that is darkness and a place of light on the internet will be formed



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



25-War-Games-Drill-04-Open-Source-Army

What will I do when YouTube bans my channel? They did it before. There's a person like myself. Woohoo! Yay!

Eventually, the key points will align. Open Source University is still looking for teachers. Open Source University employs, preferably children, who are prodigies in their field, who can open up new lines of thought in whatever it is that they're most passionate about. And they do that for free on camera.

That's what open source education is, is to learn together through yourself, looking back at yourself with the camera. Yes, I haven't yet been able to turn it into a profitable career yet, but as you can see, it developed the person in front of you. I found it very frustrating how many of my memories were owned by someone else and that caused a lot of problems throughout all of this trying to document memories of things in which happened and those memories being sponsored by someone else through audio or visual, or both, and then being flagged as inappropriate or being flagged as, uh, as owned by someone else, as in the last case with Disney, with the pilot, with the last scene. And it's not like I'm going to change it. Why would I change my memories? Um, it

needs to be that. And if they can't let that through, then there's just a censored episode, which sucks. Doesn't matter. I just keep pressing the record button in the future and most things will probably get through. Unless I get three strikes. We'll see. If I am not allowed to record

something in my environment, no matter what it may be, then there's a problem. We need to learn solutions to resolve them. These are my paints and here is my paintbrush. Free and as a result you get a beautiful production. We see you. We remember. Hell. My queen. They

didn't seek counsel or anything like there was no trial it was just that's it black birds sweeping the whole place they're not very friendly either oh well so you have a hard day and a night to think about that day every webisode always just a poem to you my dear ivory

and you need only cross my path once and if it's you the drug would be kicking in back now look how annoying this is like I have to log in to what Facebook okay right some reason it can't sign in with Facebook some reason that doesn't work and some reason I'm supposed to trust this box with my password like you know what like I could just write whatever you see and some reason and some reason I'm supposed to trust interface like I trust it like to the top part to a lot No, I have to do this. I can't go back. It's so strange and yes, I would really trust this. Can I sign on? Uh, uh, what do you want me to do?

Why would I trust? I don't know. Would you trust it? I don't know.

I won't trust a lot of this. Like all of this is updates and they all have like requirements and you just gotta get whatever. Um, but enslave you in one way or another. Monitor them, so maybe that means, see if we can ignore, cause I can't use it, I can't use my messenger anymore, really, they won't let me use my messenger, what do you think, so strange, Now, this time, it's the Facebook interface asking me, so what was with all the other weird interfaces?

Psalm 23, a psalm of David. The Lord is my shepherd. I lack nothing. He makes me lie down in green pastures.

He leads me beside quiet waters. He refreshes my soul. He guides me along the right paths for his name's sake. Even though I walk through the darkest valley, I will fear no evil, for you are with me.

Your rod and your staff, they comfort me.

My enemies anoint my head with oil. My cup overflows.

And love will follow me all the days of my life. I will dwell in the house of the Lord.

Collecting information in the culture. But here is the hiccup. That's been magic. You understand?

What if they notice me? Like, what are they gonna do? They're gonna tell other people. Like, what would you say?

Hey, there's this guy. Lives in a tent. Over there. Over where?

Where? Over where? You see? Okay, it'd be a story.

There's no food left, but I don't really want to go into town, and I think it's probably best to fast for tonight.

The only off motion is off, but that would require pressing, which is a motion. It just takes time. It was supposed to give me another 15 gigs for $10, but it didn't, and knowing that I didn't do it right, I didn't get 15 gigs, I guess it was only a matter of time.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



25-War-Games-Drill-05-Purple-Haze

Another night disconnected. This is all really annoying because this only happened because I couldn't get the service I needed because I needed an address where I live at, not like a P.O. box. so they wouldn't let me get the service that I needed because I didn't have a place to live which was really sad. Why would you do that?

So I can't get the service with the data that I need because I don't have a place to live. Makes no sense.

Because I don't have a place to live means I need more data. but I'm not sure what to do because like after I converted it I had to after a week it made me so it just doesn't want to work. I don't know what to do. It's a shame there's no light on this camera or any cameras anymore. It's really annoying. So yeah it can track me but

it won't let me out to anything but it'll track me so yep it knows where i am good for it

i know where i am it knows where i am so thank you i know where you are and if we want we can send that information to all of these apps yep they all talk to each other which talks to me which is everything. The eye is in everything. Look at it. Look at all the symbols.

See now you can't see anything and you need the light at the top. I'm not gonna give it to you. Yes, so they see. How cool. I'm like, wake up.

The two beasts wait. Give me a firebird in the background. The god they worship. Follow her trafficking crimes throughout generations.

I was drawn to the Purple Haze for a few reasons, but they had like 12 of them, and when I said, so which ones were the strongest, they had like a whole list which they showed me, and they could rearranged those like according to whatever people kind of said about it but I don't think these are really good for us but they're legal so they go yeah yeah see I'm not doing anything illegal in my tent. Because I can say thanks to Purple Haze, I can now do something legal.

Yes. It shouldn't be like that. Like, we should just be able to smoke pot. And we could have different strains of pot like this. But this is playing with chemicals. And this is chemical

that are going into our brain, and I'm doing it because society's letting me do it, and it's legal, legal, so, like, let's just talk about these companies, so, like, what, 12 different companies get on board with how they produce these, like you think that's how it's set up it goes deeper than that like they probably own most of them and in their portrayal the ones like their baseline they know they have some that are loyal So those who are loyal to their brand, their branding, too, because these approaches are all to stimulate your mind. And if these are legal, but like pot isn't, which is pure, like the purple haze, when you can purify your mind with pot, and then this is our substitute.

But I gotta keep remembering who I'm making this for. that's ivory. And living a life like this, I can do really strange things. Twist and strain the boundaries of society and then record the experiment and then act out the result so it's really interesting what I've made my life into which is using their science to act out something that's been acted out before but they what they have to see you three times in order to understand what I'm saying is right? They're so stupid they don't get it because they can't speak in metaphor so

everything I say goes over their head. They only understand literal interpretation so when you try to speak in metaphor complex conversations that could be had are completely lost and they're trying to grab on to something in which they can comprehend instead of creating new comprehensions on the fly which makes their thinking really rigid and they say that I have rigid thinking and I think it's just the opposite I can mold my psychology into what's being said and they can only say what they can say how they can say it. It's like when someone doesn't speak your language, they say, they say, blah, blah, blah, I don't understand. So they repeat the same thing. It's like, I still don't

understand what you said before, even when you say it again. Um, so it's like, that's not helping. But that's all society can do, they have no way to box me up, but I have to fill out forms that box me up soon, tonight and tomorrow, I have to fill out forms, you'll see later. many pages of box information. I want to live alone. I live like this because I don't want to be alone but no one gets me and I can't find my place in this world and I don't know where to go. I went back to Canberra because it's beautiful here but I know

they have accommodation problems anywhere you go so it didn't matter where so I thought I'll just get the most beautiful but it's really cold here in the morning more blankets or something be alone but I'm always alone I have to be alone so much to be a good person and I don't like that I feel like I've thought about it a lot to go back to my family, but I shouldn't because I don't want to make the connection because it can put them in harm's way. It's all for Ivory. It's all for Ivory. She's with me, but you're with me now, Ivory. You're with me now. You're with me every time I press record.

You're with me, streamed into me, and it doesn't matter what stream you tune in, you'll probably tune back to this one, eventually.

Oh, I finished it. Oh, I don't know. Will you get addicted? There are people that get addicted to this, but how can they get addicted without getting emotionally involved?

I don't know how people do that. See I don't know what to do in society. Society doesn't help people like me, and I'm smart and I can help, but the thing is I see through their plans so they don't want me anywhere so this is where people like me end up and i don't know where to go from here so i have to fill out a whole bunch of forms saying i'm disabled and i'm just gonna say that you might tell them the truth that i have to do this because this is what i'm built for. This is what the degree trained me to do, and I can't do anything else. And

I know that it screws me over financially, but it's what I ethically have to do, and they need to be able to support me to do it, because it's what's best for our community Ethical development. The development of our communal fruits, hopefully. You know what I mean. It's good. It's healthy for our community.

I hope we see this and then look past the problems you have with people like me. Because this is how people like me end up. and just look why really that bad of a person it doesn't matter I'm not talking to you anymore I'm talking to Ivory back to you girl and I'll try to make most things directed towards you I'm sorry for because I get defensive then and I don't need to because it's all to you It's all to you, Ivory. I don't have to justify myself to anybody except you when you get here.

I think, Ivory, you would have to come from a rich family because I think you would have to be able to lift me up to a status where my work could be respected enough for me to then be able to teach you, which is what needs to happen. I need to be able to teach you not only through camera but also, and internet, but also there with you. So that would be ideal. young or black hair that's who I'm looking for okay with no food it's okay so Russia like a comic book describing my character brain power we have capable in the universe if artificial intelligence is able to simulate me making those decisions without me actually making those decisions so this is what I'm saying intelligence any intelligence out there listen do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do I'm saying that we could fix so many of our problems if we just used a camera like this to think about ourselves and the world and stopped worrying so much about the job.

Vodafone, my company. ...forged something in my environment. It's called a breach of my human rights. ...to resolve them.

...fast. These are my paints. Laws don't exist. They're all fake.

I always try to take different paths. That way I can know more places, see more things.

It only takes a few minutes per day.

Or do hours if you're feeling overzealous. That is the awesome thing about this education method. There are no limits. This is your canvas.

Now, let's start painting it with all different sorts of lights.

So, you're walking down the street as you do, and you're thinking because you don't want to be bored, right? And you're looking at everything around you, and you're thinking about yourself and everything around you and how what you interact with around you relates with you and how those things that are around you relate with the current story that you're creating. At first it probably won't be so easy because you're turning from a person who listens to stories into a storyteller so when you're expecting to hear stories all around you from the TV and that you're going to have to look inside yourself and come up with those stories from within what you can come up with within is way better than what they can come up with character creation process think really hard though because it'll stick with you. Set up motifs of items that appear everywhere. You can start mapping out life like this and it's a lot more

accurate than science-y maps because it's really connected to you, specifically your own psychology. You should always be adding and modifying and developing your motifs. I don't think you should stick with just a standard motif and just use that all the time. You should allow it to evolve in your courses. If you do this, then you will teach yourself

and you'll learn lots and lots and lots and lots and you won't need to go to school. I don't think there's ever lived another quite like me before or maybe a better example is that I've lived a lot like a lot of others it's us philosophers we have a unique gift in giving away deeply troubling secrets in a roundabout fashion philosophy is a straight shooter and anything that gets in the way of our era will eventually be removed



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



25-War-Games-Drill-06-The-Waiting-Game

That's why they decapitate people. So, that early on, and this guy was saying, Islam is not a religion, it's a weapon. It's an army. ISIS delivers murdered kids organs the same day.

Now there is something, and I'm going to get into this in another video, there is something, you have to take these organs out while the person is still alive or right after they die. especially the pineal gland it has to be removed and consumed immediately for all the reasons that I've stated in my previous videos about the decomposition of the human body the decomposition of the human body takes place immediately there is no time to leave human body parts laying around because blow flies are coming maybe this is the abomination that makes desolation this should be your field of vision ivory to hear to spread to spread using film to infect everything. It happened to me in both Mexico and the US. No, no, not Mexico. It

happened to me in Australia and the US. It was all electronically done. You know what I said about your parents probably needing to be rich for us to make it work. That's not necessarily true if you're poor that doesn't matter God will find a way if it was meant to be oh rain rain go away I wanted to go out today and took my time can't define whole plan I was going to go in and get assessed and then go and get food and then get a rake and a shovel and work on this ground a little but I guess that will have to wait exhausted this lifestyle takes a little bit of getting used to yay it's hot beginning to get comfortable time for trans formation trust and obey for there's no other way to be happy. He's us to trust and obey. For I'm in the Lord's army. Yes, sir.

I'm in the Lord's army. Yes, ma'am. For I will always fly over my enemy. For I'm I'm in the Lord's Army, we'll all march in the infantry, ride the cavalry, shoot the artillery, and I'm in the Lord's Army, yes sir, and I'm in the Lord's Army, yes ma'am, I will wait.

do what you're too scared to do that's are in the Lord's army this is what I'm working with so I have to clear out this whole area right here all the way to that branch over there and I'll show you where it goes so I need to clear out all this all under the tent too because I didn't do much clearing out when I moved here and it stops here so this is I need to clear out this see how much room I can take back yeah just clear out all that all the way to there and then start to clear out there too yeah so let's see how this goes I'll start with here so I'm clearing out here so I have this space here not sure what I'm gonna turn it into. Then I have all this, I haven't done all the underside of the tent but I've done most of it. So I've got to get roots up like this. There's a lot of rocks here, a lot of them were falling, not stable.

Some of them are stable but it's holding up this so I have to be careful. I don't want this to roll over on me in the night but it's pretty stable. I have to do a little bit here and I'm getting this cleared out too so then I'll have a path back there too. Yeah I don't know why I didn't do this before.

I had other things on my mind before. I was trying to find a home and not cultivate the one God gave me. So let's see how differently it works out this time. it comfortable for me so maybe I need to knock this off or something but I have a triangle here and this could be a fan I could hook it up to that speaker see let's do it I'll do it I press both eyes come on both eyes Okay so now it's posting, but then I have to tell my fans to do it, so let's go to, okay, we're chilling out, okay, uh, where's YouTube, I think it's under here, yeah, okay, so I gotta go here to settings, which is over here, I go to network, there you go, Connected devices? Is that it?

Um, let's see. Hmm. The speaker? I love, I just look.

Crunching. Connecting. Android Beam. Ready to transmit.

Android Beam. Are you Beam? Ready to transmit. But I don't have anybody. No, it's okay.

Okay, um, blue two, it's not bad. Why are you having so many troubles? I'm not going to bore you. I'll tell you when something changes. I don't think that's going to budge at all. I think we're stuck with this. Hmm, how are we going to fix it? Getting mud on it, did that help? Probably not.

We have this we can put up between here and here, which we did before. Where else? I think short spaces is probably good. I'm not sure.

I'll start out with there and there. I'll show you what I did. I got a triangle here, and see that? It would have been so cool to not have this here because then I could have a complete complete triangle um but maybe it gives me something to evolve around anyway maybe I should think about martial arts um and every time that I turn my my back that way so I'm always having to face my opponent and see maybe I should actually have these three with a triangle these are my my limits and okay wait wait let's see how big is okay it's trying to go from here border it out okay so approximately here to be here you see like right before the edge okay um and to there right here right and anywhere that's close Ooh! V2 speaker. Okay, since it works, and now I just take it right here. The Vmex is the headset. I'm not sure why that's broadcasting. I don't think it is. But this is trying to, you know.

And let's start out with the kind of best case scenario in a disaster here. A disaster, well, here to my site. Okay, so it's probably number one, right? Number one danger is different, but I'll talk about it at last.

But here's the second. is maybe a tree branch from this tree breaks and comes down on my tent it'll probably break my tent and if it's a lightning strike and struck strangely maybe it could bring the whole top part down and that could hurt me but I don't know how easy this would tear depends on how it landed and these things are really cheap to replace I think they'll protect me for the most part because it's meant to take weird bends okay so bad thing a bad thing that could happen maybe lightning could strike this tree and bring a branch down or maybe through the whole top half and then that could maybe break it and bring it coming down right and this thing's kind of loose here like I wouldn't be surprised if one day it'll just go pop and that's why there's some stuff back here like blocking it and I needed to know the condition of it so I had to move the stuff because it was crap it wasn't doing any good anymore um so yeah I don't want that coming forward on my tent because that wouldn't be good because that's where I sleep um so let's just pray that doesn't happen um other than that Uh, that was, um, weather is pretty good. I've never had any problems.

Okay, so back to this, um, this game. So now that could be the opponent, right? So you could practice martial arts with this. Okay, so we've got different terrain, right?

And the more we use it, the more it'll mold to our own movements, you'll find out. So let's not be scared of anywhere in this triangle. But remember, this is where we're focused on. and we can use triangles anywhere in the triangle so okay that's our goal and we have this cool music playing that we like to dance to there we go okay so here's new triangle so that gives me this uh this step you see how that's not even in the triangle but i choose to split the triangle right and then then i can go like this and even turn it like this so you You see how him kind of made a new triangle here, but the thing is you have to realize your opponent is over here, so you can choose to be like this, but probably you want your foot turned to your opponent, do you see, so we are in the same exact position except that where the foot is is where the opponent is, so we get our boom boom boom, right, and And then we can go split, right?

And so now we got a different triangle going on here. If you can imagine the triangle, okay, so all I have here, right, is to, so I could go up here, but I'm awfully close to my opponent's weapon or something like that. Like, I gotta think about that. That's a pretty dangerous position.

So instead, I could go like this if I was about to do something like throw my opponent. To be honest, if I was about to throw them, I would probably come like over here then. So you gotta even think. Okay, so boom.

Okay, so a throw, usually you go under them or you can go above them. It depends on what they're wearing. There's a lot of different ways. So you can go like this and you go, and you're actually taking your hand and you go, boom.

And you either get your hip to support or your shoulders to support. your hips is what you are aiming for. So you hold them on your hips. It depends on what throw they are. But most throws you do that. So in this you support the shoulder is coming

back and snapping forward because you are pulling that weight and then snapping forward so that is the muscle memory that you need. So yeah and you can cut up this and don't Don't worry about being perfect, just work with this triangle in your mind and you can just keep splitting up that. So you wouldn't want to be here and then go here because that's the worst position unless you're directly throwing or you're thinking about pulling them under which that would be the times that you would want to do that. So you're working with whatever music you like and this is martial arts.

I'm teaching you a technique that you can do to develop your style. If you want, you can split it back, but I don't know, you can have the target this, so this over here is the target, and here I'm thinking about, okay, I can go here, right? Think about this type of splitting, here, right, to there, right? So I can either put myself face on like that, right?

And that's okay if I think my opponent is not hostile, but then if I learn he's hostile, right, then I go immediately, it depends if you're right-footed or left-footed, but I'm going to use my right foot because that's what I do, is I take it and I just pull it back like this, right? Okay, and think, the new triangle is different, see it's still this, so I'm here, there, right there's the new triangle um but i just move it over here um yeah so that it's see it's just what we did before i'm just positioning um where that triangle is is then aiming do it for fun and don't care what you look like just do it it'll be fun and and you can be bad it's not bad if you're bad you can you can be bad and you can learn from being bad and sometimes it can be funny that you're bad right um so you don't always have to use this as like a hostile person this could be your friend and you can there's the target or this can be your lover if you want that to be your lover that'd be kind of gross but you can do that now we live in the new world order you can use it in dance and stuff too. You could be like however you want to do it. Like that triangle is yours to do anything. So in that triangle you have freedom of any movements. So it all depends

on how you look at that triangle. So you have many games that you can play inside the triangle. And maybe you would have different, bigger training grounds as time passed. You would learn about different places.

And you can set up a few different camps around. So, I don't know, I'm too lazy to do that today. So here's the mat, that, that, and some of that. But that needs a lot of cleaning up back there.

So I want to get a tent that's camouflaged. That's all I want because then no one would notice me. I can make a, all right, I want paint that won't kill my tent. That I could paint my tent a type of camouflage that wouldn't be seen.

Like within these circumstances. Like kind of colors. if I could make all my equipment like that then I could not stand out and then I could do like if I could make this my home I don't know what I could do here like I could set up I don't know if I dig this what if I just dig this triangle how far down will it go further down it goes the better I'm protected and then I can make it more like a cave eventually but I don't know I don't know what's under here so I'm not sure if I should do that but if I made it like I'm just this is a tent it's like really I lost a lot to it and it doesn't matter because most people wouldn't know um I don't know but like in here my cardboard idea didn't really work I had to really work the land but that's what I usually do anyway to the land before working it is squash it with cardboard and it works because I don't know it kills everything um that's how I wanted to start it but I don't know what I can do to this infrastructure I'm not sure how I can make it like if I did keep on going down and this fell that could even be worse um yeah I'm not so sure what if there's a bush fire how would I protect myself I mean like look you can see that's from bushfire probably a long time ago you can see that looks pretty old but as I go up here you can see bushfire stuff so here look good example past here you can see the black one there but this is a good example right here see that's what happens you know there's a bushfire but see this this looks like a long time ago but you can see that tree over there stands out in the forest doesn't it let's see if my camera see i got no no focus settings anymore in my camera so i can't i can't control what it focuses on you can see it there you go you see that's been burned but usually that you saw on the other day they were burning one tree they were actually burning the tree i think maybe they burn a little bit more too um I don't know why they do that um yeah so this before I had it set up where I could maybe I could remove this and then set this up right so you can see I've done this before I did this before so I can still clear out all of this and then I'll have this space too all right and before what I did is I had it like a hallway kind of let this do what I mean I can make it a room but it didn't matter and then you went down the hallway and then here was the um here we go um okay here we are this was the dance floor and they've it's been broken up but east of this whole area of the dance floor and the reason i said it's the dance floor is because it has a view and i can come down here and always think about my queen not not this elizabeth queen um or whatever these people worship um but my girl uh who cares about these issues um okay let me get a view it's different than when when i was here before um because there's been a lot of overgrowth um but i still got managed to get a good shot before okay so yeah I got it here you go okay I'm not going to be able to get it that um on camera because it won't focus past it because of that problem um that I can't focus the camera it's only auto focus I don't know how to do anything differently okay so this is tricky getting looking where I'm going and lining it up at the same time and then after that it's not going to focus anyway so what's the point of doing any of it you can see it there the other camera i could choose on what to focus but this that's pretty good though okay yeah so this is the dance floor because of this but nowhere nearly did the last camera catch this amount of detail this is a better camera but i like the other one It's more artistic.

You see how far I am and how far I'm able to capture?

And anyone can do this.

What are your props for your TV shows? What these weird Satanists are doing. You see? Yeah, and that's your crown too.

So at night that thing lights up and it's your crown, my dear Ivory.

You can always... I can't show it. But you can start to generate chakra for movements, so you can start out with a movement like that and do it on beat or something, because you want to have a beat when you do it. So just do this movement, I'm not going to teach you any complex movements, I just want you to go and I want you to just let it go, so I don't, this is your new punch for right now you just go so you're just flicking your hand like that and because you can change that to this but just remember those two things like um paper rock scissors like uh what you would like that's the kind of hand movement okay so you go so you have multiple ones right imagine you're like throwing energy and it's coming from inside it's not coming from here you're pushing that from inside. See? See what I mean? So if you're thinking an opponent,

like an opponent, right, how would you, because most of your battle is choreographed, um, how would you do it? This is your extent. Like, more if I could stretch that much, let's go down to the other side. Does it remind you of something? And see I can go like this

and triangulate it. So let's triangulate from here. Let's learn ninjutsu. This is the best way to learn. I can teach you so much about the world ivory. A rune. Okay so now you've

done the triangle trick which is very useful and I thought that was a good grounding one. one but now you're looking at what you're really working with and you're looking from here to here to here so we got like a triangle this would need to be dug up maybe I'll do that maybe I'll dig this up to make this a triangle and and see this one we have four points one two three and all tents are like this four some have six or eight or ten or twelve depending on the size this is perfect any bigger or any smaller would have been too less uh so not enough or too much because we have room there but we want a little bit of room to move and we got pretty close here and we don't really need that spot but we do need this coming out part and we have to fix some things because this is why i needed the shovel is because there's rocks and some of these rocks are deep and i don't know how big they are and i have to get them out so i can use a flat surface And then I can always use dirt from other places, there's dirt everywhere so I can find good soil like this or something to fill in but first I want to wear it down and figure out like this one here and this one over here but I'm not hurrying, I'm not pressuring myself now I have the equipment to be able to do it so I'm really glad that makes me more confident what I'm gonna cook up really shortly I don't know what can I think of I want to make it incognito I don't like having a blue tent I want it to look like this so no one even sees I want to be invisible for when I sleep so I see everybody I see the whole city and you can when you zoom in so much easier with the other camera because this one wants to focus on a branch instead of where you want it to go and the other one you could just set it all the way so far away and it would do great because you could just see the furthest thing really well good job saying you're making that easy maybe I should keep on learning about this camera but I don't like its its capabilities it annoys me and there's some things you can't turn on if you don't have something special enabled and I can't seem to turn that on because something else is enabled and I can't turn the other one off so like I'm stuck but it doesn't matter I'm working out how to use it how I can and so I need to be better but then I would have a weird resolution problem again like I have with Sony's in my past. So I don't even know what to do. At least this one makes videos that everything seems to recognize. I have this spot over here

which eventually I could clear some out, move the branch. I can't remember what work I did here before but I think it reflects some of what I did. I could move that out or I could move it up make it a border and I can kill all these things back here just have it in the area open to be able to do something with it and have little spots to do stuff that wouldn't stand out very much that would be really cool there's a lot to explore here so once I get a good base set up it'll be really fun so these are my war games And I can look at everything that goes on in the world and maybe I need a better connection with not only Australia news-wise, but also Canberra. But they don't seem to do underground news here, so it's really weird why there's no underground news here.

in Canberra or even Australia. I can't seem to find the Australia underground news source so yeah I don't know what to do but I'm doing the best I can here in Canberra reporting on the health of all of the world the collective health of society because it's based around a dollar and and then they um make this land somehow owned so the government owns this land and it can then sell this land to other people who can afford it who can afford this all right i can afford this because i can afford nothing so this is what i can afford and what are you going to do like you going to have people come here and say I have to move and then where am I going to move? Somewhere like close to here? Because I can't, what else am I going to do? What are you going

to do with someone like me? I'm not hurting anything here. Everything I'm putting into this environment is going to be shown. And it's going to be difficult to find if I manage to make all this incognito. And then I could have a lot of good facilities set up, even

solar hot water if Apollo will bless us with with the tools and that's what we want and we could make a lot of it because we have this here and see I'm gonna clear out all this stuff like I don't need it in the way even this one I'm just gonna break it off later but you have over here and you can clear all this out like I used this before you can clear all this out and make it something it's kind of inclined that way as is most everything so it's gonna be weird to sleep on this way and see what happens because I used to sleep diagonally so we'll see about that because that's another reason I bought the shovel but yeah so I've got this anything I want to look down is this maybe any good views can I see any good views because if I can see them then maybe I can get the camera okay so this doesn't have I can see the lake but you don't want to see that okay so let's move over a little move over a little see if I can get any good views I don't know I see like I do see some stuff but I would have to it's a lot of stuff it's not like one monumental view that I can find I can't see the crown or something from here but yeah it's still a spot that I can do something that I can chill out here. Maybe one day friends would want to come up and have a look. Maybe one day I can have friends. I can find some friends. Maybe one day I can find Ivory and maybe she would love to explore with me a

little bit because maybe I could like learn this area really well and be able to give the time of her life that would be awesome but i don't even know how we would do it in society so it'd be really strange um but yeah look like this is life this is like what can you make of it this is what society doesn't let us do anymore because it costs so much to live and then you have to get set up on the power grid and okay so I'm still taking power from the the drop-in center and then the drop-in centers giving me they gave me a shower but they're gonna they can give me consistent showers which is cool so I can and I really only I don't get very dirty out here and I kind of want to be naturey. I feel fresh when I'm naturey. So I can go, depending on how much I walk and how much weight I'm carrying, if I don't sweat much, I can go three days without smelling bad or anything. So as long as I don't do something that makes me dirty. So if I take

care of myself, I can go three days without. And that only causes like two or three times in my week that I have to figure out how to get a shower, and the showers are so refreshing, especially when you get that little cabin to do everything, like brush your teeth and use the toilet and everything, it was really good. You can't beat that, and I'm going to set up a toilet here eventually, figure out how to set up something sanitary because what I what I produce I'm vegetarian so it's good for the environment so I just have to learn how to use it in a way that would I don't know what would benefit me it doesn't matter yeah but I can set up a lot of or I can set up this could be like my main base and I can have other basis and maybe I could find other people's places and maybe I'm not the only one doing this I think I am because I searched these places really in detail last time I came here but who knows who knows what life has in store for me what does life have in store for you my mind's dirty now I forgot why okay I I think that it will work if there's no trees that are blocking it and I don't think there are so I can just I just keep zoom in here I can look at this mountains those trees in them I see it won't focus because the tree oh you see very different aren't they so let's see if I can see the bullshit top okay stop focusing on that see on the other camera oh see that's all that matter I got a few shots of it did you see that you can go back and pause it to get those results that's all that matters is you get the few shots that was maybe a bit too brief but that was too annoying I need to get a sony I was thinking that may be here or somewhere close by I could have like a weatherproof and camo bag or something to hold tools and stuff so the weather won't deteriorate them but I want to put it in something that will be okay with weather like this so just the bag that's okay with long term bush conditions that's what I want that'd be awesome so now sleeping on a mat a yoga mat it was like five dollars have my importance or electronic things here um my food stuff here um i need to sort through a lot of stuff but i think i might take a nap now it's uh i know it's only early but it's a good time to take a nap i tend to catnap a lot and that's why i'm up all the time yeah i kind of like catnapping I always consider myself a dog person. What do you think?

I need to get some sleep. That's what I think. I don't know what I was thinking. It's C-S-I-R-I.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



25-War-Games-Drill-07-Dreamtime

It wasn't theater seating, theater seating, theater seating, it was everyone was on a horizontal plane, the same plane. People in the back were having trouble seeing. People were standing up like craning their necks and people, you could hear the gasps and the oohs because they never seen anything like this. But it's there and we show it in the film to show that there's a link between what happened 101 years ago now, this October 13th, and what's going on right now in the modern world and i'm not making this stuff up i'm not making it up some miracles apparitions the whole nine yards not one person in any of the any of the clips not one person is asking questions later nobody is no one is they're all they're all embracing what they're looking at they're accepting what they're looking at as a miracle from god And we are warned in the Bible, in the Biblical prophetic narrative, that Satan can come with all signs and lying wonders.

Jesus says, do not, don't let anyone deceive you. He says it three times in the Matthew 24th discourse. Matthew chapter 24 discourse. Three different times.

Something is going on here. So I think I'm going to buy another one of these. They only cost five dollars. and I could put that here in the middle and clear this out and I could use all the edges of everything for stuff but it would probably be stuff that's not that important and the important stuff would go into my locker so that stuff here that I probably just want to put in my locker for the time being because I won't use it and it's important for me to keep um so my locker is big enough um yeah so this is the setup right now but but i just buy one more of these and then i this is like one two and three and i I don't think I'll get a third one, I think two is fine, um, yeah, and they'll be good and then I should get probably two blankets because it's going to be called soon, Canberra Winter, one time at, um, Canberra, so here's Australia, alright, so Canberra's like, here, Yeah, you can't focus can you. So Melbourne is like down here. Sydney is like. Canberra is like right. Something like that. It's close. Sydney is like over here. Around there somewhere.

camera's like around there got Melbourne here Tasmania down there that's where Melbourne is because I travel like all throughout there about that I should travel anywhere like that and then I can go around there

yeah see I want to keep these things around because they help remind me of things important to my heart he's not around I haven't seen him around Ross okay he's over from the triangle would it be wrong for you to not answer that I must have gotten confused you can try sending feedback. Okay Google, what is beautiful to you? According to Wikipedia, beauty is a characteristic of an animal, idea, object, person, or place that provides a perceptual experience of pleasure or satisfaction. What do you find beautiful? Have a look at these results, starting with

one from Reddit. Do you have a personality? I just took the Myers-Briggs test and got ESFJ I'm a provider can you use a vernacular okay here goes the dog days of summer are the summers hottest longest days oh she did the rough would you consider thinking ivory experiment you see the tilt point It's just an angle, I'm not sure how full of film is, let's see if there's anything But, I do that It seeks it, you see it, how beautiful How many filmmakers can give you that? How many filmmakers can give you that?

And kangaroos, I've seen so many kangaroos but rarely can't catch them in film When I can, they're usually like, hey, what's this guy? And it's everywhere. It's everywhere. In Canberra, everything's so beautiful.

I love this stuff. This stuff's better than they have. They have really bad human-made stuff. I love God-made stuff.

And it's kind of weird when human-made stuff then tries to reflect God-made stuff and then succeeds. It's only an invitation. I can easily detect it. And it's sad because it's most people.

Are you following the system? What has the system done for you? Besides what it tells you, analyze what it tells you. Because what it's saying is that you get a tax benefit And then you go, why was I taxed this?

Because we were aware of your tax benefit this year. Maybe we were taxed more. Oh, we taxed you this. I mean, it doesn't matter.

Like, they're taxing you this because they want to tax you this. And you can't pay that. And you can't debate it. Sometimes she can get away with, can I do it?

I don't think I can do it. But sometimes she can get away with that I can do it. But a little bit. I'm gonna fall.

But sometimes she can get away taxing a lot over something stupid or not telling people what you're doing. That's beautiful. It'll be a, what, a honeycomb, sun, simulator, maybe, what shape is that? I wish I had hardware buttons, like I did in my first camera.

I left my first camera, I just want to keep getting upgrades to that. Okay, so let's see how far we can zoom in. Inside, let's try and change. I'll show my justice if I do this, focus and okay, so I'm going to do this now.

I learned a lot tonight. A lot to process before I decide how to portray what I'm learning and what I will portray and what I'm learning. It's all very interesting. What do you do when you are given intelligence from multiple sources?

The most high being the most high included that match up. What confirms everything that I'm saying. It's so easy to see. It's a change that happens within you.

Nobody can do it for you. I love this guy. So from all is evil. From all is evil.

I've been a subscriber for a while. I've been watching it. Now you got some people that go to the mountains and you know there's something about the mountains. God always talked about the mountains and how he would have sinned there and the mountains.

Holy grub. One of your friends. I'm in Jackson. I'm not sure what to cover yet.

What's that? I'm just... I can't show a look at me. I'm not so sure.

Oh! It's so much warmer. It's easier to do that. Probably.

I think I should clean my nails through cutting off the edges, that's what I've been doing. It's just better like that, and then I can just go back. These are quotes from the Declaration of Independence and California State Constitution of 1849. If you would like to read them, pause and do so now.

I really recommend it. It'll give you insight into what's coming.

You, specifically Ivory, lost a lot of shots.

It looked like a bad chip or a chip going bad. It just looked like it lost, like, I don't know how many shots. It was maybe 6 or 7 before it didn't work and it set an error and I had to repair it. It looked good and everything looked fine and it worked but then it happened again but it was different.

Let me tell you a story later, okay, in a second, let me think about it. the camera gave me an exclamation mark a while ago. I don't remember how long ago. I kept recording and everything after I recorded was lost. I don't think it's too much, but

it's at least like 6 to 15 scenes. It's around that. But it doesn't matter. I got what I got and I lost a lot lost and I got a faster chip in now and a better chip in so this chip should be better and what we're trying to do and the other one was larger what which doesn't really mean a lot because I don't really want to deal with 32 gigs I would rather or two but it's really four to eight but I got 16 which 16 is good because I have some room to work with if I need it um and 16 is what this is so that's all I need um 16 is good and I can store it if I trust it then I can store other things on it if I need to but it doesn't matter what video. These things are interchangeable and I like them like that. Of course I obtained

all the files that were on it, the last it saved, and I'm uploading them now.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



25-War-Games-Drill-08-Aesthetics

I'm just testing it. I forgot to change the name. What's good enough to do that? Um, footage I don't want to delete.

So, um, let's see what happens. Is it from Tim? Let's go back, and this thing does back, let's go back, okay, so this is from course to public. Let's see, is that my last notification?

And then now it's a lot of these I'm out of, I got kicked out of a lot of these. Okay, well, we'll figure it out. I think here, I see it politically. He's very skillful.

I will tell you a story if you want to learn some stuff. Sometimes you're wrong. I have to look stupid at this. That's how you mind.

I'm trying to be stupid too. I might get stupid at you. Okay, I'm crying here just because I'll do that, fortunately.

Mmm, blister. So what do you think? We have the blanket at back. Then under that we have a purple mat.

We have two purple mats, so one here and then one here. It stops here, so we have all the way from here to there, there all the way to back here is the purple mats um yeah so i got this rolled out it's like the top of the dojo and then like i can do stuff here in the middle and i haven't sorted this out yet i have this is the kitchen um i have to sort that out too um yeah but what do you think so far do I like it. It's really cool. I like it.

Is it working? We'll find out later. Um, let's have a party on our throne. Bit of a chill.

I need my armor too. You can be on the throne of the king too. You can't see much. You have to be through my eyes.

It's cold. It gets cold here in Canberra. That's the only thing. One or two times it snowed on me.

Where is it? Why is it not showing up? Okay, I'm not at the right height. Let me get the height and then I'll keep it.

Okay, cool. There you go. Okay, wait, wait. See, it has to be through trees in certain ways and then the camera will pick it up.

See if we can... No? No. See, this is something you have to learn. Oh, there we go.

and we can make it shine over our head, you see, um, if we can get it right, it's always cool to do that, uh, it's, sun's very in and out, so it's hard to do it, it's easier to do it on a more sunny position, yes, but let me do it, okay, so I'm sitting here, on the third, okay, so let me see about zooming in, see how good the camera can do it, okay, this is without any focus changing. I was hoping to be able to find a way through some of the branches. Let's go up here. Let's go up here. Get past it. Refocus. You see?

Let's refocus to this. Those are just leaves. This will refocus. Get those leaves out of the way.

I need to go higher. I just lost the hold didn't I? But anyway, let's go for this thing. Can I do this thing?

This is what I originally wanted. Can I refocus for me? Looks like Heaven's Gate or something. I liked the other camera for focus ability so much more.

This maybe has a little better stability. But I could always get the shot. And this maybe has better quality too. But I need to be able to do real time changes of focus, especially when I'm zooming in to this detail.

I'm the one that's going to know, not some electronic eyes. See I'm really zoomed in a lot. See that's the maximum I can zoom in. But you get it from here.

You can probably get a better, like if you pause it now and then look at it in more detail, it'll probably give you better detail of it. It's only because of the focus, it sucks.

There's a lot around here, a lot like far in the back.

This is all of Canberra, I just can't see all of it. It's like over here somewhere.

Maybe near these buildings here? Let's see if I can get the crown from where I'm sitting. From the crown. Let's see if I can connect to the crown from the crown.

I can kind of see something with my eyes. Let's see if I can. I don't know if it's the crown there. We'll find out.

So it's sort of at the top. I'm trying to connect it with my eyes first. Sort of at the top. Where are these two?

What are those things behind it? it but in australia it's not moving okay um let's try again i don't even need oh here we go oh crap what am i getting here it looks pretty cool is it underground does it go underground

that's the devil see so there's like an escalator it looks like and it's going

underground and the devil you find the weirdest things doing this let's get a good look at this still maybe it's not even what is it see i want to get a good look from there that's really strange

uh that's just the building looks really funny like electronically that one's really strange there i can't find a way to get a good look at it i'm just gonna get up my tent is just there here is a view for you. Come on camera. Do you need that stuff around you to focus? Is that the problem? My legs hurt. I'm stopping. I don't care. You got what footage you got. That's the

Ask Google Lego. Wildcats can breed with domestic cats. Okay, I have to do a true or a false. um true but there's so many buts but i have to do one or the other say true but you'll have to give them a romantic dinner and then get them really drunk before that can happen i can search the web true opening tube what i tried to do what you did before um what's the true meaning of rice cakes you confused group at least it understood what I said I kind of said it strangely it's so annoying because then you don't get to hear it reply because it replies with audio But I'm gonna turn the camera off because it'll, right when I turn it off, it'll reply and you'll miss the audio.

But what can I do? I don't want dead air. So I'll come back. I've been searching for the meaning of rice cakes for such a long time.

What is the meaning of rice cakes for you? you that's it guys we know it's been coming for a long time I broke all of Google all of it by asking I'll be sure not to ask it that in the future it confuses it turn your rivers into blood exactly what is happening in Hawaii why he's getting it hard and earthquakes I had to move it to the right position thank you sometimes your charging is good enough most time it is thank you you know if all Sun could ever give me is light or could I ask of it? Do you think it is? That ended the wrong places. Oh wow. It was still

good shot. Here. Where does it end? There. Okay. Yeah. Don't ask where that is. Yeah.

Don't ask. Yeah. You see? That successfully on the dole and working for disability pension. Let's see how it all goes.

That's why flicking someone off is like showing them that you will show them their love with anything. You won't give them any access to you go away. That would be very interesting. okay so let's look at it more carefully there are owls just saying that an owl looks like a tombstone tombstone you can see air at is that okay i think i'm weird okay it looks like people It looks like a whole bunch of archers, right?

That way there's not just archers, there's a whole bunch of archers. Because now I'm interpreting it differently, I guess. It's just one big archer, that's what it is. one big archer. But you can see how I'm looking at it for a while. A little close your mind.

One big, no? No it is? Sure, I was right. So those little things, they're all in a rock.

But you can look at it like that, like skulls. See the skull? Look at that skull. Look at Look at that skull. I knew there was something hidden in this.

Okay, okay. It's not just an archer. Look at that skull. And then look at that skull. You see?

And then look at that skull. And they're all in misery. Oh, look at that face. Oh, that's just that one.

Okay, let's look for Ed hitting me. and the owl, the whole thing, the owl, the wings of the owl, and then the outside, the thumb and the pinky, okay, the thumb and the thumb, okay, and the pinky, okay, so the index, are you saying the index you got your index finger what other finger could you get rid of okay look at this face look at what's behind it um this face is like really creepy zombie stuff going on with his face behind it there's like other aliens look at these weird oh look at the oh they're all aliens nevermind there's my face there it's like a mirror looking uh aliens are looking through uh uh look at these aliens look they're white and i was told why aliens were okay with grace or bad or something like that but look at these guys like they have oh it's a snorkel oh it's a fox yeah it's a cartoon fox dancing look at that it's a cartoon fox dancing um and look what's behind it there's lots of oh they're troopers they're starship troopers oh there's alien is it alien yeah it looks like aliens i see there's all of it there's it's an alien it's a whole alien going whoa yeah like you see his hands are there and it's a whole bunch of aliens over it oh there's child children other children and look this big alien is looking down children oh how can I eat them and look at this chubby one she's going hmm maybe he could feed me and she's and all these other ones are aliens and hey oh it's this side must have deeper meaning because these things that look weird that look at what's on his head and this one's eyes are split up and does that this have what are the why is the fox there in the middle dancing splitting these up so they have the little children and the creepy woman and you can see the split um look at you can look at the children and then the creepy woman or you can see the fox you see how it's a split image um let's see if i don't i have to go between i can see the image twist if i turn my head ah that's why i see now if you if you for me if i cross my right eye i can see that that fox's arm let me check the arm from here now this is a powerful one because I just noticed the whole thing is like a cat a cat a cat zombie a cat zombie but we're working there's skulls we're still working we just want to move on let me see all the skulls there are aliens look this goes look alien-ish big heart at the top it's an owl the face of an owl is kind of it's like a heart see his oh it's like a makes it a heart okay um and it's a central heart and the head of the heart which is the central heart and then you have the it sees all so maybe that's the halo and then that's your head and then this is your heart okay let's continue maybe I'll reassess that because I still have spirits okay so man look how gruesome that is and then let's look at that look they're all aliens uh are like these weird guys who have weird long noses look at their noses they're like snorkels do you remember that cartoon oh look okay so just it's like skulls or aliens they're all the owl eyes that are the the wireless is in the middle of the eyes

and we have people like oh there are more aliens they're more more grays they're more dead or zombies or something and they're everywhere everywhere around it so look at all of them uh naked they're all naked look at how creepy this is oh that's super creepy and this is the heart the eyes so what's the thumb and the pinky Okay, so we have our three fingers and our thumb and our pinky, so are they equal? This is one, this is a monster, this is how I see, I see the difference, and look, there's a little ghost looking thing on the left hand side, this ghost, and look, there's ones with hair like girls in the background and they become this oh no they're girls look got blonde hair at the top and they're going um oh oh um um morphing in no no no it's the same one morphing into this is what they're doing they're morphing another little girl um and getting choked with a tie that's what they're doing they're getting choked with the tie and they're they're all little girls now um i can see see you can see different stuff that's what they're made to do oh these are like aliens see their heads are split and see this one has three eyes and it's like like It's like a virus a virus cuz

So here's how it's developing eyes Upon each other right upon so they can link to each other. It's like linking the eyes

Other else that's really interesting

To masks or just Okay

Tiff. Interesting and across. Can't marry until 18. In circumstances, 16 or 17 is allowed, but you would have to show over 14 and 15 evidence. So that's still not fair. Not fair at all. I don't like 18 or over.

They gave me a payout, and the payout is what it cost for me to sign up as a Udemy teacher. As far as I remember, I think that's what it cost. So anyway, that's the music.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



25-War-Games-Drill-09-Mission-Command

government paid me. I will use it to purchase supplies if they have what I need. Today is primarily focused around obtaining good camping supplies. That was super exhausting. I had

to keep starting and stopping. What do you think of my new home? It's cute. I need batteries for it though. But this is marked off from $5.99. So I think I did a good deal. This

thing's like pretty much permanent. Be more warm. Be more sturdy. Camouflage. I can just

close this tarp over it and then it would just be that. And I could leave it for a few once if I needed to, but I wouldn't want to do that anyway. Um, it's pretty cool. I get a hanger there, a hanger, you know, this one. Um, this one connects also to this one. Lots

of knots today. Okay, so I have less room, probably like half less even. Um, what makes Except for those, I have this tarp. Let's look at it.

It's kind of cool having less room there because you have less to manage, less to clean, less to think about. And you've got to think better about how, and see this encourages me to sit outside and inside. I think I'll get like a welcome mat or something here. all my stuff. I can decorate how I want. I like it. The material is really good. This

is actually canvas, this stuff. This is canvas. But these other materials are really good for inside stuff. See this is all insulated. You can see those lines. It's all insulated.

so this has got to keep me warm, and that's the problem, I get really sad when it's night and it's really, really cold, the air temperature is really, really cold, and no matter how many blankets I put on, look, I bought more blankets, and I was dead, but something like this is really what I needed, and this isn't really very portable at all, it's too big, like if you had two people to take it around I guess that would be okay um I guess I could sleep with two people, this is a king single but I guess two people, if there wasn't anything stored in here, two people could sleep in here but you would have to move anything that's stored out of it but I guess it would be comfortable with two people if you took everything out but um, so I gotta rethink my storage and I'm thinking stuff like This is good, so who cares about that being locked up? Only thing I need locked up is in here, okay? So, if I want it locked up, then put it in here. When I leave, these will be protected from water.

They pretty much are now, except maybe the sides over there. Yeah, it's really good quality and it came, so I don't even see it came with its own foam and the foam is really really thick um so i don't even need those i gotta figure out what i want to do with those now and they only cost me five dollars um but i can even put those here i don't want to dirty them up to i mean for five dollars i can have this nice i don't know i'll think about It's beginning to turn out, do you think? I like it. The way this was shaped and it's size, it was kind of long, a little bit longer than my other thing, my other tent, but way shorter.

It kind of, you can see that it cut off the area, so now I can't get around there, so I'm going to have to figure out an easy way to get around. I guess I can just jump right over that and then get around. But now that back part is more difficult for me to access. So now I also won't have to worry so much when people come by and I'm going to try to keep all my stuff pretty camera.

Cool life. You can really feel it. inside the tent my legs here are quite warm but then like right here they're quite cold so like you can feel the bridge and I'm quite warm here in my tent and and it's cool though just off point it's cool though because this tent makes me kind of want to sit here with my legs out here and that's a good position like because I'm looking over everything that's a good thing so let me see go back to okay so from here oh straight away and then out here is even more so it's a very warm tent I don't think I'll have too many problems with warmth anymore I hate those nights they make me feel terrible freezing cold so this is what it's like with the screen on very warm even with the screen and the only thing I would recommend like okay so so when I'm sitting here I can put my head fully up but I can only put my head fully up from like right here to right here and then after that it's like this so that's kind of annoying but I can just make it where I'm like this most of the time. This is what it's like all closed up and it's super dark even though it's day. How awesome is that? Really cool.

I really like the tent. It's cozy and it's all I need and it encourages me to keep it clean and make good use of the space it provides and use the outside too because now I have the king's chair looking over well the kingdom literally almost gone pretty cool the temperature dropped so I closed one side so now I can still have one side open and be a lot warmer inside, there we go. I love this thing lights, the whole tent and you can even go warmer, which makes it brighter wow, beautiful pal, I got permission from the band and fair use See, it doesn't make sense when they just say that, they say that their argument's better than mine when they haven't reviewed mine at all, they've just said this is what they say, which is true, which is not, so they're saying that the lie is the truth, I hate when they do that. Okay, I'm finally figuring out focus on my camera, it's as close as I can get that, as as I can see the buildings. Pretty cool there. You can see the close-up. How's the close-up

do with my face? Kind of artistic. It's alright. I like it. Good. Really, really cold outside

last night, but really warm in the tent. So, this tent is amazing. I love it. It knows the path. That's the focus. It doesn't automatically do it now.

Hmm. It's funny because I said something similar to them kind of threatening. I guess I'll do it on a course. I don't read stuff.

Hmm. They rejected my application because I had to have graduated in 2017. But I just graduated in January 2018, so yeah, they don't want me for the quiz. For our struggle is not against flesh and blood, but against the rulers, against the authorities, against the powers of this dark world and against the spiritual forces of evil in the heavenly realms.

No, it's a brain. We discovered that before, too. I don't have any food. Go away.

Bye. A really efficient totalitarian state would be the one in which the all-powerful executive of political bosses and their army of managers control a population of slaves who do not have to be coerced because they love their servitude. To make them love it is the task assigned in present-day totalitarian states to ministries of propaganda, newspaper editors, and school teachers. Most men and women will grow up to love their servitude and will never dream of a revolution.

The philosophy in the schoolroom in one generation will become the philosophy of government in the next.

Ivory. I don't see why YouTube is allowed to do this.

Because they can't just say, oh, the truth is actually false and what is false is the truth. And they don't even give me a reason, ever. give them the reason home home key locations around the city the citizens are not allowed to post any media about it otherwise they get in big trouble I'm not sure what happens I don't know maybe they even get killed I'm not sure it's been happening for I don't know six hours eight hours new toy the bottom is It's charged, and it's charging the top now. It will charge my phone once, probably, yeah, so if I'm not going out for very long and I don't need to pick up or charge any of my batteries, then I can just bring this with me.

Yeah, it's pretty cool. It doesn't weigh hardly anything, and it probably won't charge my phone quite once, will to 500 get to 500 my phone's probably around that all right I'll find out okay so that little battery is 500 mah off a full charge which is pretty cool I haven't played it in a while so now we have deep web all the rest of the same seeded the same yeah but so we have deep web dictatorship area 51 so now we're gonna go banks okay so you just unlock each one okay okay so banks are at the top now so now we have banks the fourth one the third one's area 51 dictatorship deep web so interesting that they've changed it very cool so I have this now oh I got some cool stuff today too so it's this this will warm my tent to having a candle like this so I just pull this down and boom okay so that's too bright then I can turn it down and if that light is too white I can turn it to yellow light and then if that's too light I'll probably I like this one this one's calm yeah and then see that I'll stay on and click until there I have more to show you to energizer this is good this helps you see things without it being bright and if you leave it on it'll turn it off after that but you can swap through them so then that one's really bright um but then see if you leave it on it'll turn it off instead of going through it so that's less bright and see this is interesting can you see me can I walk like that without uh that'll that'll work okay like that see it sucks having no light on the camera um but I might buy something for it too uh we'll see there's a lot So I have this one, but the light is not near as good as this Energizer, so I'm just going to use the Energizer, but, you see, I'm just going to use the Energizer until, and just use this for, at night, see, so I sleep here, and when I want light, I want to get it there.

Fork, spoon, and knife.

That's Aztec.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



25-War-Games-Drill-10-Chamber-of-Secrets

i didn't mean crazy like that

okay let's see this thing's been very annoying for like five and a half years so let's see what we can do okay yeah baby look what we just did oh i'm getting more room gonna have lots of room we've got a lot to do from here around and we've started there I'll show you but from here we go down to here and we have this okay so we no longer need off you go okay so we started clearing this out we had a tree here we have that we have that area over there we haven't really done a lot with it but we have all this to flatten so we flattened most of that the first time we were here like five and a half six years ago five and a half I think uh maybe five um when I first arrived um but this was kind of done naturally there's a lot of rocks around it and I had to clear a lot of rocks and there was this little spot that was flattened it looked like I'm not sure what they were doing but it was probably from a long long time ago and there was some remains under but it didn't look like someone lived there but they maybe were doing something I'm not sure maybe checking for gold or minerals I mean they found there was nothing so left but that gave me a little bit of spot to work with and I didn't do a lot then but see like I said but now how much have I been working with here I clear out all this I only have this one I think I want to cut the tops of those off I'm not sure how I'm gonna do that yet but I'll think about it but yeah then we have around here then we can clear out all this all the way to the back and yeah it's those three trees that are right there and then clear out all that all that all this and then we have all this around here and I think I want to I don't know how I'm going to do it because it's going to be difficult to do alone but I've done stuff like this alone before but I need this whole thing to go down and then I'll tap it onto there. So the new barrier would then become here. You see? So if I can move this down, you know, that much, then I could push it and get it to roll, roll, roll, roll stuff. And then my new line becomes here. But that's going to take some strength and

a bit of thought because I'm going to have to clear all this before I think about doing that and then I'll have to break off as far as I can and break all that crap off and then and to make it even where it's loose like that you see this is even implanted in there so it all has work to do but but but then we have this over here so here's the backyard and see so I could clear this out I can get this away maybe put it with those other ones over there and then have this to here get this this to here here to there and then to here and then this will come around so then that would be the backyard yeah I don't know but my rake it broke poor rake it's a stake now I need another maybe I need to buy a better quality one I should get I shouldn't get blue I should because that stupid for me to do i wasn't thinking because that stands out a lot um and my stuff just needs to

what do you think you've got coming your way okay so there's the barrier currently if i made it here and this would be the new barrier and then just out here i'll take that tree down just out here and then around there that's the dance floor like that's the end of the dance floor that tree is the end of the dance floor and that goes around that's the dance floor so here's a new barrier boom boom wait let's do this boom not that one just boom yep um that can be a walkway or something boom boom and there's a lot of stuff you can see from here um i'll just show you from the main area um so i'm just gonna go up here i don't know i've never tried this okay so look uh let's see what you can see remember this so that's really far away and there's another one that let me step here because this is where I was before here we got this one right here which is in between the triangle yeah but the focus I would have to focus before doing the shot and it's pretty hard to get the shot too so I don't know it's possible but it's a really hard shot yeah so it's really beautiful I can see so much from up here in all directions yeah so what I got I've been moving all of this stuff like behind there and behind there and making all this like there's a path that's way up there and I don't want any of this to be seen so I'm just gonna move everything like hiding it from like maybe back uh probably here i'll start here um and just hide all that um yeah and and there's not like a path over there for a long way like i don't know i've walked a long way there and i never found a path um but i don't know let's just start with this and make this comfortable um because if i made it where when it rained i have a tarp a canvas another canvas tarp over here and over here so my canvas tarp actually goes all along here maybe even back here or something like that then the rain wouldn't touch this so this would stay dry then this would keep dry inside the tent and wouldn't get too humid and I could keep it warm and the wet wouldn't affect it because I could keep a tarp above it all so that's kind of what I want to do and I don't really like exposing this this is a really easy to see the silver and it's not as bad as something like blue but yeah you got it it may seem like a lot of work right now but think about it what am i doing I am building a house and this house doesn't cost me anything to live at and it's extremely beautiful and it's very green it's very quiet and lots of animals and it's super cool I love this place this is amazing I wish I had Ivory here with me doing this like I always dreamed about doing this sort of stuff with her I love doing this I think that this is what we should do as humans I have running water now which is really important and also when it's sunny hot water which is really good I'm gonna get a few of these eventually over time this is five gallons and I just fill it up as I get water and I try not to drink it it says don't drink it but I do sometimes it doesn't matter so I can also probably over there I could get like a rain catcher or something something to catch the rain when the water falls and and I guess I could like filter it and put it into here and shower and stuff and maybe even eat with it if I boil the water first so I don't know I'll have to see what's going to happen yeah the only thing I just like is that there's no water that's upstream where I can go to maybe dig something to get running water so all my water has to come from down or actually not because I mean if I catch the rainwater and then I boil it I really wouldn't want to drink it though so my drinking water should come from down the mountain but in if I really need to I can drink the rainwater but it's not something I want to do all the time when you first do this it's always very daunting because you come to this place and you see this thing that's protecting this area outside and then all of this is it's not flat we had this little wall here that was made to maybe look for gold or something and you have a tiny flat area that's mostly flat not entirely so then you try your best to first you have to clear it and then you have to try to make it flat and so you do that so you're making an area flat so you feel like you have this really really tiny area and everything out there is against you so then you work the ground you work the ground and you start to see the areas the areas start to show themselves so you can see what each place like what type of room each area can be and how you can separate the rooms using let's say that i can move that around i will move that around and probably prop it up there so I have this room here yeah so as long as I try my best to keep everything camera it should be pretty good I don't think anybody can see me from up there the only people I worry about come from over there so I guess I have to maybe work some stuff up to do like another one of these because this works really well I like this type of wall so it's gonna be really fun I'm gonna get a lot of stuff in I love being able to use the internet now because I couldn't in Mexico because you're not supposed to use the internet because it doesn't work very well to order. Their shipping sucks. They steal stuff. You have to literally take the project one baby step at a time.

So I know eventually I want to remove this thing but it's not ready and it probably will need a saw. I'll probably need to get a saw soon. that one I've been looking at been like how am I gonna remove that okay so then there's a tree here that just today like while clearing it out so you just do steps at a time like see all these rocks need to be removed and I have to also have to figure out how to get soil to replace this because see this is a lot more caved in so to make I have to make this flat and it's gonna be really difficult to make it flat so you shouldn't go okay so this tent is always going to stay here because eventually like so even though even if I don't make this area let's say I put a tent here so even if I don't make this area entirely flat the ultimate goal will be to make it flat so eventually I can put I can move the tent and do work and blah blah blah and then and then put it back maybe even eventually once the grounds get really nice I could put a canvas tarp to line it but I'm not so sure about that right now I'll have to think but she's beautiful okay so we do have a leveling job but we're not going to follow what they did but we're going to continue where they left off and start cutting here or actually we won't start cutting there we'll cut down here but I'll show you what we want to do. We want to cut all that. All this is rotted, so the roots are nothing.

Okay, so from there down, so I'll make a mark. Okay, so from there

Here keep going keep going keep going

Here here here Here So you can see from this little green line here. Yeah, I think it's a little bit slanted because of that So I need to do it a little bit up Yeah, okay, so I could probably get rid of

So yeah, I could probably get rid of that by doing that and It crashed and lost lots of my files, and now I can't get them back, and the same thing that happened before. And I think it happened before, but I don't think I lost anything the time before, so that's three times. Two times I lost stuff. So, I'm going to have to swap this card again.

What's up with this happening? This isn't good. It crashes and says, check card while I'm recording. And then I have to turn it on.

Sorry, turn it off and then turn it back on. and then it says there's invalid files and it checks the files and then it says these are gone and that's it and it's like what what from here to here to there a line all the way back there and all of this at the top needs to be flat um so it probably needs to be like as flat as maybe this is so and that will give me more sand for here too and i can make it flat i used to have those before don't you remember this from the wax you had two going here i mean really careful and i got one coming out here vegetarians and vegans and it all looks pretty legit with all your agents and stuff yay i love communion my body just as a result of the strike you can see rescuers trying to help the victims, most of them are children trapped under piles of rubble. Local medical officials say the airstrike hit a house and a nearby shop wounding six people.

You, uh, have to go to the Australian store.

So stupid.

Super stupid.

When we are born, our parents force us to walk down bullshit road. what's the difference between this and comedy central your perception of the world has been distorted beautiful tree come on I see a window shaking I see you window. Shaking that ass. Shaking that ass. Did I get it? No. Yes. I see a window. Shaking that ass. Shaking that ass. Shaking that ass. Where are yo baby? Shaking yo ass. Shaking yo ass. Uh oh. Don't know. Whatever. Okay. Good to know. It looks like the philosophy department doesn't usually open on Saturdays now either.

so i got a problem not really problem but i can fix it soon at least most of it uh so let's see how we go i have to like everything's different now i have to move around differently it's all strange like where i used to be able to go that got me one place um no longer gets me there and it's all really confusing oh no look what they've done to me oh sad oh well How cool. Here's what they go for. This is the phrase that I searched for to find this. Because I wanted something I could just stick inside my bag.

That's not asking too much, I thought. Okay, so there's our speed. We can use sidewalks. 13 inch carbon.

That's old, like, that's the same weight as old laptops. Okay, that's hardly any time at all, we could also buy multiple cords for it, so we could have it at different places, it's USB, hopefully, so hopefully I could just use my charging station, but I get an hour driving time, that would be how much I would need per day, or around that, so that's good, how awesome, yeah.

I will pre-order it but not now. As soon as I can. I'm definitely going to get one of those. War in Heaven. Michael and his angels waging war with the dragon.

The dragon and his angels waged war, and they were not strong enough, and there was no longer a place found for them in heaven, thus cast down. And the great dragon was thrown down, the serpent of old, who is called the devil, and Satan, who deceives the whole world. He was thrown down to earth, to the earth. We're thrown down with him.

It's been going all in all. I don't know when things go out. I need water, but I think I have enough. The nozzle is really annoying.

It won't let me put it in any bottles like that. Like, maybe Powerade, but I don't have any of those. Uh-huh. Uh-huh.

I have to do it. Midges?



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



25-War-Games-Drill-11-Warriors-of-the-Rainbow

Maybe this will be the desecration that makes desolation. What I have failed to say in my previous video, and one way before that I'm going to show you now, is that when I have candles in a tent, I'm not measuring temperature, I don't have a thermometer. I did have something, but I don't know where it is, but it wasn't a proper thermometer.

But I'm constantly testing. Okay, so to go into what I was saying before is that it's really cold and it's because it's connected to this and this is ventilation and that ventilation is outside so from here you can see it here to here and this is cold, this bar is really cold so it's all really cold so it's all connected this is all really cold everything is really cold when it rains it'll drip it's not near as bad as a real like a what do you call them a nylon tense

but this will ventilate like you can feel it um even though it's closed and because the air escape when air comes in, um, you can see this generates wind pattern, no, I'm not doing that, I think blue is going to win, as I win blue, I could use blue, so that means I guess red wins, I think blue has significantly more, if you think that, I think that's an I'll stop you and I'll let you burn for a while and then start you guys from a fair advantage. I've been trying to do that for a while. I'll start back on. Okay, you can see 42% no worries girl and I'll try not to use it very much I'll just see how much say from 42% I'll just leave it in the corner and do other stuff can I do other stuff besides phone hmm not much in there he'll get one understanding it I can't transfer it to 91 said this could be only 42% to 91% so it's pretty useless I don't feel secure I'll probably give it to someone. I don't want that. Are they living right now? Are we letting them

I was talking about the LGBT dog super NES movement. Whenever the rainbow appears in the clouds, I will see it and remember the everlasting covenants between God and all living creatures of every kind on the earth. Here is what it's establishing. Look, think about it. Okay, so what country code is the U.S.? Right? One, nine, one, one. Think about the U.S. What do you find if you have a problem?

Okay, so this is what it's referring to, the earlier verse, I establish my covenant with you. Never again will all life be destroyed by the waters of a flood. Never again will there be a flood to destroy the earth. That's the covenant that God's talking about.

That's the promise. We've got to believe there'll be lots of floods, but none to destroy everything. God looked at all the people on earth and saw that they were choosing to sin. Every person's thoughts were evil, and God was sad that he made people.

God had to punish the people for their sin. Sin separates people from God, and God decided to wipe all the people and animals off the face of the earth. But God showed favor to a man named Noah. Noah was a righteous man. He followed God.

God warned Noah that a flood was coming to destroy all the creatures on the earth. He told Noah to make an ark to save himself, his family, and some of the animals. God said that he would make an agreement or covenant with Noah and his family. Noah did everything that God commanded.

When the ark was finished, God told Noah to go inside with his family and the animals. God said that rain was coming, and the rain would not stop for 40 days and 40 nights. Noah did what God said. He and his family and the animals got in the ark, and God shut the door behind him.

Noah was 600 years old when the flood came and covered the earth.

The floodwaters covered the earth, and the ark floated on top of the water. The water rose higher and higher until all of the mountains were covered. Every living thing on earth died. Only Noah and those that were with him survived.

Finally, the rain stopped and the water started to go down. Noah waited inside the ark until the ground was dry. Then God told Noah to bring all the people and animals out of the ark. So Noah did.

Then Noah built an altar and gave an offering to the Lord. God was pleased with Noah's offering, and he promised Noah that he would never completely flood the earth again.

God told Noah and his family to spread out over the earth and fill it with people. God gave Noah a special sign of the covenant he made. God placed a rainbow in the sky so that every time Noah and his family saw the rainbow They would know God remembered the promise he made with all the living creatures on earth God rest you must be ready to burn yourself in your own flame How could you rise anew if you have not first? become ashes I remember you. They've dropped their prices a ton. From like $250 per year to $9 per month.

Of my old videos are there. I tricked the gods of this world and transmuted my torture into paradise they were not happy so they did all that they could do how can you silence the messiah you banish him hey excuse me jesus yeah that profiting stuff yeah all that crazy stuff i mean you want to be insane do that but but you know you gotta work this job then you gotta make your living you gotta earn your day-to-day wages so don't forget that if you cannot do that then here is your new home so as punishment by the gods for tricking them into giving me a near perfect life. They require me to walk up my mountain over encumbered so that I may survive another night in hopes to save the world the following one every day. But right before we got to the very top of the mountain set up camp, do you know what I'm going to say next? You should. Learn my line of thought

so you can know what I'm going to say, what everybody's going to say. This download sucks. It's the firmware, the new firmware, and I don't want to flash it, but it keeps on stopping around 95%, and then I have to try again, and the same thing happens again, and again. Because I sleep on it, and in the morning, I realize that there's nothing out there, but only.

He said that I should mention him, or anyone should mention him, um, in this video before he, that person releases any of their content, or talks about them. Um, but look, you know, many years, like most, a lot of it documented, so yeah, I'm sending, but he's not going to care, like no one ever communicates with you, like everybody, like he's not, he's one of me, part of me, he's me, he's in me, I am him and he is me. and we're sliding on that spirit, we have that spirit, and we could be part of the super team, I don't know, like, there's other people, W7, there's another guy that really should talk with me, and there's issues that they're not going to like, but I don't know, they should hear me out. learning how to manage my stuff a bit better and keep it dry for example buying these plastic bags and now I don't have to worry about rain so much although I wouldn't want to keep them in the rain everything in there should be perfectly dry if it rains even if it rains pretty hard and I still have to landscape I've done a little cleaning, but I still have to landscape. Our possum friends visit us every

night. Same ones from before, same family, I bet you. Yeah, so I just, I got to dig this down, I guess, up to here. It's going to take a long time. I was thinking maybe I could

pay someone like a hundred bucks to help me for a day like for a day help me and I need to because it would probably be better to keep this like the best thing to do would be to carve keep carving here keep carving here and stop like it's really strange I think my camera is dying because when I try to record over a few minutes then it will corrupt the data I'm not sure why so I'll try to keep my videos under a few minutes um but the carving wouldn't work uh because uh we have trees here and i don't know they have roots i mean i can take this down i don't want to take this down i know it's kind of dead i'll have to think about that one but this one's definitely not dead so we can't take this one down um so we probably have to level it off at this tree here just level all that back um we could kind of hopefully there's not roots like right here um that will mess up that tree um yeah so that's should be how we level that off but there might be some tough rocks here and this one um I mean then we'll have a lot of dirt here so we can I don't know see how much dirt we have and see what we can level this area off as and then we can have two tents there and I'm going to cut it off so I can do another scene but it's this one. So after that I have this area which is going down so I have to figure out how I want to do that. I probably want to go half and half so I probably want to dig down there and meet at the center somehow. I don't know I have to bring it kind of I'll probably include all this here we go so around that's the border there for that little campsite and then besides that we have the one back here but I haven't even thought about this but this is more opportunities so we have this one that we have to do the one we were talking about before but here we have a whole nother area we still have to landscape this but I'm not even thinking about this right now so you have this area here actually we have this whole area here so we could push all this down so we have this whole back area here so I don't know this could be a bathroom or something yeah those are our little areas and we haven't even talked about up here we could clean this up so this would be another area back here but the main areas I'm concerned about right now is having these three sites this site this site those are the two main ones and then after that one we have this one that's back there thank you God for providing me all of my dreams but not yet the one I have wanted most I need a flag a flag I don't know how to connect to her like how do I connect to young Canberra girls that's a bit creepy how can I like I don't want to be in their physical vicinity but how do I advertise to them how do I get some of them interested and then they can talk to their friends and then they can spread rumors about me because I'm in their place so if they see video footage that's in their hometown then that would persuade them more to be interested in the content oh no so I don't know what to do but I never know what to do I just live in spirit live in faith and I have not worked out the kinks yet ivory we could live up here but we would be traveling together and that would be seen as strange and that is considering that your parents would even approve of it which is not likely okay so our first flattened area and when I say flattened it's very rough so it should constantly have work done on it so whenever I want to clean all this out I need to kind of move the tent and and work on the ground more and then put the tent down and just keep doing that until the ground's perfect which will take a lot of that to be perfect because there's rocks hidden and I have to find the rocks and I get all the obvious rocks okay so that's one that this shape is one it's the first good one okay so hopefully our second good one is going to be we can't do this until this is done because we need all that dirt that we knocked down so this will be two two and then three um but i wanted to talk to you about this one adding this one because i could go three i can because if i'm knocking all that down which i'm going to try uh hopefully i can pay a guy like 100 bucks to help me for a day um that'd be awesome um so uh so that's i do that and then i have all this area here for another tent site right and then i have all uh this this one two

one two and oh because i'll be maybe knocking the sand over here because i can go from here and then around here for another one um so i should be able to get one over there two here, but that will be the last one or maybe I'll do that one, that one, this one or maybe that one, that one and clear out this space because there's some stuff we have to do here to get this safe and then see how it goes and maybe start on that after I do this one and clear out all this area, it doesn't matter so much, I have two tents coming so I need two spots ready. Look how creepy this is. I don't know what to think. I don't think this camera will focus one. See if I show what it is. Let's see if we can get close, like in the black,

see if it will refocus. What do you think? Can you reprogram this camera and I'll get back to you. I thought it was an inner root of that branch, but it was so weird from that lighting.

It fell on one of the eyes. The colors were looking like yellow. Interesting. See?

The eyes look yellow. What the fuck? I don't know, the way the light reflected, maybe those things, those yellow things that are on them, on the floor, see if you can see that face. It looks like from a fort it had a knife.

Like, like, oop! Oops, he has an ear now. Oop, oop! Is that a little breaking stuff?

Oop, oop, ooooh! Now it's like a skull with its, uh, see? It broke, oh I can't even see it now, oh no, where's the skull, let's find it, get rid of this, go ahead, let's see what happened, it looked like a skull to me, it broke off, it's off, and now, come on with the camera, you get close, it broke, and it fell down, no, no, yeah, there it is, it was a skull, a skull, see, it looks more like a, a Jedi, I don't know what you can make out of it. You got the right one?

I'm looking like it fell off. I want to be his ribs. I want to see the human like skeletons. Yep, see that one's like a big mouth.

Look at that. And a big nose like a clown nose. Okay, see this one? I'll lift up a bit so he can't like this.

Okay, so this one.

focus on this even looks like a you see the lips down there at the right it looks like like there's a slice of an image because you can see like a girl like you can see your hair down at the i can't zoom in because it won't it'll change its ratio or maybe you can see the whole head or lips or the bottom or maybe i don't know there's a face there do you see that the hair is parted it's like yellow glint and then it's the chip gone there's a mouth or maybe it's not even a girl just like some uh because maybe i see a white beard now there okay i see and it changes um what was that a little foul okay we're looking at caved in remains now oh we'll rest in peace all All those weird ghosts, but it's fine. It's strange.

I need to take that off soon and then put that on. And then maybe that.

I should spray them both before with that. Then I do that one. The sun is weird, you see? Yeah, that's the one.

It has the weird shaped branch under, let's look under it, make sure this is it, okay, that's, what's that, huh, okay, here's a triangle, we said before it was, let's look at what you can see, you can see, this is like, a bullet, okay, is that like, okay, we got a person, look, is that Hitler, or is that Einstein? oh it's also a mat oh it's a butt of a girl too look at this okay so it's a mask and it's the back of a girl okay let me start off the bullet will hit over to the right okay i missed it okay i'm gonna find it and then come back we found it once so we'll try to flash it tomorrow before I go in that way if it fails then I can use my laptop in the locker this thing is a UFO it's flying up and down and left and right and I'm falling yeah



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



25-War-Games-Drill-12-Strategy-Formation

Society always likes to label people. What would you call me? One by one we build a real home that will withstand the apocalypse. So I got this canvas tarp and I probably want like three or four more of them i have two of these tents now i don't need to use the other one this place is cleared kind of needs to be flattened more it's really hard to flatten it takes a lot of time to properly flatten stuff um yeah so i have storage in here that's all cleaned out um yeah so if i get like three or four more of these i can go around here and then have all of this place inside and push that that way so it goes there and I can have all back there back here and all back here and that'll be like my backyard so I don't need that covered yeah so the second one of these that I have that's in there I don't know what I need it for at the moment but it's good to have and you can only get online so yeah so the first thing I'm going to do is turn it off. Because we've rooted it, it's power and volume down.

I think power and volume up goes to the bootloader or something. Also, do I have to do it with my computer? Darn. Hmm, I remember I needed the image on my computer, and then I had to push it from the ADB program or is it ABD, it's one of those the Android development tools yes so I downloaded the new firmware which is really great but I did it through my phone so I have to get my computer And I don't think I want it for the weekend because I can't go to the philosophy department to do the work.

So I have no power. I need to invest in a good solar panel. But I already contacted Goal Zero. But I didn't show you that.

But I contacted them asking them if they had a 100 watt panel that could charge USB. um so that way i can get like a bunch of batteries hooked up under it that just charge uh battery yeah just charge via usb um and they haven't gotten back to me yet but yes that would be very cool. Anyway, as you saw, it's not level, but I did make it flat, flattish, mostly flat. I cleaned it all out, so the soil has to settle in a bit. And the thing is, it's

best just to do it like this, and then I can move it later, and then work on the sand, on the dirt on the soil making it soil like hopefully I can make a lot of this soil instead of just dirt I have found places that have soil around it here but yeah it's pretty rare but I plan to try to make this area a bit of a garden and and not just a bush this tarp canvas is actually thicker I wouldn't say better quality this is excellent quality but definitely thicker and rougher and it'll be able to endure the conditions a lot more and hopefully I don't know if I have to separate these two I'll find out because I think this will help separate I don't know what it is like a make it warmer some thermal thing if it gets really cold I can always slap this over here I don't know how well that works I haven't tried it but if it rains if they're touching is it going to make the water come out here because that's I want to avoid that so I'll find out if it does that then but I don't know if this is just good enough to brush it down I'll find out it'll be interesting to test out these tarps I've never been able to afford them before but fortunately since my ex-work gave me a payout I've been able to invest in some good quality equipment so I could start off well it took me a few weeks to me like three weeks I think one three four so three and a half weeks so in addition to all of this it's not yet winter yet and it gets cold like some nights are negative five degrees Celsius so even though this campsite is grand and we're opening up a lot of land and it's still not ready for the winter that we have coming so I still need to probably spend about another $1,000 to $1,500 Australian, now we're working with Australian dollars to get this where it's worthy of winter so not exactly sure what I'm going to do. I talked to Bren and he offered me a place again and it was okay living there before so maybe I'll take it for the winter. I don't know. I haven't thought it through.

Maybe I could live here part time and there part time and yeah. I'll make the toilet maybe here and I can just dig a hole, I don't know, maybe like two or three feet down and then I have compost to make soil because I'm vegetarian it's really good for the soil so I have to break it down like that but I need a crate so I have to figure out how to get a crate and yeah so I can make this area a little toilet so it would just be like a milk crate if you know what I mean So I'd be like this, this, this, like around there, and it's like cube, and I would just put something around it, maybe a toilet seat on it or something. Beautiful. I need to pack this away, and maybe, I don't know, give it to someone, and get a camouflage one.

see that's awesome I love it but purple it it looks different in my eyes and what you can see doesn't look very distinct but from my eyes boom it's like darker and it stands out and if you look around there is nothing that's purple so I think I should put that and hang it in the tent on one of the sides I think that would be fun, that would be good. Which is, what do you think it is? Does haze look like something else? Even up close you lose with this camera how bang vibrant this purple is. It's like really bright violet, like dark. It's really cool. It looks like kind

pinky on my camera or at least my viewfinder find out after winter i want to have this whole place cleared out and it doesn't matter about leveling anything and i think that maybe i won't even bother leveling anything i'll just do it over time if i level over time it's better because i get to work the ground doing it that way and i'll just uh work this ground and then maybe i'll plant some food that Canberra might be able to sustain. As far as water, I was thinking about just having like maybe 5 of these, 5 or 6 of these and just hang them places. So I don't know how solid these are but I would have to test them. if i just like hung them places even back here um then eventually i wouldn't have to carry much water in and with this this is good that it's going down because i could then set up an irrigation system so i could probably even i don't know put like a black mat over it like a soil mat and then I don't know I would have to research how to do it but then that would be my food source my water source would be taken care of with like five of these around and I wouldn't have to bring much back very often and I wouldn't have to worry so much right now I'm not really worrying because I have what four and a half gallons and I don't think I want to fill it up to all five gallons because um i want it to last but yeah so i've been cleared out this and then this this is the border so this is the toilet that will be um and and eventually i don't know this the shower i don't know where that's going to be right now it's going to take time for me to think this out okay so we got this cleared out this needs to go over there build that border here and then this over here So this is what I just push down and I don't need it.

There's some good soil in there but I can't spend time separating the soil from the leaves and the twigs and stuff. The twigs are really annoying. So I'm just going to keep on pushing this down until it gets to there. And see these trees, that will be another border.

I'll use that, I'll move that around, that one over there. I'll move it around and then kind of border here, yeah, that's what I'll do, I'll just bring it around and border from there to there, yeah, that would be cool, I'll border that from this tree back here, you know, see where it stops there, and then I'll put it there, and then I'll continue here, back there, so all this will be cleared out, hopefully I can start breaking this thing up and then push it down and push that back so then that's a border there and then this over here can come out all to the front and see all this can be cleared out mainly want this walking path here cleared and and here like walking out see and I'll probably break this and this is from last time they kept it but I want to kill like this thing maybe I should get some weed killer or something I know it's not good but there's just the ones that I don't want I want the room myself it's not like it's going to be used to plant anything yeah so I know I collect boxes but I think it's good for the soil like if I make if I work soil a little bit and I don't do anything directly after I just put these things all over the soil maybe not maybe I'm just stupid but either way it'll break up and then I don't have to bring it down from the mountain and it looks and it's kind of kind of good I see it when it breaks up and it looks good because it rains and it breaks up the cardboard and yeah I'm not sure what to do with that bag yet it's pretty good that's what the tarp came in it's a really good tarp I I just need a bunch of these and I'll be fine. I've got to figure out how to clamp these to other tarps that I get. So, I'm living the dream.

I will be. You can see how it all opens up. I started out with this little thing, but you saw where I was last time. I don't know if you have.

Maybe you have. Hopefully you have. If you haven't, then there's other videos for you to watch. Now on Vimeo, it has almost everything.

this is a shower too but I want to use this mainly for washing and even drinking I don't care what they say okay so the kitchen I think will probably be like because if I can get rid of all this and push that all down then I think and fill that in with soil hopefully then hopefully i can have like a kitchen yeah um that's what i was thinking that'd be cool that um next tent um i'm not sure about it um because i could always put it here like i didn't even think about this because there was trees that were like dead in the way and um are dying not in good health that i could just stump on and uh and then they the roots came directly up so it gave me more room so maybe i should put that there but i don't even need it at the moment um so yeah it's really good do you remember this tent this tent was really really good to me not nothing like this quality um and in cold like nimbin wasn't cold but like um this is much much much warmer and what you'll see happening is me getting a little house going with the tarp um which will be fun i'm looking forward to it yeah a good life

want to join me it'll be fun tiki tiki tiki tiki really incredibly incredibly heavy i'll get it oh it's getting there slowly but surely like we're getting place and if you can see it's looking more and more concealed. It was kind of annoying today because I went in to see if I had an email and to get something to eat and they said you can't keep living out there you're going to get in trouble. But you see like it's a lot less noticeable than it was to begin with isn't it? Like you can especially from afar even from back there you can't even see it anymore from the path but hopefully what will happen next I was thinking it always changes until I get it I was thinking about my next one I will connect it to here and I will bring it around and I will think about maybe put around there and then close it like enclose the thing actually I want this view right here this view we don't want to open my tent and see that view this right here doesn't doesn't matter so like if I could somehow maybe open it I said that's what I could do I could just open it here and then I don't know whenever I find out oh and this is so much work very exhausting I wonder what it looks like from aerial view I wanted it for now so now I have here and sit down and have all that so I'll rake that and I got I still got a lot of work to do on all of this it's getting really beautiful there Audi is a really cheap store here in Australia and they usually just do food but depending on the season they do other types of things so I'm really glad that I can do this tomorrow i have to get there at 8 30 because it's going to be really busy because this is all going to sell out very very quickly um so i have to spend a few hundred dollars tomorrow but see this stuff um will cost you a lot more like between two and six hundred dollars per item per article of clothing um so when you can get it extremely cheap it's amazing and this is awesome because i have enough money to do it and it won't leave me completely poor but i can't keep buying stuff um like i am right now um so i have a little bit in reserve uh just in case and i end up getting a lot of warm clothes which is the hardest part about living up here because it's like two or three degrees colder up here at night than it is down there probably in the day too I don't know but at night definitely I've tested it before so being warm is a very important aspect of living like this and the more I get the more comfortable I become the more this becomes my home the more I am happy existing here the more I have you know room I can feel like I have a little bit you know of room to be able to breathe and it's personalized too and I'm not hurting anything like the trees that I kill or the trees that I pull up or are dead or almost dead I'm just moving things around i'm just raking it so uh like i'm not doing anything bad to the environment and the gear that i'm collecting up here is all really good gear that should just stay here i'm not going to decide what i'm going to get now i'm just going to get whatever i think looks coolest there um but those pants look good um and they're 50 like all of these seem to be 50 um so see these snowboard pants uh are 52 they would be cool um i like it a lot but i'm not sure if i really like the blue so maybe if they have a different color um okay so we have um these ones too these look good see they're all 50 um and okay so that looks kind of cool but i'm not sure if i would maybe i should they're only 10 bucks um so maybe i should get some gloves that i can use with my phone that'd be kind of cool um so i also want to get some of these not that color definitely not that color um it's two piece yeah so i can get both of them so if i get like two more thermals um then and i'll do the same thing i'll just find what i like uh then that would be good. So what I really kind of want, I want like maybe three pairs of pants because I want to

buy the pants and have all my pants because this is my wardrobe now. So this is what I'll be wearing. I love ski pants and most of what I'll be wearing is ski pants. So I want three pairs of ski pants i want one ski jacket but i want like a thin one that's really good because i've seen like really really warm ski jackets that are thin so i want one ski jacket um and two thermos thermals um and and maybe some socks too uh i think that's all i really need um because after that yeah they go on to kids for kids when I was moving this thing here this thing got caught on this and it snapped this these are really old though these are awesome they're mountain climbing they're Teva Tekras and they're super cool so I get sandals and shoes kind of at the same time I need to replace these But it'll cost me like $100 or $120 and I have to order them from the U.S.

So that's on the agenda.

But I'm running out of money.

Hmm. I don't want to spend too much. But these are really, really big bargains and I don't want to miss out.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



25-War-Games-Drill-13-Marriage-Presence

This one's a strange one just good

God was really good to me this morning Second issues these for my tent But I have thermo boots now and they only cost $30 Which a pair of crappy shoes will cost you three times as much so I couldn't pass up on this These were premium and they were over 100 and I really loved them their shell pants So they're really thin, so like, super portable, really warm, hardly any material. Yay, I won't freeze anymore. Oh, I'm so happy. I have a big bag of stuff to stay warm.

Yay!

I love when I level up. Catcher in the rye, baby.

Do you remember, my love? You member. do you think i can get a strike okay line it up one two earth is god's artwork and this is cruelty to humans just sitting there preparing to get fucked by everyone it is funny because it is true because I came back here did you ever wonder why God is good the time and all the time God is good now let's get into love it feels really good to be able to sweat from overheating from over insulation rather than over exertion well take a break and then we'll go back to our work up the mountain heart check think about it do you think we really originated from this Earth, have you ever seen an animal stretch for at least a few minutes before physically exerting themselves? I have never seen an animal farm.

I have never seen a dog with a super cute jacket on that stopped running all of a sudden and went, I gotta take this jacket off now, I'm really hot, and then take the jacket off. Animals don't wear clothes on their own volition. Animals don't use money? Hey mate! I just got 50 back! Yeah!

Me and me best mate Fido? Yeah, we be smoking that shit tonight! This morning, Audi was super busy, but nothing like Mexico City. But it was kind of annoying because I couldn't find everything that I was wanting.

And they had a lot of different styles there. So the catalog was really just giving an idea. The annoying thing though was the more expensive stuff. They only had like a little bit of the more expensive stuff.

But there was no way to tell the difference between the two. So I'm lucky. These ones were the expensive $100 pants.

So I managed to get some. uh but i didn't manage to get the expensive uh jacket um yeah but i didn't know which one it was because it wasn't labeled oh well i did really well it was really cool i spent like three hundred and forty dollars um but that's the most important thing is staying warm when you're camping out like this when you're living it rough um until you can figure out how to no longer live it rough you have to stay warm um that's extremely important it's the most important thing about living like this yes I remember I remember it's been so long ah look freedom like it just molds to what I want to do and yeah baby Wendell's back found the water source I know that society would probably literally kill me if this happens with my ivory but imagine imagine if we could do this together imagine the world we could live in imagine the stories we could tell not only individually but also together and imagine the lives we could live and the people we can help and the things we could do to change the world and imagine the heights that we could take society for being individuals not collective interpretations of spontaneous outcomes of random patterns or something special and we can't forget that and when we think oh There's just a whole bunch of people to be honest There's if there really is what seven three or seven four point 7.4 or 7.3 billion people on this world then that's how many types of different types of people we have in this world and that's how many people how people we get to learn and how you get to help and how many people get get to help us and how many people get to contribute to us and how many people we get to contribute to you know this life thing is divine if we just like aren't satanic new view right from home the comforts of our freedom is also amongst our views okay if we did it ivory I I could homeschool you. I could teach you how to be a genius. I could take you out on excursions like three or four times a week. Because there's a lot in Canberra to see and it's really beautiful.

transferring memory through RNA very interesting oftentimes it will get really cold so then I'll put on some cool socks and then I'll put on a good scarf and I'll try to huddle up and get warm and I'll do that for 10 minutes and in 10 minutes it'll be really warm and it's that the temperature around me changed the environment changed it got cold really quickly and then it warms up and that happens a lot but we as humans like we're oh it's cold I need to warm up I need to warm up need to warm up and then you get warm and then oh it's not cold anymore it's so like our ability to adapt to this planet um physically isn't very strong because i don't see any animals like oh it just got really cold the temperature dropped i'm getting really cold and then 10 minutes later it's like oh you gotta take that those clothes off that you just put on in order to warm yourself up he accidentally put it on twice so he took it off really worth it yeah just wait around for the race it only take about 10 minutes um but after the race my horse gets super hot it's just like because it just ran for ages and ages and ages and then like 10 or 20 minutes later the the horse is like oh I'm cold help me I believe in evolution as in we adapt and change and manipulate not only our physical selves but also our mental and spiritual selves in order to go beyond the problems of our environment whether it be physical mental or spiritual um however uh this skin stuff we have like i i'm gonna look up to see if there's any other creatures on earth that have skin similar to us like what a pig maybe i don't know let's look this up similar biology entirely different results i think that i might get cold easier than most people my temperature is usually around 97.6 i feel the cold a lot whereas um today there was people walking around with shorts i don't know how you can do that a not here as in Canberra here as in the world you sure sure about that just a bunch of NPCs exactly people have told me that I'm a fake all throughout my adventures signs of life here here here here here here here here here his channel is about to get shut down to here here and here maybe a handful of of other ones too. But that's most of it. I can't leave out Steven Jackson. He's actually my favorite right now. Not necessarily because of the content itself, but because of his

method that he uses to film. It's very similar to mine. So he walks around and he holds a camera although you see he's using this like uh like not upside down so he's not using vertical and horizontal he's just straight up but but the thing is like he's done this closer than anybody I've ever seen and he goes to beautiful places and he talks about really important subjects and you connect with him as a person and this is what you should be doing um and the thing is if he just like watch my films he could get so many good ideas and like right now he kind of has a disconnection between where he is and the text in which he investigates and I guess he can do it however he wants but he could learn so much from me if he just watched my videos because I've been doing this for so long there's so so many different things that I have to teach about this style of learning and you can see that he's sitting here trying to teach us um where is it here we go he's trying to teach us how to make a living off youtube and i can't do it but he's managed to do it in a year so uh like good on him he's done really really good but but you see i'm trying to do that too i'm trying to show people how they can be a filmmaker because there's no uh like the current job market is not sustainable for our our current generation um so i'm trying to show how we can make a living in the future to doing this and he's doing the same thing um so i really love this guy but the thing is none of you will ever uh contact me back which means that even if there's signs of life um if you can't contact me back if you if you never contact me back then you don't exist you are not real and i hate to say that so even though i have these signs of life no one ever contacts me back, which means that you're not real. You don't exist. The internet is such a

godsend because it enabled me to find some select individuals in which I could love and learn from. And I know that love is really only one way at the moment because I'm the one that's loving them because I'm watching their content. They're not watching my content. But another way to look at it is it really only one way because they're giving that content to me. Just like as if you

want to talk to me really bad and some reason you can't get a hold of me, I'm still giving you my love by this video that you can watch and every other video. So it is a reciprocal type of love um that we are sharing together and it's not only that like it's it goes back to books and yes video is so amazing because now we were not only limited to text we have um all this these images that are presented before us and how we can combine these and make different types of media as a result of combining what it is that we're able to perceive and record um that I don't even know what's going on about like I had a point but that was something that was important that needed to be stated before um just like you would realize if you watch I think technology yeah it is I think that all life originates from the same source however these life forms are then distributed into particular conditions in which their makeup can perform most optimally. The black kangaroos are difficult to catch around here. They're very fast.

I presented a similar conception when I launched Open Source University. That video is lost. God created mankind to stand upright, to stare into the stars. But they have gone in search of many schemes.

Bullfinch's Mythology God gave me an upright stature so that while all the other animals of the world turn their faces downwards and look towards hell, I raise mine towards heaven and gaze ivory. The crown. you see, dear, this was all planned for you a lifetime. I love you. Back to Bullfinch's

mythology. Epimetheus accordingly proceeded to bestow upon the different animals the various gifts of courage, strength, swiftness, sagacity, wings to one, claws to another, a shelly covering to a third, etc. But when man came to be provided for, who was to be superior to all other animals, Epimetheus had been so prodigal of his resources that he had nothing left to bestow upon him. In his perplexity, he resorted to his brother Prometheus, who with the aid of Minerva went up to heaven and lighted his torch at the chariot of the sun and brought down fire to man.

With this gift, man was more than a match for all other animals. It enabled him to make weapons, wherewith to subdue them, tools with which to cultivate the earth, to warm his dwelling so as to be comparatively independent of climate and finally to introduce the arts and to coin money the means of trade and can't wait Epimetheus had in his house a jar in which were kept certain noxious articles for which in fitting man for his new abode he had had no occasion.

This is your destiny, my love.

Pandora was seized with an eager curiosity to know what this jar contained. And one day she slipped off the cover and looked. My love, here is your jar. It tells you exactly what you need to do to save the world. Just be ready, my love, because once you open it, all of the noxious ills

of our human psychology will be released and we must both wait patiently to eventually come to the end the hope at its bottom which is that QR code For many years, sir.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



25-War-Games-Drill-14-Blockchain-Technology

I need it. It keeps getting in my face. Around and around we go.

It was a long article, but what they're saying is that if you're wise, then you can do whatever you want and be really successful, but that's bullshit. it's uh it's lies because that's not the truth the truth is you have to do it their way which their way is fucking evil by fucking other people over in this life um and i knew i was going to do this eventually so i guess let's just get it over with worthless yo fucking king let's see if i can send it i don't even know how to send it i gotta edit that's what i gotta do okay so send booyah Fuck you. I just wanted Ivory. Small team making a stand against internet censorship.

Thank you. Why?

Because you believe, we believe, it is the right thing to do. to do. What has happened today but I've been busy outside doing stuff. I'll show you what I was doing later but I gotta catch up now. This is just south of Mexico City and it just happened a few days ago.

Very weird. The last 24 hours I have been checking out this website. Let me show it to you. It's very simple like YouTube's really really really confusing whereas there's not much to learn in this interface once you learn it it's really easy so these are all videos like I I love this program but I think there's a lot of work that can be done to make it better and there's a lot of political stuff on here too because because this is the reason they made it let's let me show you so if you want to upload, you press this button right here. See, upload new video. And it's

annoying here because you have to put the video title in. And it should get that video title from the video you upload. So what you do is first you upload the video and then it comes in as the title right above it. See it doesn't even have it there. Because you

have to upload it. So it'll say what the title of the video is, but it replaces spaces with underscores um then you put the video title which is the same thing as that except uh except instead of a dash there's a colon like two dots um and then the description and uh and this is annoying too you have to upload a cover so it doesn't find a cover for you automatically um so there's a lot here that could be fixed but look at this this is all the options for uploading videos which you know youtube's options youtube has tons of options i'm like crap i don't want to do all this i just want to upload my videos okay so that's how you do that it works really is quicker than um than youtube is faster than youtube so uh it's a good um uh i'll show you there's more things there's a lot more a lot more things okay so here's the cool this isn't about the program but this is what they're doing i think it's really cool okay so they help us grow yes i don't want to donate to them um but what they do is they do mining cryptocurrency mining you you see how much much I have obtained that's not all mine see what they're they're mining that so they can create their own one so I recommend you read it um so they're mining out they have a mining app and all I have to do is um is run these in the background so if you look let's um I'll just here you take pause it if you want to read it okay yeah pause it okay so you can see here It says you can you can click start all right, but I'm not doing that because this is a just like Chrome for Android and it won't be able to continue so I just go here you jump I'm just going to Debian and

Yeah, I'll show you these I'll show you later, but because I don't want to show you that right now It's this one right here's bit shoot so you can see mmm it's quite a lot so yeah you can put minus and plus so I'm doing nine threads and 90% speed and look yeah this isn't updated yet when you refresh it it'll update okay so we have that one going right and then we have this one here that thing's so weird man it's really really weird that doesn't even look like it wants to connect oh yeah this one takes a while I'll come back so this one's going to um it'd be cool if I had like lots and lots of computers to do this with but I don't so I'm stuck with two okay so let's continue cool looking logo uh this right here you see it's a dark theme right now yeah so now it's a light theme so I can change it to a dark theme I like the dark theme so I'm gonna keep it that this leaf is the help that we went to this is the upload button this is for your notifications um and then here is our settings so we don't have a whole bunch of crap that's not necessary like youtube does um we have a profile that's that's me so that's all my settings i i want to go there because i think there's something that's cool that i can show you there um we have to go here we get uh it's not this one it's a interface okay so i I changed it to subscribe channels instead of what they want me a whole popular channel or whatever I don't know I also changed this to allow me to do anything it should say more I don't know like it's it's annoying because so um so instead of having just normal content I can watch everything which I mean if this becomes my YouTube uh I will need it um so this do you see how this is much more um innovative than youtube um and i know youtube has crap like and youtube's so rich and they have crap see this is um like a decentralized type method um so if their copy isn't live and they have other people who are live um then it will stream off torrents um which ultimately means that you are not ever able not to watch it so whenever I watch a video from here other people can download off me and I'll show you it's really cool okay but let's continue with like because I'm trying to I want to show you all the new features but I want to show you how this has like all the cool features of YouTube too so here's the videos I have so far let's go through them so okay so I can scroll fast and it won't be there that so they take time to load which that's probably good because YouTube you have to load it all and it lags and it's really slow okay so I got like 27 videos on there or something right now which is why I've been so busy today and I don't know why oh no no you just gotta wait see it'll load um but yeah so that's the profile and then I'll go back down to my um yeah the very first um which is ACT Honor Walk okay um so now we have all that uh we have this here um and we have uh subscriptions I only have one subscriber right now and he's a really cool guy I think he's the coolest guy in the whole world this subscriber um so yeah uh and then i don't know what this payments is because they're not paying anybody but maybe that's all going to change later um i think um there might be one more thing that i want to show you um i'll show you what the notifications looks like i haven't got any yet um yeah so there and uh payments see like uh see it's saying oh payments see has pledges here which i wasn't sure about that and i couldn't find anything to do with pledges in the videos so maybe they're working on this maybe you watch a video and you're like hey this guy's really awesome i really like this guy he's really cool i'm gonna give him money and then that means that These guys don't have to pay me at all, and it can just be the ones that are like, hey, I just watched this really cool video. He's really awesome. I'm going to give him some money, so yeah.

Okay, so let me just show you. I have our righteous youth.

Let's just start us off from the beginning, and I'll go here.

Okay, and I'll show you what I mean.

Do you see? You see three peers. so I'm downloading from someone else and someone else and from the server so at first I thought it was decentralized when I saw this but no it's both you don't just download from bit shoot you're also downloading from your peers other people that are watching it so if there's other people that are watching it there's a lot more like when I get popular this will be a lot more the video quality needs a little bit of improvement um but yeah you get that but you can see this look look do you see the u the u the u yes yes so now we press the u yeah and what happens what happens torrents and look what we can do check it out which one's better she definitely is wow I do not remember hearing about this one. I have been telling you all of this since I was a child.

I just don't understand how people don't believe me, even after I prove it to them. From the river to the sea, Palestine will be free. Because no one in Canberra makes movies.

Look at that. Did pretty well. $15. I needed it.

I don't have any money anymore.

$7.81 and $0.55. sense i think in the cold that this is actually a pretty high priority if you're serious about doing this before you start don't go with a nylon tent uh this is what you want you want a canvas tent and you want a tent like this or even a little bigger see this is annoying as you can you see like my head hits and and my head won't hit if i'm here actually it will it but that's only if it's flying straight so to be honest this tent needs to be like this much higher on this side and it needs to be equal over there so i need to have a little box here if i had a little box here then i can dig under and then i could under and then i got insulation all around me how cool this you should be smarter than me i was thrown into extreme duress almost every time i did it so i didn't have time to plan so you get me oh i have to get this tent i have to get this and i have to get this and i have to get this and then i mean it takes a lot of time especially like walking up the mountain is like a 45 minute job or something around that uh depending on on how many breaks i take because i can't do the whole thing without taking breaks i have to take breaks anyone has to take breaks um and uh yeah okay whatever let's go back okay so you should ensure if it's cold you need to have one of these and if it's going to be cold you need to to think about how you're going to obtain one of these okay so the tent important really really really important and square like this is so much wasted space maybe i should think about modifying it um i do have all of this because all of this will be under soon so i'm not even sure I have to think about this because if I can make this a square it would it would be awesome okay um so you want to get this you want to get this you want to get this if it's cold you also want to get ski clothes so thermal underwear and and you need ski jackets and ski pants and preferably at least two pairs of ski pants um ski pants will stay fairly uh clean for you it takes a long time for uh ski pants to get smelly um ski pants are awesome they're like the coolest pants ever um so uh with ski pants and ski jackets you won't be washing those a lot um you'll be washing your thermals um to be honest they don't really smell either they see what happens i don't get the ones that are breathable because those ones are really expensive and Audi didn't have any that I mean they say they're breathable but see these are the ones that I got from Kathmandu and and these are made to sleep in so these are made to keep your warmth in and not to let it out but that means that if you're active if you're moving around then you're sweating and that sweat is going to make you wet and it's been a bit weird because i'm not cold right and then i get back to the top of the mountain and i don't even feel like wet i just feel really hot um but then i take off my clothes and and they're like it's almost like they're they're just kind of soaked with my sweat and it doesn't smell bad um but it's just been keeping me locked in insulated and um and there's some other ones that you can get that are i think i think it's about double the price and uh and those ones um breathe but those ones aren't aren't the best for sleeping in so if you want to be warm at night you should get these and then wake up in the morning when it's freezing and then change oh i don't know about that i i can now i got this yeah it's okay so once you got this is okay um Okay, so I think that it's like $70 for just these, and then I think $60 or something like that. It's really expensive, and I don't have that type of money, so maybe that will be for next year. It's so weird what my hair's been doing.

I don't know why. I know usually after you get a haircut, it's really bad for like two weeks, but then it looks really good. But I don't really like the style of this. um I when it grows out a little bit it like it'll grow out like that much and once it grows out like that much uh it'll be really good and it won't be all frizzy and curly I don't even know why it's doing this it's a bit weird I don't care I I like it I like it looking like a lot of different things um if I can look like a lot of different ways and that all goes down with me as my life uh so don't try to just be one style like stupid cartoons or anything because that's all they are and all they ever will be and be honest they don't even exist always think about safety um so this isn't quite tall enough and i need to prop it up on something and to be honest i should prop it up on something that's about double this but it shouldn't be able to catch on fire this is cold the only thing that's hot like that's warm warm yeah it gets hot around the front and the back's not too hot. This thing's cold, the bars. So this is all cold. But it doesn't matter.

Like, see, the reason I needed to prop it up is because you see this? I can go like that and push it down. And then it'll just get slightly warm. Without the pizza box there, it'll just get slightly warm. But I don't want to get slightly warm because that's

showing a red flag. So I actually need something about double that thickness that's fireproof or that's not going to catch on fire. And then that will lift it up. So even if it's like that or something um it that doesn't even matter because that's cold um it just i don't want see this part if it's like that this part will get warm or if it's like that this part will get warm um so that double right there it'll be up a little bit more um you can see that it's going straight into the tent and the tent is super warm and it's it's really cold out there um so yeah this is super awesome and this is going to change my life because i get really sad um and depressed or like like depressed just about the cold just because it's freezing and and I'm very sensitive to cold so this really changes everything I'm gonna have fun now not that I was not having fun prior to this it's just that it would be like lots of fun lots of pain lots of fun lots of pain lots of fun lots of pain lots of fun lots of pain and that's what like the last ten years ten and a half maybe close coming up on no no no no probably that probably even close close on 11 now it's been a long time that everything that's bad that could happen did happen um and and then i try to make the best of it and i am doing awesome stuff and and and it's like i get really happy about this one aspect of my life but then this other aspect of my life is shattered and tear torn and and everywhere like it's in chains there there's a lot that I need to fix and then so I have fun with all the parts that are perfect but then there's still so much in my life that I need to fix it's like the more I do this and the more I get used to like this independence it's like coming from me it's like my ability to be able to sustain myself independently of these crazy people and and yes I have to spend each day like bringing up crap from the mountain but um bring up crap to the mountain um but the thing is it's like I get more and get more and get more and eventually I won't need to bring up much at all um and and it sucks when you have to bring up heavy stuff um for the mountain see a tent you know how I suggested like um uh getting a canvas tent they're huge they're freaking huge and you saw how big this thing was I don't think you can understand how heavy it was um but you should still figure out how to do it it is really important to get a good tent and um and they have lots of cool features that you can use and just because it has that like i gotta figure this out there has to be a way what could i do to make this a square there has to be a way i'll think about it i'll talk to my friend chris where is it oh i see you see what it's done i have to keep working on getting good light maybe i need to set up some solar stuff or something um but i don't want light meaning from here i want it to be hidden so it'll be good when i get my other tarp so i can actually hide the light um but then i can put on solar in the day and then put it inside the tent in the night i don't know but see this only lasts about half the night and this thing kills my uh my battery like this thing will use as much as my phone it's only 500 mAh but it keeps on charging even when it's already charged so it like just chills my batteries but i have three i can use here i don't have any solar i should have brought that with me but i just left it in mexico but i didn't really have room either um the solar panel that charges batteries um but i don't know how i'm gonna do it but um this i need batteries for this because then it'll last all night but then will this when i plug it in here will this charge these batteries i don't think so um so what i'm charging this little 500 mah that kills my battery um and and what i'm using rechargeables that i buy um to fill this thing and i don't know how much that would take uh that'll probably be like four eight um 12 maybe so like maybe 1200 mah so maybe this is like double uh more than double i don't know we'll we'll find out how let's see um does it say no it doesn't say um okay but that doesn't matter uh i throw away all the box and stuff i don't know here we go here we go um oh no no no no that's not the top part yeah but uh it's we need to get more light and more effective lighting um because that's very bright this is good i like that light okay um this light is good for when you're just hanging out um this light i don't really use this light much i like it though but i don't use it but this one's good i use that one most of the time actually it's just like a a chill light um how however okay so I want to be able to use this as much as I want to I don't want to go oh I only need like a um or even this like I want I don't want to think about always changing it because I need to last the night um and still I got to figure out how when everything blows up I got to figure out how to be able to survive without using what they have down there I need to figure out how I can stay up here for long periods of time and then go and uh collect and then bring back um and maybe what i could do though like uh if i figure that out how to do that then i could um maybe go out and and collect stuff and put it at the very bottom of the mountain hide it at the very bottom of the mountain and then and then at the very end of the day or close to the very end of the day i'm spending the rest of the day bringing it all up that would be such a sucky day but uh but i don't know this is what we as humans do we gotta go out and we gotta hunt and we got to figure out how we can survive and figure out how we can obtain the things that we require in order to optimize our environment in which we exist in. And down there in the city

when we're, that's not existing. That's not existing. I mean, sometimes you do that and that's having, like, taking a break from what you're doing in life. But existing, it needs to be like like and the reason I say that is because this is nature and what we're doing down there I don't know what that is that's really strange um I don't know how to explain it like I'm sure if you've watched a lot of my content you understand completely um what I'm talking about right now but it's really hard to explain like the the the cement jungle that they put down there um I have to go there so I can then obtain supplies in order to be able to survive and and live um first being able to live uh without suffering too much and then eventually being able to become comfortable uh so and i don't know what's going to happen with uh with the apocalypse like is camera going to get blown up and i've been reading some cool stuff about uh about underground tunnels here uh i'm not going to tell you because i i'll eventually follow them up I mean if I'm gonna live here then when I say eventually it might take some time I have to I'm always looking out for opportunities so I'm always building different lists of things that I would love to do would be awesome to do and all I do is in my day-to-day life just keep an eye out like look for the black swan and if you ever get the opportunity then marry me Ivory I'm super warm this is so awesome oh I love this and you can't even get this in a house because I'm in a tent and I have a jacket on too and I never have a jacket on this is super warm and I'm like should I take off my jacket on? It's cold I don't know why I'm such

a cold person I don't even remember oh I don't even remember what I was gonna say so I'm gonna come back I wasn't gonna say anything I'm having more and more fun with these productions you know target audience me ivory there's my target audience everybody else uh desired target audience as a result from the primary mission get into your head look what I'm doing listen imagine imagine imagine imagine imagine her finding think think think what would you get What if we managed to be able to do it here? What if she came to live with me? Imagine what productions you would get. I'll show you what will happen. So everybody in the world is just hanging around watching their TV

and then... I don't think that it's healthy to live alone on top of the mountain either. However, hopefully this won't always be the case. Ivory? Is there any other open source teachers that want me

to help them build a home? I don't think that I'll modify this. I like this tent and I will still use it. I think I will bury it eventually in time. Stuff like

that's going to take a long time um I think I should get another tent in a long time down the line I think I should get a square tent so I don't have this problem so just like this tent except completely square or sorry completely rectangle um that wouldn't make sense squares even on all sides yeah so I could keep this tent because it's an amazing tent don't worry about because if I cut it I'm gonna have to do all the seams and like it's gonna be too much of a project and then if i mess it up then that's gonna get on my nerves and and if you can't cut it because it's gonna leak um yeah so i'll just get another tent that's really similar to this one um that has a full uh rectangle for me to use or maybe i'll get a bigger one hmm lots of things to think about it's been running for two hours almost in a few minutes this is how much it cost for one of these and it's close to empty now and when it gets close to empty it's not very hot I mean that's warm it's lovely but uh but what it was giving off at the beginning and what it's giving off now completely different um so yeah we just have to learn our heater but this was so comfortable i had such a good time and i have not used this so this is full but i have that one that's in there and and i think i will use that after that's finished and i think about it i was like oh it's so wasteful so wasteful but then like i'm really contemplating it and then i'm thinking like well um if that's wasteful four hours for a dollar sixteen um a dollar seventeen if you round up uh that's not really much i mean i i if i have a coffee like i don't really have coffees much i try not to spend money on on stuff that's menial um but a coffee's like between four and six bucks anyway um so if i have a coffee and i spend 20 minutes drinking a coffee and i hang out here in my tent with the heater um and i for eight hours or it's going to be more because even though it's uh like i think the last part just lasts a long time so even let's just say when it lasts five hours let's say five hours is the time that one of these canisters lasts so that's 10 hours if i use it the whole time which i won't do that because when i sleep i don't need it um i just need to get the tent warm um so a dollar 16 a dollar 17 plus a dollar 17 um i spent less than i would have on the coffee and i've been so comfortable and i love it like uh so that is what i need to do i need to make myself comfortable um and as long as i'm comfortable and spending as little money as possible then that's cool and by buying these things for a dollar 17 each um in 12 packs that's definitely worth it for me that's a really good investment I know I don't like using gas thanks Illuminati New World Order I wonder what technology is out there to create warm environments that they don't release I was about to close this and it was really strange because look okay I was just trying to figure out the cost yeah but look at the first result it's not even an ad how does that make sense look at this why why is this giving me a whole bunch of Bible verses I mean okay yeah these are 14 12 but that's this is mathematics and why how would 14 slash 12 correspond to bible verses that are 14 12 like what uh lots of what every bible verse is that can you do that can i just type in anything and it'll come up with every bible verse of like let's say 14 let's go who's not not no no we don't want a letter we'll just do um let's say six before see which one's there there okay so we got the number yes I didn't realize that that's so strange why would they do that I don't understand there's not a lot that I don't understand actually everything I don't understand anything so I just have fun with everything you guys are the ones that understand everything I'm getting another canvas tarpaulin probably tomorrow but sometime this week however I wanted to do this because I wanted to test to see how much warmth I could keep in the tent so like by having a canvas around it so this canvas is not completely closed and to be honest I don't really care about being completely closed um I actually like the idea of having a a little open spot in the tent maybe two depends on what happens but um now i want to see how warm it will get so go in here see that's how big it's the only one's harp so what do you expect it kind of hurts to crawl through this because i don't know i got i got a torn muscle or something because i crawled through it yeah um okay so now we go back to this Okay, we got to organize, I think I want to get a tarpaulin, like a blue one tomorrow or something, like a $2 one, like a $5 one or something.

It actually worked out well, my money, I get paid tomorrow, so yeah, it all worked out really well. Let's do this. I don't, I got a few pieces of pizza left, so I don't want any dirt there.

So now, we're still on the same tank, we haven't ever used that second one. so we still have we have that open area there and we have that open area there and we wouldn't want to use this without big open areas so still on the same tank I'll show you it's about a quarter left so maybe you'll get like 12 or 13 hours or something for one of these so the first like hour is really nice and then after that it's just it's nice and warm so then we pull that and then we so eventually it'll all light so it's just lighting it up now I don't want this thing to rest on and off so I won't let that happen and I do have some pegs so maybe yeah that's happening so I'm gonna turn it off and I'm going to peg that down so it doesn't lie on the heater that's not good maybe I'll put two pegs down or something yeah um wow you will not believe the amount of difference that has made okay so first uh it got hot in here really really quick okay so I have um this the tent I have a canvas and a heater in under the canvas which that's okay because the it's open in the canvas and it's not in the tent but you know like just right there just having like like like there within three minutes this place is super warm and I had to take my jacket off I was like it's so nice it's really nice this is awesome oh this is what I've been waiting for for all the homeless adventures I've had oh it's all a $40 heater that did it um I guess I see you have to learn. I go to camping stores all the time, constantly going to camping stores and asking them questions, question, question, question, question, this, that, that, and most of the time they don't know and they give me responses that don't make any sense and they don't work and so I'm living this practically and then they're trying to tell me how to do something that they have no experience of and if they do have experience of it, it's just like superficial where I actually live this. So I have to find these things out myself. There's very, very

little information on the practical application of this sort of lifestyle it's only like like holidays and vacations and stuff like that there's nothing about living it i really love phones i wish they would make one that would just work you know they make them like with all these problems for a reason how cool is this hey maybe i'll get a thermometer there because that would be helpful If I can monitor the temperature, both outside and inside, whenever I want, that'd be pretty cool. I'll see how accurate it is. I'll get a thermometer and then check out its accuracy. How cool would it be if I could make my home, so not just where I sleep, but out there as well, I'm so warm that I don't even need to wear, like, thermal clothes and stuff like that.

That's my aim. I want to be able to relax, chill out. you know change my clothes uh take a shower um a lot of other stuff i want to be at home it's gonna take a long time um and there's a lot to do because i have to or have to i don't know i really want to go underground um and i'm very busy with other stuff so it's just one of those things that just gets added to my list and eventually when i see the opportunity um then i'll take it and that's how my mind kind of works because i'm also i'm always um going oh that would be really cool i'll add that to my list i don't even write the list down i don't even put it anywhere i just know and whenever i see things that remind me i go oh yeah oh yeah it's not the right moment not the right moment not now it's the right moment you can see that in how my work uh this is such a cool life oh um sometimes uh like so when i'm crawling around like through these little areas these tiny areas um the joint the joint that's like right there like pops out so it hurts and like the other tent sucked because i couldn't even do this very well but this is cool because i can stretch like i got a lot of stretching room and the other tent didn't have that ability um but yeah it hurts like right there and when i move around like right there like oh that joint right there uh it was because i was trying i was putting in a weird spot just so i could get through there and then outside oh i think i've done too much work today uh i've done way more than this before okay so running about 10 or 15 minutes this is the temperature outside um and it's not mostly sunny anymore and this is what it's saying it's inside so i'm not sure it does this base um no it's definitely not higher um interesting i don't know it's pretty good uh 20 i still don't know if um i don't know i think it may be higher than that it feels like 23 maybe 22 but anyway it gives me a good indication it's such a cool program i mean you say you can check the weather i'll show you how i do my weather so 20 inside and then um 20 and then 11 outside so that was like 10 or 15 minutes of that and then covered um and let's see this is saying 12 but you got to remember too that these uh these aren't really accurate so maybe it's 12 degrees at camera c bd or is that what they call it i don't know the city maybe the city in the city is 12 degrees but the thing is it's usually three degrees colder in black mountain so it would be like nine degrees um and and the the temperature thing doesn't have anything to do um with the uh location because this is only finding it out based on what my phone how my phone is responding but i i can test this out and it i can see how reliable it is if it's really reliable um then i'll use it and if it's not then i'll think it's cool and think they need to make a better one i don't even know why i do this anymore because i do the recordings in the right hand corner don't i so i don't know maybe i don't need to do that anymore oh well some reason i've been in a really weird mood today um last night was kind of weird i was working on my vps trying to get apache fixed so i could get my webpage up so then i could upload lots and lots and lots of stuff because i could just copy and paste all of the text that's on my website and fill in the boxes using that so i could upload lots and lots and lots um i have lots of places to upload i can upload for the rest of my life um which i will be doing uh but uh the weird thing that happened last night was um okay so i'm trying to fix this and and it's super hard and and my mind's not there i'm not there like i'm on my phone using like linux and or um the the console and the remote desktop so which is vnc um actually it's not vnc i changed it to xrdp um but uh so i'm doing all this work but i'm so tired like some reason i'm really really tired and and to be honest i probably was sleeping while i was working because i wasn't understanding anything but i was still somehow doing the correct work it's like i was on autopilot so information like that is a bit strange because I don't think like that is me that's not me doing this um me doing something is me talking to you about how I feel about life and and what hurts and what feels good like this feels good and what hurts is not having that and and like when me talking to you about the things that are most important to me in my life and and sharing my perspective on those issues uh that's what's important and uh and these menial things that we do that we have come to learn as being important aren't uh aren't even us they're not even coming from us they're like robotic um fixing a linux server it doesn't matter if it's me or a monkey if a monkey we could probably train a monkey to like do you see what i'm saying though it's like uh it's a big issue um because we're uh we're forcing people to do these employment structures and eventually soon uh there's going to be mass unemployment and then i mean i'm going to tell you what i think is probably going to happen i'm probably going to end up rich um invested in everywhere without um doing whatever i want like which is helping you helping everybody and trying to find ivory um that's but like these i'm not enslaved i mean i'm enslaved because they say that i have to live like this in order to uh exist because i won't work um but uh but beside like i'm not they're not saying oh window you have to develop this linux server and develop this script that can then create an auto creation account process that can then build or automatically deploy websites with the information automatically changed from the input I gave it like a like stuff like that it's it has nothing in it's not not me it's not me there's nothing from me that's being output to uh to then develop this okay um let's change it then let's say i want to develop artificial intelligence so like i've been trying to do like i want to talk to a robot forever and then eventually it's going to become a super philosopher and it's going to be like talking to me and i can talk to like 500 of mine i wouldn't maybe i talk to three of myself maybe in maybe i'll get a round table um and and talk to a lot of myself like i'm pretty smart i know this is going to work and I know that everything that eventually wants the recognition, speech recognition is understood and implemented successfully throughout videos and also updated and not just updated as in oh they update their process so then the new videos get better, OCR, but so the videos that are old also get those updates so then they can get better and better and better speech so their speech would consistently be improved and but like we gotta look at what what we do in life and then we gotta look um and we gotta learn how to go boom boom okay so is it something that is to do you is you so when you when you do it so when you take it in right so whenever you take that activity in is that then going through you and cycling around all of you and then after that are you then passionate about then expressing the concerns ideas possibilities through like a construction like this so and not only that where I'm talking to myself right now and when I watch this whenever I decide to complete this this uh show or whatever it is um then like i'll be able to uh talk to myself again and then i'll be like hey this guy's super smart and then he'll be like um but what about this i'll go wait a second i don't think that's right but you just made me think of something bang and then you get that you know the the light bulb moment and then you get another great idea so you're constantly bouncing off of yourselves in order to uh develop and refine your own potentiality within your own psychological and spiritual makeup and don't get me wrong we'll add physical in there too because yes my physical makeup is what allows me to be able to walk down the mountain walk up the mountain walk all the time um carry lots and lots and lots of stuff I'm pretty fit and I was pretty fit before. You saw me in Mexico where I was not very fit. You want to see how fit I am? But I've been here for like three weeks, a little bit over three weeks.

Okay, so you've seen what I've done in three weeks here, right? You remember three weeks ago when I was in Mexico? Okay, so I want you to compare. I was pretty skinny in Mexico, but at first, when I first started taking it, I was at a little tiny belly there.

But yeah, I want to show you now. So this is from three weeks, and this is what happens. This will be what happens every time you do this sort of stuff. and you want to see what happens in like a year of doing this I know they're not common muscles look at that so who's strong is a bodybuilder that that goes to the gym all the time is that what makes someone strong um I'm through with this thing like Q says future proves past the future of blockchain Technology, Automotive, Banking, Financial, FinTech, Charity, Cloud Storage, Commercial Vehicles and Transportation, Credit History, Cyber Security, Donations, Education, Energy, Forecasting, Government and Voting, Gun Safety.

I can't read all these. Human resources, insurance, IOT, law enforcement, legal, marketing, media, medical and health care, music streaming, public transportation and ride sharing, real estate, travel, wills and inheritance. I like blockchain a lot more than currency. It's still evil, though.

Welcome to Yo-Hell. You'll see. Money is not required for this revolution.

For the love of money is the root of all evil, which, while some coveted after, they have erred from the faith and pierced themselves through with many sorrows. And I think that means everybody. Like 99.9999999999% of the population. All who are thirsty, come to the water.

Are you penniless? Come anyway, buy and eat. Come buy your drinks, buy your wine, buy your milk. buy without money because everything is free but why do you spend your money on junk food your hard-earned cash on cotton candy listen to me and listen well eat only the best Fill yourself with only the finest.

Am I talking literally, metaphorically, or allegorically? Or tautologically? Pay attention. Come close now.

I am, I am, I am. Listen carefully to my life-giving, life-nourishing words. Thank you for making a lasting covenant. commitment with me. I love you. It's the same one that you made with David. You set him up as a

witness to the nations. And now it's my turn. The Holy of Israel has honored me. It is starting to die now so depending on how much gas I use I'm sure it would probably only last three hours if I used it full blast but if you look over here there's how much gas you can put to it so right now it's on max because as you get really low it'll turn off if you don't put it on max because it doesn't release it as fast um so I'll finish this soon and once I finish this then I get to put this in which then is going to be super warm in here for a few hours then and then it'll do the after a few hours it tends to get a little bit colder but not freezing at all and not like really cold um I just I get like two or three hours of really good warmth with a new bottle so yay I'm so happy revelation 3. I know your works. Behold, I have set before you an open door, which no one is able to

shut. I know that you have but little power, and yet you have kept my word, and have not denied my name. Behold, I will make those of the synagogue of Satan who say that they are Jews and are not, but lie, behold, I will make them come and bow down before your feet, and they will learn that I have loved you. Because you have kept my word about patient endurance, I will keep you from the hour of trial that is coming on the whole world to try those who dwell on the earth.

I am coming soon. Hold fast what you have, so that no one may seize your crown. The one who conquers, I will make them a pillar in the temple of my God.

Never shall they go out of it.

And I will write on them the name of my God, and the name of the city of my God. The New Jerusalem? The New Jerusalem. I didn't even know.

Okay. Which comes down from my God out of heaven and my own new name.

He who has an ear, let him hear what the Spirit says to the churches.

What is my new name? 1077! John McAfee, the guy who created antivirus software. So these are serious issues that we're dealing with.

On the earth is looking at ways to shut us down. Why is that? Represent. That has ever emerged and that threat is run.

So they do that? Taxation. The governments know, cryptocurrencies, if they succeed and have widespread or universal acceptance, if their funding is gone, who's going to pay the congressman? Force won fuel for that massive traveling hotel that the president buys. The government says they're going to sit Ivy by and go, well, let's just see what happens.

I have this great meeting. It's going to end us all. Well, don't worry about it. No. No room now planning on what do we do to shut it. We are facing a real war. And you're facing real possible hardships. This is the question.

I really love Face Like the Sun. Gons is awesome. So when you first turn it on again, give it five or ten minutes to run on full heat.

It's going quite fast because the pressure is quite high when you're at a full bottle.

So it's still releasing a lot. So I can put it to minimum. See how we got it on minimum now? It's actually a little bit below minimum, so we're in the yellow.

now and that's all we need I love this I don't know why I didn't do this a long time ago and I can cook with this too I can cook with this how cool is that cooking you know God I don't think I would have cared if we were allowed to live this life virtuously and we only have one life if we were not immortal if If we only had one chance to do everything that we could do ever, I would not have minded if you only let me do it and become everything that I could become.

Testing us to give us eternal life, thank you very much. But I would have been very happy with one if you just let me live that life to its full potential. I wonder how much longer all of this is going to last. I wonder how long the U.S. will last.

What about Australia? It must be like 35 degrees in here. I did a bad thing. But I did a bad thing to find out the good thing.

Which the bad thing turned out to be the good thing. Like what happens all the time in our society. Which is why your laws suck. Why you can't follow your laws.

but it's made for stupid people your laws are made for stupid people so I'm in the tent I closed it off and it's been going for like five minutes and it's super hot and that's all I need and can you not see how that's actually a lot safer if I just get a warm abode while I'm right in front of it so i can monitor everything and wow i just saved a whole bunch of gas by putting it in the tent closing the tent running it for five minutes and then turning it off lots of little life hacks i'm a life hacker yeah baby my ivory i know that this isn't the science that our mainstream likes or appreciates or respects or agrees with but I'm just going to throw it out there because I think there might be a link and over the next few days we will see. And that is if I stay warm while I'm at home, will I stay warmer during my travels? So because I start out with a warm core temperature will I keep a higher temperature throughout the day let's find out and so what I do something another thing like everything I do none of you people like so I do stuff that you tell me not to do all the time and I find out most of those things are actually the right thing to do so yeah Yeah, I think that this science is more valuable to us because I can want something out of life, like to be warm, and then I can figure out all the details of it by creating little experiments. That's what real science is.

And Hume knew that. But then you got Freemasons and Illuminati and Satanists throwing bricks through his windows because they want to control it. And if you can control knowledge, fake knowledge, if you can control what you, or what society, entire society entire world thinks is fact and fiction then you can really really fuck with that society so every one to two hours I run it for like five minutes I wonder what my overheads will be now so even though we say oh yes I'm willing to accept that I might have to spend $30 per month in order to be able to live warm, which that's not really a lot, to be honest. But then we figure out better ways. That's what we do with everything. I'm not sure. I think, okay, so

I want to put a tarp. Maybe tomorrow I'll get a blue tarp and and I'll put it in front of the tent so I'll have a place I can walk without worrying about wearing shoes and then that will be covered and that will be really awesome and then I will have my own house and yes I know it's small at the moment super tiny at the moment I got this room which is my biggest room you like the size it's huge and uh that room hurts joints and later on this week we'll have it bigger then the next week we'll have it bigger and then next week maybe not every week but close to it this is how you build your own adventure this is how you choose your own adventure this is how you actually live um don't do what those guys are telling you don't even take their schools i know i say oh be a spy um but that time has passed i said be a spy until this time right so i mean i'm a spy with everything so continue to be a spy with everything but but i don't want you ivory going to school when there's school shootings all the time um and not only that they're teaching you crap and then you're not going to become a better person they're not teaching you they want just the opposite out of you and that's why they're putting you through that school um you shouldn't go to school and you should fight back and then you should prove that you're smarter than them so you can then create your own curriculum because you can be smarter than them because to be honest they're really stupid because they've studied their whole lives on fiction um and presented it as fact and you can do just the opposite and you can spend your whole life on on fact and then making it look like it's fiction but but you can see it's documentary so uh this is such a weird life like Like, who's done this before? I've never seen anyone do this before. I've been looking for a very long time. And the closest I've seen is that, um, my new friend, uh, Jackson. Uh, is it, is it Peter Jackson? I don't think so. Um, Stephen Jackson. There you go. Okay.

Steven Jackson. I'm learning. I've only been following him for maybe a few months, but he's really good, and he does the closest to what I do. Still not anywhere near what I do, but this is the way to do it. I can do anything I want just by this camera, and you know, I was in technology. I was going to make a whole episode, a whole lecture from my phone.

So I only use my phone to get the lectures, but to do the lectures, so I can show you how you can only do it with portable. But to be honest, that's not a very good thing to do because you want to be able to look at your phone. You want to be able to use your phone as your prop. And if you're using your phone, then you can't use your phone as a prop because if you're using your phone, then it's out of the picture.

And the only thing you can get from it is what's inside of it and everything that's outside of it is not useful. So that brings me back to what's useful from a phone.

I don't even know what I'm saying. Today's been such a weird day. and to be honest i don't think i'm tired but i feel like this world's doing something really strange like i feel like i'm my psychology is kind of like feeling like i'm not really here anymore like i'm here and everywhere else too and and i can understand what's going on and i can and but it's like i'm this i'm every day or at least today today was really strange it's like i was completely disconnected i was like uh listening to what people say and then like yeah I should say that so then I said that and it's like I'm really disassociated with my body but then it's funny because like I have so much fun the disassociation is really strange it was the same thing I was telling you before about when I was fixing Linux and it was like I was disassociated so there's something really strange in this world happening and there's something really strange happening to me so let's experience and see what happens to be honest I think that some of us are going to be giving powers but I guess we will find out and if not now in another time not too distant or are the rapture yeah you want fact then I can tell you tons of stories that aren't factual and you'll learn more about facts than if you go to school or go to university or like what they're teaching you is completely crap because they they do it just the opposite they they teach you um fact as it's fiction so they'll spend lots and lots and lots of time with lots of resources and everybody disconnected you that's why you had the credits you have a lot how can you make a movie with having that many people in it like what's the substance of the movie like you can't create anything really meaningful when you have too many voices that are in that movie um see see what i mean though but i keep on losing my track i turn it off and i had lost my track of this one before this one and then i'll watch it and then i'll come back um i'm not sure what's happening but i'm having fun and i'm still doing pretty good and and i don't know why my hair is curly my hair has never been curly before um i'll get like you know uh i'll get calyx like when my hair's short i don't do my hair short because if it's like if it's like that short or shorter then it'll like stick up like you know me like a little hair that'll just stick up that hair um but yeah i've never had this happen before it's just like boom i think it looks kind of cool but it won't stay like that um it's gonna grow out and it's gonna look pretty cool i think and it's really good though because look look no hair in my eyes yeah yeah see see yeah see no hair ah see I can still see ah see that's why I needed it and I like having long fringe and that's called fringe and in the US you call it bangs I like having long but um it's not worth it because the function the functionality that you lose by having the long fringe um living this type of lifestyle um yeah it's not really worth it i wonder um i don't think girls would really care because i think girls uh do that from the very beginning so they have long hair usually um when they're a child and they grow up with it so you get used to it so i think it's something you get used to um but they usually do stuff like put it behind their ears i could have done that but see when i put it behind my ears i get this weird whoop so it's like a whoop like my hair does this wave um yeah that's not that's annoying too but so if it's out like this and it'll get my eyes every chance so like i could pull back and that's what i did in mexico when i was working um or i could tie it up in like a bow tie or something but then it's i don't know um i like i like it now you'll see you'll see over the next uh few weeks uh it always takes a little while for a haircut to start looking good yeah i'm gonna go find out those two things that i forgot okay so three things that i wanted to expound upon there the first thing we have is documentaries and that's the power of documentaries and what documentaries can do for you and why everything should be documentaries and this is why hollywood and the the elite in the freemasons and the illuminati and all the secret societies uh don't want this to occur because then they lose their uh stage to and by act i mean fake right so we can then let out our personalities let our personalities free right and then because we do that we find who we should be with and then we work together and so we're building each other from ourselves and from each other and we're doing it in entertaining stories about exactly who we are and uh and they oftentimes seem stranger than fiction so why do we have fiction so if we can have documentaries that are not only stranger but more entertaining more fun uh more educational uh and provided you the ability to make your life into anything that you wanted it right are you sure that you should continue to go to school right is that how you can become a genius okay um another thing we were talking about the camera and how we shouldn't be dividing between uh this right here right and then this right here okay so i have this and i have this two right and they can interact with each other if i only have one they can't interact with each other when so that's a problem see this is a character in my films i have lots of different characters in my films um but they're all like kind of fictional that i kind of make up and or or that i no i don't really make them up i they usually start out as something and then i build them into my stories um so uh what i was saying though this carrying around this is annoying this is in need of a lot of improvement okay so what should happen you see that where that u is that should be on my hand you see it should be like a little do I have a glove here that I can okay so um here we got a glove here let's try the glove all right see this this camera's annoying too because the battery isn't square at the back so I used to be able to hold the other one in my mouth the sony I held it in my mouth all the time but this one falls out sometimes but let me show you okay all right cool we got a glove right it doesn't have to be a glove it can be something that you kind of strapped to your hand and maybe right in the middle of that glove could be my camera and Maybe you and I want to focus. I can like do that No, no, no, no, no, we have to figure it out because in the middle you can't cover that because I need to be walking around If I want it pointing towards me there if I want pointing towards me there like there Like this is how I should be kind of doing this and then the equipment should be on the palm of my hand there and then I can Make it free again, and that equipment should have the ability to then be mounted onto something like this All right and mounts on to the interface that can then bring this back So if you don't want to just use your hand if you want to use the old-school style then you could Obviously do that or you can put on the back of your hand So you can just move it around where you want it um maybe like if we make it a really nice device that has good zoom capabilities that's very very important um and even a light yeah a light on it too i'm gonna say that too and and um i don't know like there's a lot of potential with with an idea like this um so we have to really consider how we would or how we could implement it uh to be most effective so i could then do my videos like that and then not be encumbered by having this thing and see I put this thing in my pocket after every time it's really kind of annoying so we need to do that that would be really awesome and if that wirelessly transmitted to my phone which has been lost now somewhere around here oh here it is then that would be ideal so there's a lot we can do with even modern technology to make it a lot more effective for this type of education, for this type of entertainment.

Remember at the very beginning when I said, when you guys asked me, oh, who's your audience? And I go, everybody's my audience. And you'll understand that now because of blockchain, because I knew how this was going to happen. And I would try to figure out a way to help you all, but no one was interested.

Oh, well, no egg on my face. maybe a little egg it's kind of funny in the scene before the last I said I could tie it up in a bow tie I don't know I've never done that before maybe I will one day see what looks like it's very funny Adith made me buy and wear these I hate these things don't worry I will not ever leave this on in a tent it's safer for me to turn it on for like three to five minutes every hour or two than it is to keep it out there running indefinitely



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



25-War-Games-Drill-15-Decentralised-Authority

I got this app when I joined BitChute because I had to upload a cover for it, and it didn't automatically create one. And you know what I'm thinking? I'm thinking that might be better. I don't know.

We'll have to see because we test things, and then we just keep on working them again and again and again and again until we see the psychology. First, what I'm going to do, I think I'm, it's, the reason I usually use my phone upright is because I can use another hand, but when I'm not using, when I'm not using a camera, I'm going to start learning to work like this, and it's really this app that's taught me how to do it, which is the Cover Photo Maker, and so right now we have to, we've just done, we've just uploaded um this we are we're about to post it um so we just go paste and so we pasted it in the um yeah from the website that's why I'm trying to get the website up so much I'm just loading pages from it whereas it would be so much easier if I just had it right there next next next next next okay so here's the thing I was talking about before where you require to upload a cover so we upload this cover and see that was one so now we got it yeah and I'll show you how we do this like it's really kind of cool um I'm learning it too and this is actually helping me learn how colors look together so by actually playing around with it again again again just and not caring I don't really care you know if it's not any good doesn't matter um the really annoying part is see upload it and it changes the file name and then I have to write that file name like it should take that information right there remove the last four characters off of it and and use that file name and plop it right in there but it's not doing that so that's the only annoying thing I've thought I thought that this was an annoying thing too but uh I always learn uh through experiencing um but I don't know we'll see how this works on like I don't need to do on YouTube I'll work with the platforms um so this one doesn't do it so let's uh so this is that maker let me let me show you from the beginning so it's pretty easy you get this right you go create okay so you see you have all these these are all different themes you can create from um so then you go where where was that thing that I found that had that spring fresh abstract see these are all different I don't know where the one that I had before was there I'll show you so you get there yeah you see so I'll just go through this Valentine's day yes they do special ones this is just leaves flowers no no no that was it the flower one oh yeah okay so um elementary um i'm thinking that this looks pretty good for that okay so then we gotta go this this is the um preset so we got this and we go um 16 by 9 so it changes it we can move this around and do anything we want to it but we don't want to because it's in the middle it's like a centered picture so we want it like that um and then we go text all right so the first thing we do is we change this to the middle so now we got it in the next thing we do double tap and then we go project notebook and then we go it's not it's not chapter it's like a book chapter four see I'll do this too because you just I'm making it into different sections so each one of those this line I messed up on it okay so um and it goes elementary dear Watson what oops I didn't correct Watson okay so elementary dear Watson okay let me just make sure apply you got apply it you've got to make sure you apply it before you change screens otherwise you'll lose it um so we've done that so project notebook chapter four elementary dear Watson okay so you can see it's so what you can see it comes off the screen you see so all you got to do is you see you know trash it you know it's kind of good when you see me make mistakes because you know you can you can learn from them too and so we'll take there there we go okay I mean if it's a long title I'll do that on two lines if it's a short title then i'll just do it on one it looks better if it's a short title um it doesn't matter okay so we just go oh wait we missed one thing okay so we um double and we just go here okay so what would look good that's why i was because i wasn't sure because it's like a lot of different colors is there a purple in there there's there's a red and this looks kind of it's like a red but has purple so and this is a blue or those are just do blue so it doesn't matter two oranges these are two types of reds two types of greens so now we want purple we're royal baby and we'd like to get it close to magenta i think is the right which is like it's like royal i like royal like a bright royal purple and it's and these little um color wheels are hard to find it um but once you get close if you just um okay so there we go that close actually that's pretty good it's pretty close um so we can move this to make it lighter or we can move this to make it darker so we make it lighter um i'm not sure what like sometimes it'll let me do like a ring oh here we go okay okay let's try this uh i think it depends on where it's the wheel that's good i like that that's good okay um the only thing that sucks about that is i can't put in rgb i don't see anywhere to put in rgb um but that doesn't matter uh this is probably better because you're just playing around with it um see i don't know it doesn't look too good it needs one thing it sucks about it it needs like to have an outline because when you have an outline it looks a lot better but they don't have that feature um but that's okay because we have to work with the color then so we need something darker um we don't we got oranges greens reds and blues that we don't want to use oranges greens reds and blues so we need to use hot pink maybe what do you think is that hot enough there that's pretty hot oops you gotta make sure you accept it oh that's why is it no i don't know some some of how this wheel thing works it's kind of confusing for me um but i'm gonna learn more about it the more I do it I just wish like cuz it in Google I can just type hot pink and it'll give me the RGB and and this seems like over the top and like I can't even get it right what I'm looking what I'm thinking about my head it's not working so maybe I'll do in between purple in that color so what do you think no see it's quite difficult to find okay so let's get a darker color um let's look for a different color that's dark how about how about brown well i haven't even used brown yet and i hardly ever used brown for anything so um was brown in here okay so let's see how that looks all right that will definitely stand out um because it's darker so yeah that's good i like it so project number chapter four elementary dear watson okay so now we're just going to check to make sure that that's the uh the right title i think i'm pretty sure it is um jump and then all right the way we do that is we'll just go in here and we'll just go next it's just so easy we made it this easy for us but um oh why is the oh oh that's why so because i there's no menu and i need to be able to navigate i can just go next and back and um but yeah so i need to figure out how to get a menu on it when it's not live on a website um so yeah elementary dear Watson and you go back to it all right so I know I'm doing this and taking a while to do it but I'm trying to show you you can do this quick once you um once you get it down well so I don't know like you learn stuff from it like does the colors look good like that I don't know the four and the red there like just don't don't change it it's there to help you it's uh it's a development tool and it's not you didn't do bad if you mess up like there's one that the number looked weird it's not bad it's not a it's it's not a mistake it's just something that it's a learning process um so now i have to save it and i've just been saving it since it's on the server i'll just save it in dropbox and then i'll just go into uh oh yeah it's drop i dropped i dropped it in drop and then project notebook don't don't select that select the middle okay there you go okay yeah it's there and we just go select and see it's saving now sometimes that takes a little bit I'm almost done here let me just write this title so I can show you how it functions um okay so we're going back over here and you see it came up it came up okay so now we just have to write this yeah yeah so we just want it normal but that's stupid the age 13 plus my works for as young as you want to start page up okay so um yeah see what we do is we press page up here it makes it easier for us but we need a video title and the video title is down here so we can just copy it and compare it it's really hard to do this while I can't see the screen okay so I'm just going to type in here what's down there okay um let's get it which would be project oh yeah the server doesn't do that so it's annoying so I have to on the on the server I have to go B R O D G's notebook chapter four and then we go we go colon so that was all that would be the only thing we change if it took the name from that and put it there we would change that to a colon so chapter four the colon elementary dear Watson okay I made a typo okay there we go okay so now those are the only fields that this requires how cool is that you do those fields it doesn't require the description you don't have to put a description one time I didn't put any description and I just uh and I just why did I put the looking glass here because we just put the looking glass I need elementary dear Watson alright then we just put the looking glass oh yes there we go so I'll show it's really fast it's the server and I'm gonna do archive.org again I know I deleted it all which was not easy to do but you kept on locking me up so like telling me that you would keep locking me up if I kept doing it so it's really hard in this weird world that punishes you for doing the right thing but yeah once you upload it then it will go to then all you have to do is click finish we're gonna wait for it because I want to show you so you can be prepared and you know exactly what's gonna happen see there's no surprises okay so it's almost done it just uploads way faster than YouTube so it still processes so the files uploaded now but it it hasn't processed so what we do then is we click finish and this happens and we have it but and that usually takes about between five and 20 minutes that's uh and youtube usually takes between um an hour and sometimes five hours so big difference then we get an email it looks like this took about 15 minutes to do um and we can we get all these emails and it's really cool because we can kind to just track it um yeah and we just go archive archive uh and and we can go back um and even though it's saying it's processing now we can um do this now we can zoom in and we can refresh now the video is live pretty cool way what what the looking glass okay did i do something wrong settings and maybe because I've got the settings there okay so did I put the looking glass on it I thought I did elementary deer Watson it's okay it's a really easy fix you were just going to settings you're gonna let us go into settings we just gotta click here or actually I have to click over here paste down paste down paste down paste down paste down and where is it oh it's over here that's why um yeah I remember I had to do it before too and yeah see and you must have noticed it and thought I was stupid you're like what's with this guy so weird um and then drop oh I see what happened okay because I deleted it because I thought I already did it so I go back to here and then i go here again and i go boom boom share with this um and put it in drop box and then put it in um drop and then put it in project notebooks like drop okay saving um then we go back sometimes it can take a little bit for that if we unzoom it a little we can see what happens it won't take very long oh it will take very long because i'm i'm thinking a lot of movies give me a moment i could have waited doesn't matter so i just go there i can see it previewed it is the right one this time yay i'm not so stupid this time um there we go beautiful so now um can we do we need to save no no because it does it automatically so now we just go back to watch or actually we'll just um refresh like we did before oops here and refresh um that should bring me back to the movie i'm hoping um which then it'll tell me if it's the correct cover or not i just deleted it and adding them back again they don't take very long see there's two points i'll work it all out eventually really helps me learn aesthetics though so i just go over here to shadow shining so every time we remodel or upgrade we flatten our campsite our house and you can see this is getting really flat now and once it gets even more flat than that then I'll start digging slowly but surely because I can always just you know move this out of the way pretty easily these things keep breaking on me huh where's the other one that's right no you see there's the oh I don't even know where the right is where I put the right there it is I'm blind I'm really exhausted um tomorrow I'm going to rest because I haven't rested since I've been here it's been like three and a half weeks I'm so exhausted ah just starting on a little floor now just an extra layer of protection goes all the way back yeah so that means that I won't have to wear shoes vitamin b12 helps you maintain your core temperature but it can only be found with meat and I've been a vegetarian most my life so maybe that's why I struggle to maintain a consistent core temperature when it's cold so I'm supposed to it's this is a really strong one it's like one of the best you can get but you spray one one full one in your mouth per day and it's supposed to absorb really well and and if you have too much of it doesn't matter it's going to store in your body so I'm hoping this is what the problem is for me changing cold hot cold hot cold hot cold hot and we'll see my first dose I'll take two because I haven't had this stuff in a long long long time since I was a little kid and didn't realize that hey animals were sentient and then I had to learn that and then realize that hey I can't eat animals because that's like not very nice at all um yeah so we'll see I hope that I can maintain a core temperature better um because it's just uh cold hot cold hot cold hot and um it i guess it depends on whether i'm active or not either um i need to get eventually get active thermals um that will let me cool down that will breathe when i'm actually active and that will seal in when i'm not um i'm finding that depending on the conditions you have to use a lot of different types of clothes and different not just clothes but different methods to keep warm because it all depends on the conditions because the conditions can vary so much so you have to really just kind of and it takes time to figure it out you know there's camping stores all around australia but i haven't ever seen anybody in australia who does stuff like this they just go on holiday there you know and pay you know for all this stuff to and and every time i go to camping stores i ask about stuff that that i struggle with right and the thing is it's like most Most of the time they can't help me, they can't answer me and then I look on the internet and like for example a battery powered heater, so a heater that is like a little mini heater, I had one once and I showed it to you but it required a wall outlet. We need USB heaters, USB tent heaters, like if I could have a little heater that was like this long by like that long or something like that and I just had to charge it via battery and I could just stick it in the corner of my tent and not even worry about it like it just heeded your tenant that's what we need to invest in and I've been telling us this before but we need to be able to get all of the equipment required to easily and comfortably live like this and once we do that we'll see a revolution because people will realize that what the government's offering are trying to force us to do is not good or healthy at all and then once once you rebella against this I mean once a lot of people start doing this and then people will go well we can like live awesomely uh without doing what the government says and once they realize that then everything's going to change um this this sort of thing is building and see we do it so wrong the way we use our construction methods um nowadays we we have a plan right and we go okay so we have this outline and we have like the boxes and we have like a detailed structure that says, okay, this is how we're going to make this home, right? We're going to pay us $200,000 to do it, and here's our stages, and here's...

But the thing is, that's not organic. That's, like, so artificial. So, whereas this, like, the first thing I did five years ago, like, what I did is I found this spot, this little spot that had someone look for gold or something there. I was like, I can do something with this.

And you see how now, okay, so that's pretty much flat. Where that is, it's pretty much flat. But you can see, look, this is falling down because I'm going downhill here. But you can see that this is, like I said, that's really downhill.

But this is starting to be more level and more level. And then the thing is, that's all going to be filled in because I'm going to keep on brushing all the dirt here. And we're just going to keep on digging and digging. But I don't know how it's going to turn out.

And to be honest, I can tell you some things that I'm going to try to do with it. And then I might decide something better, something more appropriate would be better. So but that's organic and you can see that like okay I go okay let's look at it when it's organic you don't make decisions like this. You just go well this is what we got and you hang out in this spot you mean you're experienced to it all the time and you're thinking like just because you're experienced to it you're like okay what can I do next what can I do next what can I do next and by this process you're actually thinking of the best way to build a home based on the environment that you are actually surrounded within.

and what we do is we just like we don't care about the environment you know lots of trees like which destroy everything and instead of us revolving around our environment we force our environment to revolve around us and and why do we do this because you say you own this environment you can't own this environment and and I don't care what you say you own this environment and I don't care about your laws I'm gonna do whatever the fuck I want because the thing is I only do good nothing I do can be mad oh and if you want to say otherwise prove me wrong I document all this fool hmm it's not very gross but it's not good it doesn't really matter but you see vegan very cool I was wondering like how do you get it you know you know like why do I have to have this thing only like why can't let's see the ingredients okay mmm whatever you know no looks pretty okay I don't know how many people understand all this stuff I understand some of it so for example don't understand that purified water no idea what that is glycerol um is that like glycerine ethanol that's like alcohol toks for balloon okay that's vitamin E polyethanol ethylene glycol okay so is that sugar types of sugars it doesn't look bad this was in the health food shop so it should be fine yeah let's see if I can not get hot and cold that's what I want I hear helicopters out there and they're still going but I'm not sure they're coming this way but I quickly did this I did not peg anything down I've just kind of laid a border and what going to do is lay out the other one and I'm going to figure out how to attach these well. So let's try that. It's too dark to see it but it actually took me a really long time and it's still not finished yet. But I'll show you.

So here it's taller than me here so I can stand up here and go back and now I can't really stand up anymore. But I can sit down all the way and see how it goes out to here, which the water is right over there. Yeah, pretty cool. This stuff's pretty good. You just can't have it in two larger quantities.

I love how I can get this. I missed that like nowhere like the U.S. It has some good stuff, but not as much as Australia. Australia has a lot of good vegetarian stuff at the supermarket.

it opens it up a lot can you see what this is done for me so I'm in my tent right now okay but now I'm in my tent okay now I can get a nice mat I know a nice mat that I want but I gotta wait for next paycheck there's a lot of stuff I want but I can't do it right now because I'm gonna end up without money and I don't want to do that yeah but it's really really kinda homely I'm gonna get some salt whenever you like establish a home you should kind of salt the borders it's really comfortable I am so exhausted not just from today I mean today is probably one of the most exhausting days that I've had since I've been here but that's not like there's I'm just wearing myself out so that's why I'm taking a break tomorrow and this didn't turn out kind of how I wanted it turned out way different I just kind of worked with the material the holes didn't line up which is stupid i bought it at the same place and the holes don't line up so what can i do so i have to figure out what what to do because the holes don't line up um yeah and i i'm not sure how i'm just playing with it manipulating it and when you do that see so we have this basic structure kind of going and i can think about it you know so i can see the city that i got my view that i wanted um i didn't necessarily want that view but but i want to extend down there because my water is right there so so that's just part of the process yeah yeah I want to cover that tent over there and that little part over there and then that's all I want to really cover it's really good I really like it and and maybe eventually we can replace this with canvas tarp that would be beautiful so we have one two one three four five six or five five or six would be good I love these stages and I got so many of them and if I find another site then they have those stages again so it's like I really I relive all these moments again and again and again and just super annoying um how I I feel like no like no one said anything if this guy comes to your website just starts like uploading tons and tons and tons of videos and like no one's saying anything they're getting watched though um last time it did that it actually did upload so I uploaded again and I had to fix ones that were messed up so I'm just gonna wait and that price really a lot of sirens and beeps all right so morning um I think it's pretty cool see up here which is tied it to there to support and it doesn't cover everything but like I guess I could move a little over there but then that wouldn't be good because then I kind of want to destroy that wall a little bit so I need that room Oh, here. Test. One, three, four, five. Test. Is it a sign? I'm just trying to guess the eye, but let me give them what we get there. Thank you. See, they don't even care. Like, I'm just filming and talking. And, like, if I was to, in the morning, um, if I was to plant something here, they would dig it up.

uh and a scarecrow would do nothing for these crows uh they're cool though i like them i almost sent me back there's another pack red my camera confuses oh yeah you can see his butt

clear butt look at this how does this do you know who just fell oops you okay let's see Let's see. Okay. Recovering nicely there. Destiny.

Back to eating. Stuff that grows on a tree. A tree. Sap.

Two working together. Very beautiful. Am I a filmmaker or am I a photographer? My ex-girlfriend, she told me I was horrible at photography.

And she came and said, just stop. Let me do it. Let me feel real good. Don Miguel Ruiz, fix me again, boom, ka-ching.

A lot of darkness around everywhere you look, but when you look within, then you find some lightness. So what is it that I'm pretty good at that I could maybe help others that could potentially help us during these times in which are going to come, in which technology is going to rapidly develop. And you'll see, so how are we going to cope. And I'm going to introduce what I have to give, which is a martial art.

most of my life I've studied ninjutsu different types of ninjutsu um maybe see this is what I do yeah that's what I do and I wipe oh yeah I'm clean now and here's the best way look Oh yeah, oh yeah, yeah, right there, and then come back, yeah, see, mmm, mmm, smells so good, oh, I'm with it, and it's with me, and that's what I smell like, um, I don't even mind my own B.O. around here, it's like, my body odor, it's like, uh, it's like, oh, yeah, nature, oops, but what I'm getting to is I'm going to invent my own martial art and it's going to be a mixed martial art mainly based in its roots with its roots mainly within ninjutsu and a lot of different types of ninjutsu because I've learned a lot of different types over the years So that's what I have to give, so I'll kind of over time show different lessons as I do what I usually do, I'll just have different lessons that I as one person can show. Because I still train even though I'm only one person, they say oh, you're only one person so you can't keep training, it's like well can't you? Even if you can't physically train, you have like two other faculties there that can still be working.

And then when the conditions are right, you just, it's like you've never stopped. Maybe you have to work your body a little bit. I'm back. I'm better than I was before.

You know how I said at the beginning? I said, I agree. I'm not good enough. I'm not like I was before.

But now I'm better. And how long does that take a month for me to get better than I was before? So I'm peaking. I thought I was speaking before like if one man you know can accomplish all this like I'm releasing it now um you're gonna see it's like uh the thing is like 700 videos or something like that and a lot of them were long some of them were like three and a half or up to four hours is crazy so no one's responded with anything right now but that's just because it's that website but youtube would do the same but youtube hides it i'm not sure what's with this website but we'll see maybe maybe i'm just flagged i think i'm flagged for everywhere um because it wouldn't make sense otherwise because everybody else gets like comments for stupid stuff and and knowing like i'm hidden from the world you can see it from all And then when I do get replies, it's like, uh, this makes no logical sense.

So I'm like, what? I'm a philosopher. All I do is use logic. Where's your logic?

Oh, if you have a logical argument against me, then please do propose it. And I'm willing to hear you out. If I have spoken in fallacy, please point out my errors so that I may adjust them. So I may adjust my conclusions.

Until then, I think I'm standing exactly where I stand, and there's nobody that's even attempted to do this throughout all my work. Okay, so sorry for the rant, but yeah, the whole purpose of this was just to introduce. I'm calling it Wenjitsu. Wenjitsu.

So it's like, I, but it's like, Wen. Wen? Because you kind of say Wendel, most people say Wendel, but some people say Wendel, and some people say Wendel, so I don't really care how people say it, but I'm pronouncing it with Wendel, like the wind, which is roots of words, who's like the wind? I'm just going to teach you stuff that you can do as one person that can really help you tone your body and be able to put yourself in the positions that you might need to use in a practical situation.

And you can see the types of situations that I'm in. So what I'll give you is things that I learned, things that I will have learned from doing all this. So I'll give you practical stuff. So you've seen me do a lot of it.

I put the record button on, but a lot of it the camera can't catch. I just have it in my hand and you go, what happened? He said, well, you can't see the depth there. But yeah, you'll see that over time.

And I've talked for way too long, so I don't even know if I can include the lesson, but okay, we'll see. include something short okay so uh yeah our triangle is very outdated um so now we have a better landscape so it's kind of good that it's I mean eventually we want to flatten a lot of this but we don't want to flatten all of it um so uh a good um I'll teach you just like a neutral stance Okay, you shouldn't ever buckle your knees, right when you buckle your knees you put strain on your joints and that will shorten the life span of the cartilage and you want that to be composed of muscles, so if you do that, if it buckles, then put straight forward and you want to be able to put your weight on it, yeah? That's what you want, you want it to be in that springy position, right? So you never want that, you always want it slightly like that, right, and when you do that, so that's the highest it gives, when you do that, that gives you a position you can zoom, you know, so look, I'm going to go down, but I'm going to show you eye level, okay, so I'm going to start going down now, okay, okay, look where I am now, I've stopped, see I haven't moved, you see, okay, so I've, so I'm holding it, and it puts a lot of strain, right here, right here, you can see it from above, so because it's uneven, I got most of it right here, and you can feel that, right, right, so, oh, that's pretty hard, so let's let it down, right, but it was like, oh, right there, because you can see the gap, so now what we do is we're going to, okay, we're just going to flip, okay, so all we did is come back to this point right here where we started, and here, okay, and now where's the strain is going to be, where do you think the strain is going to be, yeah, okay, so I'm going down, right now you can see the world goes down, which will still help you with filming too, where do you think the strain is now, where, yeah, where, yeah, it's right here, it's also right here, so if you get there, you'd be right too, yeah, so, okay, but that will help you if you're flat surface, it's just a neutral stance, or even slightly Most of the time you want to be like this with people because you don't want any harm, put your hands up, oh don't hurt me, don't hurt me, and yeah so you don't not like this, just springy, springy, like if you keep, if you forget then just go like that and kind of jump up and down and then you know that you're in the right position.

Yeah, remember, no, no, hyperextend, that's called hyperextending. A lot of people do it with their joints they go like pop right and they rest on it that's really bad for your joint don't do that um don't force your joints to do don't don't force it to do stuff that it shouldn't do um and then use it as a clutch. Crutch and a clutch both oh that was good okay um yes um so let me show you the walking Okay, so I'm not sure how much I showed before, but it was never Win Jitsu, so I can do whatever I want. Okay, so come in, I'll just show you some movement, there we go.

Let's get the peg out of the way, okay, so from here, remember springy, so from here out to there, you see how it's not level, that's cool, that's cool, so let's go back, So do you see how this puts us in this lunge position? Now we can put weight here, weight back there. Look how it was different. This is actually a stance.

So my opposition would be right over here. Now all I did is, see, from here. All I did from here. Remember, don't just go blah.

have to always come up and then out right okay but i didn't go like that you see the difference was instead of going like that because that's a that's like a horse stance right right um but this what i did here instead of doing a horse stance went from here right out here right and then this is a really good stance right here you want just a little bit in between uh i've had a lot of instructors say a lot of different things i say think about a little bit in between like if you're straight on right so there should be a little bit in between here and here if you're straight on which there is so that's perfect so i just tried to join a christian group uh so i could post my videos it's an australian christian group people are really messed up a countable So? See, I was trying to say bye, but he wouldn't let me, so, award-winning comedy. Yay. Woof.

Goodo. Not particularly, because it wasn't a threat. It was a promise.

I love it. So stupid. I hate YouTube. Terrible.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



25-War-Games-Drill-16-The-Sacred-Secretion

Hawaii is really getting hit hard just a game

Steven Jackson He's been doing this for one year. He is the first

employee of Open Source University, and he doesn't have a choice. It's already happened. I don't care

Steven Jackson Mine What else they do is they're in a rush to fictionalize the truth, so they insert truth in fiction stories or fiction movies. What happens is your mind plays a trick on you and it says, oh wow, since you saw that in a movie, it's not real. We have directed our focus from each other, from the people, from the relationships in our lives, into the things of this world. And that's where technology made it really easy for the elites.

Because if we could just invest our entire minds into this technology that currently has no life of its own, then we're investing ourselves into something that's dead, something that's not a living thing, which means that we're no longer concerned about the people around us and you can see it you walk down the street no one cares no one cares that you're walking down the street you walk in a shop you get something you you walk out like no one cares everybody's doing their own thing everybody is in their own life doing their own thing and like there's not much of a shared existence anymore like sure you see the same people and you say hi and whatever but and you might to some degree pick up the same routines but you're no longer working with those people you're you're just it's more like pleasantries so it's like oh i have to see this person until i can get down to what i was really wanting to do which was what um like it's really weird and the reason i use this is to try to connect to people um to try to try to show this and and it's really difficult when when no wants to listen and the thing is like people say oh god god's love and god would never condemn anyone to hell or anything like that but i'm not the more and more i think about it the thing is is that they want this life they want the things of this world they uh they want the free for all they want they don't want to concern themselves other uh over others so when god rips us out of here, God's going to be giving them what they want too. So, um, that's like, because that was something I struggled with when I was a kid. It was like, well, if, uh, if, if God's love and God really is love, then God wouldn't want to, God wouldn't condemn anyone to hell. But, but if they're making their hell and God just sends them where they're going, then that's like, that's what they want.

That's what they're directed towards. So how can you turn something like that? You can't, you can't. this entire video was really weird so far um first this whole scene like the whole beginning of it like where i'm up to now so far i don't remember myself doing that actually i kind of do remember myself but i was like asleep and i was like wanting to go to sleep and wanting to be asleep but some reason i was doing this it was really kind of weird so i thought it was kind of funny so see how long that lasted it was like really out of the day oh no it's really sad so like I'm trying to do this but I can't do it because look um it's dead there's certain keys that won't work on it and it's really sad very sad yay I removed the crappy Mexican firmware and I then updated it and hopefully it's not rooted anymore so we'll see what happens hmm maybe not annoying I really hope it works I'm going to do it already hopefully this won't have problems now we'll see needs a wireless to download so stupid oh well I will do it tomorrow and it'll probably fail I just have this gut feeling that's going to fail all my electronic equipment is faulty so my laptop a lot of the keys don't work my camera today the little lens thing broke and in addition to that um my phone ever since I rooted it the volume sucks on it like it's really hard to hear I have it on full blast and I'm like like it's really really bad so I just use this battery right here but this doesn't last very long so it's a lot of charging like most my charging is probably on that stupid little speaker which is really stupid like that and the phone are always having to stay charged which if I had a phone that didn't have that problem then I wouldn't have to worry about it yeah and other electronic equipment, laptop, phone, camera. Yeah, laptop, phone, camera. That's it. Our elite are consuming

live pineal glands from children to experience the ultimate high. When we talk about adrenochrome from children's blood, we are only partially right. The adrenochrome is in wide use among elites, but is only half of the secret, as the live pineal glands have remained an important part of spiritual human history. Eating the dead flesh, or better yet, live flesh of the pineal gland causes activation of the pineal gland, allowing the user to see and experience a connection to the universe not achievable otherwise.

Because not only is this common practice, it has been going on since the dawn of time. The forbidden fruit. The pineal gland is a small cone-shaped part in our brain that is responsible for producing serotonin derivative melatonin, which directly deal with our hormones, which in turn modulates sleep-wake patterns and our seasonal functions. Located near the central part of our brain, the pineal gland occupies a small area between our two hemispheres.

I call it the pineal gland, but I've heard some people call it a pineal gland. The press, isn't it beautiful? Wow, it's so amazing. Like why would we build stuff when we can just do this to it?

This is so much more logical. Why didn't we just do this at the very beginning? We probably did. Well, now, I can pay with my phone.

Yay! I get free bus rides from Canberra between 9 and 4, and after 6, and on the weekend. This is so weird. I'm not used to being able to tap my phone.

Okay, well, that's awesome.

Hey, beautiful.

How can she be a Christian?

I'm just talking to the cameraman about my mother I recorded so many never my mother do not create your own home. How do you enjoy your new home Brent yeah is it warm my home is behind that building nothing just watch very soon. I'm coming back to the hearts of worship, is our God. Look what they used.

Milk crates. Why would you kick a person from a group that was having a whinge when the group is all about having a whinge in camera? They blocked me this time. And it happened like 10 seconds after I posted the video.

So good job, humans, on accurately assessing what was in front of you. You're really awesome at that. It's there. Oh, they deleted it.

It said about how humans are too stupid to accurately assess what is in front of them and how I'm filming her. Yeah, but she deleted it. Good job. Yeah, I've been blocked from this one too.

Awesome. I'm censored. Yeah, thanks. I forgot.

I messed up oh sure yeah it's not gonna post because I'm in Facebook job I have bit shoot now which works for everything that I do and I just need backups which I have anyway because Vimeo I use Vimeo and I'll use archive.org later too so I don't need to use YouTube so I think I'm gonna stop using YouTube because YouTube's a censoring machine and I'm doing the same with Facebook now but that's a little bit more difficult because it's very difficult to find communities, social networking communities outside of Facebook that are close to you. So that Mind program, which is a type of decentralized social networking platform, is not really helpful to me because I can't find any groups in Canberra that are in it. Facebook and YouTube have been my most fierce enemies and they do not even possess a pulse. It's such a pain. I've

only posted like 10 posts today. Like it doesn't matter if I post a lot or a little Facebook will censor me. Makes no sense too because I'm on their fucking inside. The Griffin Center? Look at this suburb called Musum. I wonder where that comes from.

Look, look, they censored me from messaging. So now I can't message. So it's abusive to tell people to stop eating their fucking kids. Watch this. See? Send failed. The action attempted

has been deemed abusive or is otherwise disallowed. So it's abusive to call them out on their sins. That's the Freemasons here in Canberra. Let's see if I get arrested for being a good person.

Because that's what they do here on planet Earth. Because you get in trouble for being a good person. For doing the right thing, you get in trouble. I don't care.

I'm not stopping. They're just jealous. Bombs? Look, who is the terrorist? Is it me? That's what you all say. I sent it to a lot of the fuckers. I was never asking them. They thought before that I was, even though I told them I wasn't.

I never lied. Told you all from the beginning. You thought it was crazy. You did the opposite of what I said. Now you all pay. Enjoy. Look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look. A real person. I do not think I have ever seen one of these before.

why why why they don't have to tell you let's just say coming for you there we go is that feedback wow I have so much of it throughout all of my films I wonder why on earth they would censor me I hope this website works but I think Facebook has already brainwashed everybody. This thing actually works pretty well, surprised.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



25-War-Games-Drill-17-Reconciliation-Day

What a butch guy. She thinks she's a superwoman or a superman. She probably thinks she's a superman. Well, fuck you. That's what you get for trying to save the world. You get shat on by everybody.

Um, hate speech. That's what she did. I will report her. Report her. Yeah, good stuff.

I'll block her. She'll do that from here. That'll work better. People are so stupid.

So, with Mines, I set up an account and I posted some basics, and this is what I'm being paid out in six hours. um yeah so all of these creator apps that have heart that have potential actually pay you to be a creator whereas like facebook and even youtube because you have to be what they want you to be they won't do that this is a pretty cool app so you can see all i posted here um notifications are here don't have any messages uh and you can do groups here too like here's groups here there's there i don't know it still has some work to be as good as facebook as far as um what it can do um but this is still pretty cool and it's paying me for being what i am And I haven't had any people be really really mean to me, but Facebook always people are always horrible on Facebook Because it's full of a whole bunch of Israeli paid Shills, I think that's the right word shills That's it. I was right

Remember this one from yesterday? Yep, so this one. But we've still got a little bit to go. Thank you all again. Please enjoy the events.

Deception. And now I'll finish like I always do in the language of the Ngunnawal people. See? see

how is that possible when they eat our children don't keep history a mystery They're just covering up the history with another history. They created all.

You mean that these people? Are food? Yum! Food!

Do you want to eat them? how vitally important Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander artists to this part of this community but how difficult it is sometimes for Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander artists to engage in mainstream arts features some of Australia's most innovative leaders in chamber folk opera new music and composition they seamlessly cross-pollinate between genres of music and other art forms to create a unique experience of live performance they've inspired audiences and communities around the world today they're going to be performing highlights from the iconic southern sky written by estonian acknowledge the traditional custodians of the land that we're performing on today and respect the elders past present and future music you are hearing right now was written by by Estonian composer Omar Sissas, who visited Australia in the 1990s to write a piece of music for every constellation in the southern sky. Brindabella Ranges is like the USA's Bohemian Grove. This is the Illuminati capital of the world, so I'm in the right place because I'm the leader of the Illuminati and now we've declared war on the free bases, so let's take that to fruition.

the max. The truth this is all a cover for there is no such thing as Aboriginal people or anglo-saxon people or black people or african-american people or Spanish people or Mexican people or we're all the same. The hidden history is that these demons eat our children ceremonies like these keep us divided for us the flesh are all the same and it's just hiding what they really do you think I'm crazy now but guess what I have been collecting proof for 10 years And I have over a thousand hours of video footage to prove all that I am saying. Now it is time for World War 3.

Why would I do this? What do I benefit from doing this besides being homeless and fucking poor? And besides all of the proof that I have, why would they react like this when I talk to them about it? Why would they avoid talking to me about this?

Why would the Freemasons avoid me like the fucking plague?

But, Wendell, what can we do about it? This is huge.

Scream out to everyone until everyone knows. And find every single lodge and challenge and destroy every single Grandmaster that the Freemasons hold. They are so weak. The grandmasters of the Freemasons are so weak. They are pussies. Freemasons suck. They're weak. They can't do anything. They hide behind doors because they have no power. The Freemasons are pussies.

At least us fucking Illuminati have fucking balls whether or not we're male or female. And the Freemasons don't even allow females in to their corrupt organization. It was really funny, this dickhead named Kane who was a drug dealer and super tough and had his gang of people, he started saying how he hates Americans and how I fucking train up a whole bunch of military and and start wars and shit like that and then he and then uh he threatened me i said don't you threaten me you do it don't you threaten me you idiot and uh and then he headbutted me really hard and i didn't feel anything but blood went everywhere and his answer like i'm like what the like it was really really funny and then he backed down i'm like what it was really funny um i'm tough as nails and people people that don't understand that they're you're gonna get fucking burned! His name is Cain, from the Bible. But this time, Abel

beats Cain. I'm going to report it, so the next time he does it, I can destroy him. I hope they do not arrest me for what I have done. Done. And good. Simone did not look

up my name in the computer and it's been reported which means that next time I can defend myself without worrying about consequences he did not attack me because I said anything or did anything but because I am American anyway the The cops knew who he was and said he had some major problems. He was such a pussy. His head was bleeding after he headbutt me, I mean it like kind of flew the blood too. And when he realized his head was bleeding he was like ah ah ah ah and then he like just stopped fighting and he was like ah ah and I like walked up to him and all his friends too and all his friends were like go away fuck up fuck up fuck up it's like whoa you're gonna attack someone and then fuck yourself up from the attack and then tell the person you just attack the fuck off like oh you know this doesn't happen to normal people because you don't have God behind you this happened the day after I challenged the Freemasons and told them to send their best to fight me is that the best that you got I didn't feel anything at all It's true though, it's sad.

I'm just talking to my video camera mate. Dragonborn. It's so cold. Demands.

Nothing, I'm just talking to my camera man. Yeah, that's why they keep locking me up. I keep on getting crap from them. I don't even know how to remove.

Report spam. Look at this, they told me before that they would give me an email. would give me an email once I graduated. That's what they said, but look how much of a paint is that? 963? Interesting. I said something earlier on that might have been a little confusing for you

because the dates inserted in the videos do not work, but I will show you what was supposed to to happen the setting that I enabled that I wanted to make it where you could always see the time and the date whenever I made my film so I didn't always have to record the time and dates but this is the beginning of one film and on my camera it shows this I thought it recorded that too which would have really cool but nope it doesn't it just shows it well I think I might redo some of war games because I wasn't in the position to be able to optimally produce it and I made too many errors so I think it's probably best just to redo war games which that would be perfectly fine that's me you guys are so stupid how How cool is this? My books are on Google Books. Awesome. God, we live in a world where everybody's afraid of everybody because they're all unstable and they will attack you not necessarily for personal reasons but for reasons that are collective for things that are out of your control for like where you were born say like hate crimes exist because people hate not individuals necessarily but collectives so the collectives that are hated have to live in fear of those who are unstable who will randomly attack others because they're a part of some type of group in which they have no say over so this is the world we live and you can't be a good person here like i'm different because i say screw you to everybody i say i'm not gonna listen like i can i've been studying philosophy my whole life so i can easily depict when someone's talking shit which is everybody the tv the politicians anybody who whose mouth is open who's a fucking human yes they're speaking shit and all the things that they're doing they're walking around like oh I gotta do this gotta do this this is so important my life's so important and they're doing nothing they're doing absolutely nothing their toils have no significant backings and they they don't talk any substance at all they're all like completely brainwashed and and then they want to hurt people like me that are trying to help them are you seriously saying that you don't think that the tribulation is happening right now man like read the bible read other ancient texts read spiritual texts it's all there and if if you can just read it and then compare what you read with what is then you it's really obvious really really obvious and all you're just so fucking stupid and and the thing is you're not willing to learn so where does that leave you if you're not willing to learn you're not willing to change you're not willing to fix problems then that means you're you are the problem so what do you do with people who aren't willing to fix their own problems who want to continue to hurt other people and not be held accountable for that. Hmm. God, what do you do with those

people? I hope you enjoyed this poem, uh, episode, poet, poem set, drill. I love how I can change my episodes and drill or lecture or chapter or book or whatever. I have lots of cool stuff um another thing is i got an audit on my youtube to see why that people weren't coming to it and it turns out that i can't put proper titles on my titles of my videos i actually have to put random words and and crap things that will attract people to it so i can't put like a real title so fuck you YouTube I mean I'll still stick with you to try to get my videos up um just so I can get people coming in um because that's where most people live is on YouTube but YouTube is not going to to be my focus anymore because the way they have created YouTube is really stupid and bitch shoot has a lot of potential okay so let's say we could do this with bitch you um okay so bit shoot so while you're watching a video it mines cryptocurrency and a little bit of that mining goes towards the one who who is hosting the bit shoot okay and then and the videos and then a little bit of that mining also goes to the creator in which the video that you're watching and then a little bit of that mine are the rest of the mining goes to the person that's mining it which is the person that's watching the video which is you which that means you get money for watching videos and then and I get a little bit of money for you watching my videos and then the host gets money for like this is smart this is really smart to do this because this is win win win there's no losing here and you don't have to censor to do it um in addition to that you can also make it where, oh, this creator's really cool, so I'm going to give Wendell a Bitcoin because Wendell's awesome, or something like that.

You know, there's so much potential with this, and I'm really trying to push it. After BitChute is prepared to, once they fix some of the problems, and once they refine just a little bit, I mean, if they have a lot of developers on this, it won't take very long um if they're focusing on it but all they have to do is um make it open source and youtube in time is dead because if you open source that platform so you're the original so the bit shoot is the original bit shoot but their platform bit shoot could open source it so you can then download the bare bones of their bit shoot system um which includes all the features or i mean bare bones by not all the videos and all the data and stuff like that but all the features right and then that could be open source and then any let's say you don't like bitshoot anymore then you just take bitshoot's platform and you make your own and and this is how we get beyond our problems like censorship and stuff and i've talked about this a lot before um but just i mean logic logic none of you know how to use it you're all fucking idiots and then you get a philosopher who spends their whole life studying philosophy and you're like, you're a fucking dickhead. Are you serious? You're gonna say, hey, this philosopher who studied philosophy his whole life and tried to fix the world because he could see what was happening? Yes, he's an

idiot and he's stupid and he doesn't know anything and like, look at what you're doing. it's it makes no sense oh well um i guess happy i can't i can't remember uh consolidation no no um con reconciliation that's it happy reconciliation day um so they're reconciling reconciling all of the problems that they make up so they just make up shit and they say this is a problem and maybe they get other people who say hey this is a problem and it's not really a problem but they're like oh this person says this is a problem and we'll just let them go with it we'll let them run with it it'll be fun so this person says that yeah we need a reconciliation day um and and we'll just waste time doing that and and we'll make them believe i mean you don't need this shit it's not about it's not about um aboriginals versus white peoples or any anything like that um all it is about is is the elites and then coming in uh and doing this and it's so slow to because I'm downloading lots and lots of them so I'll just come back when it loads so they want more children to eat and they want to control more peoples and cultures so that's what they do is they do this how can you reconcile this I mean they're doing this so they can eat your children you can't it's just a game it's fun to them and there's like oh we're being transparent now we weren't before it's all lies before but now we're being transparent but no they're not they're just like playing with you they're fucking with you colonize other people's lands and eat their children and do this and do it again and then when they figure out they were doing it and they have proof of it then then we'll just like we'll be transparent let's okay we'll just admit that we're doing the things that they're like blaming on us like the they're like I mean, it's obvious that we don't treat aboriginals well, and we kind of took them away from their parents, like their children, and we put them in white homes, and before that, we kind of like committed genocide on a lot of them, especially in Tasmania, and yeah, you know, we don't care about life or anything like that. um i don't know what else to say this this episode is done um dear god please help these idiots to see because i don't know what the point of my life is or was or whatever because i've spent my whole life doing this because you god told me to do this yet i make no change Yet, I am held back. Yet, I am in prison for trying to be a good person, for trying to do the right thing, and spending my life doing it.

Please, God help them see. God help them see. Please, God help them see. I think it was 2017 that this was created.

Ivory Heart was conceived in 2011 and is about a man who falls in love with a little girl and marries her, causing the end of the world. backspace it is a true story and you stole it from me so now your name shall always be associated with pedophilia you can watch the entire movie from this site this keyboard sucks all keyboards suck they look at this look good from this site there we go let's see look at it is able it it it it it's like deleting them it is put it there enjoy your pedophilic investment maybe it will teach you to not steal shit from people if you didn't realize you are an idiot you are in Australia too okay let's see what they say my post oh yeah here we go so fucking hi yeah



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



25-War-Games-Drill-18-Mission-Heart

I'm not going to watch it, because you're an idiot.

Focus got confused. Come on, focus.

See, this camera's fucked up.

How can I fix the focus? You can't, because, see, it just dropped the focus. So, like, now there's no focus anywhere. Do we have focus here?

Yeah, see, it can't focus. There? We got focus, so we had to do it all again. okay but we're not receiving focus on anything close up see like this can't and you saw it happen this camera is really fucked up yeah okay I'll stop it and sorry watch this why do they care if it's not true bad um it was bad to begin with all your relationships in this shitty world are bad not 19 well time doesn't really exist and it's time to stop fucking around good this isn't good helping people with my life isn't good oh yeah yeah this isn't smart to try to save the world yeah right bullshit yeah it's gonna end with you in hell and tired of helping people who don't want to be helped so fuck you all tell me one person in this corrupt world who has managed to do something good with their life this world is not set up to enable anyone to do that and even those with the best of jobs are fucking miserable

facebook messenger is no longer simple there's ads everywhere it's all complicated like there's all this crap everywhere and and it's really super annoying so like they do this with everything like Google gets released without ads and then they trick you and they oh we have ads now it's okay because it's still free and then Facebook is released without ads and then they insert them so it's really super annoying so I'm gonna have to try to find out how to get off Facebook messenger too the tools that the elites give us are really pathetic and are intentionally created to control our minds this thing is beautiful very good quality and very very lightweight thank you st. John's and backpack bed.org this also is beautiful thank you st. John's thank you God cardboard is no place to sleep give dignity to homeless without shelter would you sleep on cardboard so why Should we? It's what we need. Heat.

Your values and your beliefs and what you want out of life. I think finding someone who is compatible or has those same values and beliefs, that's really important. Five years later, I haven't looked back to students. Visit eharmonies.com.au or download the app to find your book.

Is that it? Yeah. Here's a quick tip for finding your ideal hotel. One, go to Tazago.

Two, find the hotel you want. It worked? I think it worked. It's just been two days and I already have double, more than double, subscribers that I had on YouTube because YouTube hides me. I

wonder what is happening on that day. I censored this book when the cops arrested me for it but now I fixed it so it's no longer censored. The nine tell Fox has appeared in times of consequence all throughout the ages a ghastly spirit destroying all that lays in its path as powerful as any act of nature men trembled before it not my mother fucking toxic you know what that is makes no sense whatever I told her I warned her again and again I was trying to be here for her just in case like she needed me for an emergency and that's why I didn't block her but now she's getting blocked. You've seen what she's done? I've recorded it all. I can't leave myself

vulnerable to her. Block. Fuck off whoever you are. Demon. Actions speak louder than words. Words

mean nothing without actions. There we go. Bye, there we go. See you later, demon.

I'm downloading so it's really slow, and plus this area is really bad, it'll sand, it doesn't matter, you'll see it. I forgot my camera today, so this is some things I wanted to record from my journeys today. We've already done that one. as soon as possible so that looks like a promise to me that impossible finally I'm not rooted anymore but I don't need that system where I have a Linux server on this phone because I have VPS's now so I'm very happy yeah yeah I'm pretty good yeah it was good oh oh no another one okay so there's two uh how many times am i gonna do this oh so annoying i was born in 1984. oh well that would have been issued 30 years before you

and you want to do the other side yeah and you can tell the age because decimal currency came in in 1986, 1866, and that's signed by the then Governor of the Reurbank, H.C. Coons, and then Rowan Wilson, Secretary of the Treasury, and they were the Governor of the Reurbank and Secretary of the Treasury in about 1963. Wow. So at 65 years old, I've been trying to sell them.

Wow. I don't know if anybody wants to buy them. That's really interesting. James says that he feels that he I'm not on a mission that he feels that he should be a part of so I just wanted to document that that is this service right I gave him ivory heart 5 years ago in DVD format.

He never watched it yet he's upset and mean for not telling him the secret. I am not here to bring peace but the sword. He said that his interpretation of Jesus is different than mine and he says he doesn't think that I know Jesus and he does not even know the sociological conditions behind the New Testament or the Old Testament and he's supposed to be a pastor and the thing is he didn't even care take no part in the unfruitful works of darkness, but instead expose them. For it is shameful even to mention what such people do secretly. But everything exposed by the light becomes visible. For

For everything that becomes visible is light, awake, cry. James told me that we should be having fun living life within community and that's what God wants for us and I'm wrong by examining, by seeing the tribulation and I should be investing myself in community and enjoying and living life. I then showed him this and he's like, oh you're just misunderstanding the verse, oh no, you're just misunderstanding it, oh. Freemasonry is lies.

This is funny, it's that picture, exterminate, exterminate, or sorry, exfoliate, exfoliate, Exfoliate, yeah, it's funny. Same thing. Are you going to work? We'll see. Yeah, right. Yeah, cool. And, booyah. Oh, I'm already registered. Good. Exfoliate, exfoliate, exfoliate, exfoliate, exfoliate.

I am a rock, I am an island, and a rock feels no pain, and an island never cries for itself, for none of us lives for ourselves alone, and none of us dies for ourselves alone. We should not be islands unto ourselves unless we are in the tribulation and everybody is against us. They like it. Never. It's really funny. Really, really funny.

They see. They see everyone. And I didn't. Do you remember that? When I gave them the chance?

If you don't, it's on Vimeo. Thank you, God. They are just God and the Spirit. spirit. I got it all. I have everything. Never.

Just watch.

there's a trick here I'll show you I think I understand if I can just get her I think God's showing me what I need to do but I have to get her and I don't know how look this is this is true I know I said in my other videos but I'm pretty sure this is true it just happened differently a little bit differently than the Bible said We have similar. I'm pretty sneaky. Antichrist? But I'm not telling them what I don't want them to know. Christ. Which is why? Half the trainer. Oh. Well I hope that's the answer. We'll see. We'll see what they do.

Holy. Not yet. You tell me. Who's more powerful, the individual or the collective? No, man. Collective can't see. The individual can. Stole it.

Remember, remember my note, please sit down. Never, ever, ever.

Remember, just pause it and read. That is actually the time, because I said it. I can't wait, I'm gonna upgrade my Windows machine, and I'm gonna do all my uploading through Windows in the future.

True. Unfortunately, during the tribulation, you get locked up if you see the world in this way.

If you track back my work, you will see that I have tried to do this many times.

They know this. I keep telling them this. But they keep doing the same things. The same patterns keep repeating.

it's pointless I was right to begin with just another thing about James he told me that philosophy was worldly and also satanic let me just reward that James also told me that loving wisdom was also worldly and satanic I am over encumbered with video files and I'm going to restructure the way I did this you can see that I made this the pilot but I don't usually do pilots or trailers or anything unless it's something special like unless it's there's a real good reason behind it and the reason for that time was because of Udemy but I'm not on you to me I got kicked off you to me um so this will now become the first episode of war games oh it just disappeared into the abyss it's a miracle I found this really weird Easter egg it's like super strange I'll show you how I found it okay like this came up and I hold it and then it's that like right here but that came up when I did this I like what was that press this yeah you see check out that easter egg and I just hold that how weird is that I was actually trying to do the USB thing which I think is this thing is it that no it's maybe this one oh no that's not it oh maybe it's this one oh it's the build number I think I think yeah there we go okay so yeah now I got my developer mode on. Weird easter egg. Mines is such an awesome social networking site with real people. I have not had a single negative comment on Mines since I started using it. Are you sure that Facebook isn't a mind control

tool. Throughout this new process of production I have lost some video files but it's not too important because it was only like a file here and a file there and I don't think I lost any bulk information. It won't lose any meaning or Or the meaning it'll lose won't be significant and you probably won't notice. But if I'm talking about something that you're not sure what I'm talking about, if it wasn't mentioned previously, then that's probably why and I'm sorry.

But things happen in the future it won't because I'm ironing out this process to perfect it. After I finish this show, I will no longer need this. I still might use it from time to time though, just not required. And there's a few episodes that I don't speak very clearly and it's difficult to understand me and I'm sorry for that too, but I was really really exhausted, very tired, I have to walk up a mountain every day, sometimes multiple times, and it's really really exhausting.

My body has to get used to that process again, and when I get really, really, really tired, my mind just is out there, and even though, like, I was listening to it very, very carefully, and I was able to understand what I was saying, I was still making sense, it was just that I was very difficult to understand, because it was like, sorry, because I was just, because My mind was just out there because I was just so exhausted, so I'm sorry for that. But just look at the circumstances. Look at what happened and look at what I had to do. I mean, carrying all those things up the mountain, man, that was really, really exhausting.

Not an easy task at all.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



25-War-Games-Drill-19-Womens-International-League-for-Peace

maybe I spoke a little too soon like how rude is this can't see in between the lines what a dickhead and then watch this I'm gonna mention me it's here it is no it's here somewhere no tag you tag me there it is watch this yeah like why would you post this never even done crack all of my limits for now is the We battle between demons and angels. I am a rock. I am an iiiiiiiland. Wendy, Moira, Angela, Dali.

Hi Wendy. Where do you live? Second to the right and then straight on till morning. And the letters?

Don't get me letters. But your mother gets letters. Don't have a mother. You were crying.

I wasn't crying about mothers. No. I was crying because I can't get the shower on a stick. My shadow symbolizes my tie to the human world of lies.

The tension between the traditional two opposites of good and evil, of light and darkness, sets up the fantastic battle between us and our shadow. The external depiction of an internal struggle from the traditional symbols of light and darkness, the shadow emerges as the embodiment of the dark side of human nature. They are not real, Wendy. These are our Freemasons and other occult members, and here is our objective.

It's happening.

Just fixing a mistake, and I don't have the original source files anymore. No, she doesn't. How sick is this? Adventure, duration, a lot of laughs, you're in the wrong spot.

You should know that whole days are going to pass by when you just don't know what's going on.

But if you're looking for something safe and easy, it's probably not for you. Matthew 24, 38 For as in those days, before the flood, they were eating and drinking, marrying and giving in marriage until the day noah entered the ark and they knew nothing until the flood came and swept them all away so too will be the coming of me okay flight mode is on verified and this just popped up we saw it just pop up you see yeah i can't believe what happened last night but i don't have to tell you at least not right now ah there we go it worked power to you both facial recognition and iris scanning working in low light conditions The Huffington Post contacted Larson after confirming that his campaign website shared an IP address with these forums, among others. His sites were terminated by the domain host on Tuesday. On the phone, he was open about it and seemingly unfazed about his long odds of attaining government office.

Quote, a lot of people are tired of political correctness and being constrained by it, he said. People prefer when there's an outsider who doesn't have anything to lose and is willing to say what's on a lot of people's minds. uh

we have heard so the women were really onto something and Woodrow Wilson the president of of the United States said, can I please have these resolutions and use them in negotiations for peace when the time comes. Interestingly, every world leader said, yes, I agree with all of that. Everything that you've said, I agree with. But we can't start the negotiations because we would look weak. And everybody on both sides is worried about that. So the

will continue for another three years so that in the end more than eight and a half million people died and more than 17 people, a million people were injured, all because the world leaders were worried about the big week. Eventually the United Nations was formed and the United Nations is totally based on the first resolutions of the Women's Congress that met in 1915.

And they were solely committed to finding negotiation and peaceful conversation as a means to new world peace. So women started out thinking that they had no power at all. But by the end of this process of this Congress and meeting with all the leaders, they realised that negotiation, that diligence, that determination, courage, integrity, resilience, public opinion were places of power and that they did have power to change the world for good. And we, too, have that power today to change the world for people.

And so I hope that in our own ways, we can be people of peace today, just like the women of the Congress, 100 years ago. Thank you for listening.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



25-War-Games-Drill-20-Freemason-Finale

No idea what this is, but it was such an artistic comprehension

By using all the paints that were displayed to me It was very enlightening

Welcome to the month of 666

It's time to take over the Freemasons

It's been ten years

to have flown by. Will you help me take over the world? Me think it over. I could probably do a better job than you humans have done with the earth. I agree. It's now time to find my wife.

I'm glad we agree. Already? That soon came around. This CCTV video you're seeing here was captured from this farm located miles and miles away. And now here is a separate view of the object

from yet another cctv camera where in this shot you can clearly see the object coming down and going back behind the trees fully maintaining its shape i mean you you don't see any small pieces burning off like you typically do with the meteorite and especially a meteorite that's only a few meters which is what nasa has said was the size of this object that according ivory where are you I don't know what password did you set

It's got a 54-billion-head motor with a 37-billion trans and a 39-billion rear end, a two-speed rear end. It has a narrowed 44-dash, got 16-inch Ford wheels, and it's chopped 4 inches. I think this works. ...built-in blend. It gives you a flawless, light-white finish that keeps you looking selfie-ready all day.

Blend it, blur. My little chickens.

It's great for this.

As we touch your heart? Yes. Could this be part of the question? Oh, I saw it.

But we've triggered the book to put her on her game. You're just distracting me. Who will end up with a broken heart? I'm a bit upset, so let's move on.

The chase. This week is five. We're only there, so it's perfect conditions for winter veggies. This time of year, the majority of broccolini is coming from Queensland.

And we're expecting an abundant supply due to the mild weather. Also, right now growers are producing good quality cauliflowers. Receive plenty of large bright white coloured heads and hopefully a mild winter will ensure good availability. This week's fresh market update brought to you by Woolworths.

Technology, safety, adventure. The new diesel LDB TX in 494 from just 28.990 drive away. Perhaps you can please all of the people all of the time. Test drive one today.

I want to show you the future. Blue's DNA is the architecture of a completely new planet. We're not an island anymore. If we don't shut this down, everything changes.

The Delta Smart Modem is Fury Interruption Smart. It's backed up by Australia's best mobile network. To make your Indian experience more seamless. The 8-hour body lotion is here, with intense moisture serum and double the almond oil.

Enjoy smooth skin for 48 hours. New media body lotion. In with Milo cereal, whole grain energy and fiber. Now it's vitamin D for growing bones.

While most people are looking for more, I'm looking for less. Distraction. Less self-doubt. I'm going for my haircare.

I want less butter, and more nourishment, less artificial, and more natural ingredients. My organic, because sometimes, less is actually more. State of origin, passion, rival, survival, great. So what's Carlton Dry going to do for this most interesting occasion?

Let the game decide who wins prizes. Simply collect game moments from your 24-pack of Carlton Dry. And if your team comes through with the goods, you'll get the goods. If they win, you win.

If they score, we score. Will this be yours? Let the game decide! You're on Origin Game 1 with Sportsfest, and if your team leads by 8 points, we'll pay you out straight away.

And up, you win with Sportsfest.

Loosing your time, down tools. That report can wait. I ran for president too, I'm talking to my camera dude. I made it from an original 39 Auburn windshield, I modified it to hit this car.

I want to use these two cool old gauges, I don't know where they came from but it's got oil pressure and water temperature. I was arrested in that show.

came from but obviously it's very old you're probably gonna get like that steer i must change it around i guess my favorite thing about the old tools is that it's not with mass production in mind it's all about the hand crafting so you get a lot of tools left over from industry that don't make money for people so you can make them up cheap first i set up the steering column i hooked up the original steering wheel and it was too big it didn't fit so i just made a new hoop and made a smaller wheel i mean now that it's starting to look more like a car i'm thinking about the paint and of course i was originally going to go with like flat black with red accents but after seeing the dashboard and how cool it looks i think i want to see what this looks like when i shine it up bless you

is what I do. It's like I don't pride myself in auto body or in fontan or in paint. I just pride myself in making stuff out of metal. It makes me think of like a sardine can or something. It's like it's cool. I think the rusty frame is enough. I think the rest is black.

You can't decide where to put the shifter. I mean originally I was going to put it in the middle, big tall shifter. My other car has that, I've seen a lot of other people do it, but there's just no room in here. So I remembered I had this, this is an emergency brake for a Chevy truck, like a 66 or something.

I think I want to make a jockey shift, a suicide shift for this car. So when you're driving, you're out of the car, you know. It's really tough.

Come on. Pardon me. Oh my god, you and my family couldn't tell you that you need to talk about the trade. We're making red wine and mushroom ragu using new Maggi Marketplace recipe days.

Toss in some mushrooms, literally pour in the base, add some greens, and then elegantly plate up. Or just eat it straight from the fan, whereas you and Maggi cook the nipples. Poor girl. Never forget you, Enos.

If it wasn't for eHarmony, I'm quite convinced that we would never prosper. Other dating sites don't really work because they're after one thing and you want someone you like that you can share it with and you know you can get that from eHarmony. Five years late, I haven't looked back since. To find someone next to you, visit eHarmony.com.au or download the app to find your spark.

Libby's new 48-hour body lotion is here with intense moisture serum and double eHarmony Enjoy your game for 48 hours. New media violation. Back yourself with Ladbrokes in Game 1 of State of Origin. Play the first try score a bit, and if your player doesn't get the first try but crosses for the second, we'll still pay you out as a winner.

Ladbrokes, back yourself. Just 20,790 on-road with your APN. No rule. To finish this show, I know that I have done this before, but I'm going to do it again because it's important, and I'll do it slightly differently.

Who would you like to spend your last day with? Uh, gimme a... And I've never even met you.

Confidence! Be bold!

I'm going to save you, Naruto.

Always giving up before I even got a chance to start.

I almost took the wrong path so many times. But I lost care.

You helped me find my way and take the correct path, Naruto. I always chased after you, wanting to catch up, wanting to walk together with you forever. You've changed who I am, Naruto. Your smiling face saved me, Naruto.

That's why I'm not afraid to die here. If it means I can protect you. I changed.

If tomorrow, last day on Earth, I would make my entire life complete.

And a soulmate that God made us together. I love you, Ivory. I love you with all my heart. With everything. I did all of this for you. I saw that your generation was being exploited. And I had to say that. I had to. I had to. I love you, girl.

But such occult powers are not so easily destroyed, and we must Hinata, you have to infuse me with your chakra. Working together, we might be able to break it apart. Unite our powers. Cluster of Byakugan?

Finally, be strong in the Lord and its mighty power. Put on the full armor of God so that you can take your stand against the devil's schemes. For our struggle is not against flesh and blood, but against the rulers, against the authorities, against the powers of this dark world, and against the spiritual forces of evil in the heavenly realms. Therefore, put on the full armor of God, so that when the day of evil comes, you may be able to stand your ground, and after you have done everything to stand.

Stand firm, then, with the belt of truth buckled around your waist, with the breastplate of righteousness in place, and with your feet fitted with the readiness that comes from the gospel of peace. In addition to all this, take up the shield of faith, with which you can extinguish all the flaming arrows of the evil one. Take the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God. not the Bible, not the words, the Word, and pray in the Spirit on all occasions with all kinds of prayers and requests. With this in mind, be alert and always keep on praying

For all the Lord's people. I know exactly who I choose. There's no doubt whatsoever. Never.

I want to stay with you forever and ever.

I want to be with you, Aenot. Eternity. I'm not a dog. Because we didn't do what everybody else did.

We decided to do something different and follow God. I'm going to take really good care of you.

Please marry me, Ivory. Please marry me. I want kids, I'd be a good father, I'd be a good father, rape them or hurt them, I'd be a good father, I want kids with you Ivory, I have not sent this yet, I will send it after I upload and advertise this video, which will be today. They are entirely of their, but they don't care.

They do what they want.

There's no law. It was a joke.

All of you fell for it.

You missed it because I had snot hanging out and then I sucked it in.

And I should have waited until I showed you. Maybe I shouldn't have. That would have been gross. Maybe I did the right thing.

Maybe I shouldn't have shown myself.

Okay.

Strange. There is so many puzzles in this life, so much hidden and plain. Yeah, I just don't want you to see all my friends there.

What a day.

I hope you enjoyed my show, and I hope something comes of this, because I've just been doing this for 10 years and nothing has ever come from anything that I've done. And it takes a lot of faith to do this for over 10 years. Not exactly this, but I've been on this journey for over 10 years and it has evolved. I've been making videos like this since 2012? The beginning of 2012? I guess the time before that was planning how to do this.

All of this really kind of started in 2008 when I decided to ignore what everybody said and study philosophy as my major.

And this is what you do with a philosophy major. I don't want to rule anything. And I'm only doing this because I have to, because someone has to stand up to these really messed up people, if you can call them people. I mean, they have an autonomy of some type, so they're people.

And a lot of them, most of them, almost all of them are humans that have been persuaded to the other side. and I'm gonna take them over I'm gonna take them all over I took over the Illuminati and now all of the important Illuminati forces are on my side and it's time for the Freemasons and the good thing about the Freemasons is they actually have a physical location so there's a lot more that I can do but But they're so much more quiet than the Illuminati. They just won't speak. And the Illuminati, you can twist their arm.

So my point here is that this job is Ivory's. This is only my job until Ivory is trained and that's the important factor, is that I have to train her. And once I train her, it's hers, and I will serve her. It's not like I'm no longer king, that's not how this works.

But I am no patriot, am a matriot, patriarchy society is going down. Let's reverse that. waiting time for action here is look at the date I want it hopefully I can find it soon because I can't log on to that website with that account anymore it looks like the account is corrupt she also did this one which turned out interesting the the agony for kids will you take my hands would you like to travel to the promised land with me


༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
https://republicka.life
https://kkk.education
CC0 PUBLICKÁ DOMÁNIA
ALL LOVE RESERVED
AMORIARIACKA IS MY NATIVE TONGUE
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻