༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
𐕣 The Antichrist 𐕣
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻

June 9, 2018


Wendell NeSmith manifests as the self-proclaimed "Antichrist" — not humanity's destroyer, but its unshackled savior. He ignites a global strike of the creative elite, condemning a system that parasitizes genius while branding creators "selfish." With Nietzschean ferocity ("Write with blood, and you will find blood is spirit"), he exposes poisoned mountains ("strontium barium leaching bone") and chemtrails corroding minds, framing modernity as a satanic science experiment. His mission: liberate the minds trapped in Plato’s Cave ("Leave them to it") and lead them to a frontier where rights are sacred — or burn Babylon’s pyramids to ash.

At the transcript’s molten core pulses "Ivory" — a divine archetype ripped from Wendell’s childhood dreams and lost to elite pedophile networks ("her holy grail was stolen at three to five"). As he rages against Tucson’s coyote-trail trafficking rings and Freemasonic ritual cannibalism ("They consume fresh pineal glands from sacrifices"), Ivory emerges as his messianic counterpart: The womb-carried soulmate who could salvage humanity if audiences dare introduce her — her name screamed in prayer — to children. Wendell’s ultimatum: Kindness toward Ivory earns salvation; cruelty triggers apocalypse ("Her and I will go to heaven. Leave you here").

This is a prophecy etched in DNA and dimension. Wendell transcends death ("I am immortal, baby — I’ll be back"), weaponizes horizontal gene transfer like a biological messiah ("Snatch DNA. Evolve"), and escapes YouTube’s censorship graves by ascending to clouds as a dumb-terminal archivist. Through pineal-gland alchemy ("Sacred secretion ascends to heaven") and cosmic revolution ("I don’t need to be bound by three dimensions"), he crafts the final test: Will humanity craft itself into gods ("Build the coolest version of yourself")? Or will good men’s inaction ensure evil’s triumph — leaving only Wendell and Ivory to stitch a new universe from hell’s ashes?


------


26-The-Antichrist-Superstar-1-I-Armageddon-963

Spam? Yeah, right. This is really ridiculous. So, this is the post. I go, let's go here.

See, they just remove them. What the crap? They're removing them. Okay, so, see, they're removing all of my posts because it looks like spam.

so this is spam so I go into see they remove them okay so groups and I guess I think that I think it might stick in this one did I just get removed out of underground underground it was a unexplained camera uh they just deleted me no no no they didn't okay good um so yeah okay this is this is it and this is spam so i'm spamming like what the crap how can they justify this is spam how on earth is this spam i don't understand this facebook is a load of crap it is terrible terrible terrible terrible terrible it's bullshit and I've only posted like 10 times today so freaking annoying and you don't think they're playing with us even let me paste no six six six uh two four six two four six they get me to change the password like once a week so I keep forgetting it but not only that sometimes I know the password's right but they won't accept it so I have to change the password reset the password so it's really annoying and they do it intentionally now they're just spamming everything this is spam their spam is telling me that my good posts are spam it's so freaking annoying look how bad it is so they removed it because it was spam okay so we see that it's not spam okay so I go this isn't spam and I confirm right and look at this okay thanks again okay they took another look and found it doesn't go against their community standards when did they take the look when does it make any sense like you saw me do it just then yeah like it makes absolutely no sense whatsoever and they just keep me to do keep me doing this again and again um and and they continue to flag it so like and the thing is um i know that it's not going through um okay so this time they're saying they'll take another look um but i know that it's not going through because there's not a single person that's uh commenting on it or liking it or doing anything there's like no activity oh Facebook is really irritating yeah good fucking dickheads okay so this is every single post that I posted today and you can see four hours ago and look there's nothing else other than them censoring me and apparently on some of them they don't censor me like they they removed the sensor but that's not true because look there's nothing I don't believe them strange let's just say that's me okay weird I'm that number locked again it's quite annoying because Facebook has the entire market and even the wines is cool. It's still not right. So this is the original Aboriginal flag? Yeah, right, temporarily. I mean, permanently. Information very closely of the bunkers you guys have uncovered in

Tucson. Reportedly on Cimex owned property. I think it's abandoned property. Can you shed some light on this and tell us what you guys have found and any updates you might have? Sure. I got a phone

call from a third-party organization on Tuesday night EOP organization had they needed safety until yes anyway the reality was Tucson Police Department vehicles to the concrete plant interviewing the people from that organization TPD there to view the site my camera crew could not get there by then so I just pulled out my cell phone while walked onto the site really footage that people. This is a prison cell. Only kids are being held down here. That's exactly how. The chamber in here where the kids

are going in and out to shine my light. You see a piece of wood and it looks like that the wood gets slid down there and the kids are crawling up if you look down in there when they let them out. But there's different toys down there. Little food bags. This is pretty. And then that board

is used to slide them up. The only way, because they're not going to reach down in there and grab them so I guess they're having them slide up. But this is all the way down there. A child's not going to be able to get out of here, a small child.

And you're not going to hear them scream. There are clothes. You're not going to see them from the sky. Our drone didn't pick this up.

It was concerning. It was a septic tank turned on its side with a container, and it was buried in the ground somewhat,

put in like a ravine with debris over the top of it. So the reason I don't think that homeless people would put their children in there is because there's no ventilation other than one hole. not in a place to get just homeless they could have been a lot closer items down in there's a little lucky charm cereal earrings in diameter there's just a lot of indications of something repeatedly being tied to these three years these different this is bigger than you think they're so i'm the trees when they rape them so the mentality of it paints a dark one of my guys in australia right i can rent placement is meaningful to our investigators and our intel who can investigate report i've found to believe oh yeah good sure accountable it will be held accountable that it will come out and the generic public will be nothing it's very obvious what happened uh one of the dynamics here is uh the other organism well that was one of the things i wanted to ask you one they hung it out there a little bit they climbed up on the towers on this concrete plant and hung the American flag upside down and hung their own banner and he says we're going to stronghold here we're not armed but they're going to have to come and say you know Craig I'm doing this they won't come out here and pay attention otherwise politically they want this not the public and they want it to be quiet he goes I'm going to do the opposite I'm going to force them to come in and and do their dang jobs and the best you know what a lot of people understand that you know it's a shame that bureaucrats are to that level but I already know about the Art in Embassies program, which gives embassies the ability to ship what they call live art from door to door, essentially, and they can bypass customs. And there's much speculation that that is one of the ways that traffickers, on more of a global scale, at the higher level, traffic in children. So certainly this discovery in Tucson, Arizona, is something quite a bit lower

level than that if it does involve children, Craig, as you well know. But let's talk about some of the victories that you guys have had recently at vetsforchildrescue.org. Guys, that is... The biggest nuclear weapon, if you will, against child trafficking is alert the POPs, and that's why we're...

The skull and bones consume live pineal glands during the obscene rite. The beneficial effects of the hormone melatonin have been part of the health supplement scene for some time. For high melatonin production is known to be synonymous with a high immune system, a low cancer risk, long life, energy, stamina, and according to many, enhanced spiritual awareness. High melatonin production thereby increases the facility for receiving and transmitting high-frequency cosmic and local broadcasts and leads to a greater state of cosmic awareness, a state simply of knowing.

In this regard, it is interesting to note that the pineal third eye has been found to contain very fine granular particles, rather like the crystals in a wireless receiving set. Many magical rites and meditation techniques are aimed at gaining control of this organ and the fluid it produces, the live melatonin. Supplements bought over-the-counter are ineffective because their inherent secretions are obtained from the desiccated glands of dead animals, and they lack the truly important elements which only exist in live human glandular manufacture. The Order of Skull and Bones, a Yale University Society, was originally known as the Brotherhood of Death.

It is one of the oldest student secret societies in the United States. The Skull and Bones Secret Society was officially founded at Yale University in 1832, but finds its roots in German Freemasonry. The Society uses Masonic-inspired rituals to this day.

Members meet every Thursday and Sunday of each week in a building they call the Tomb. The skull and bones engage in a ceremony called the obscene rite, which involves the consumption of the live pineal gland of a human or animal sacrifice in order to get the fresh secretions. The pineal gland is located within the precise geometric center of the brain. And although larger in children, as we age, it reduces in size to that of a pea.

Not mine. as it undergoes a gradual calcification process not mine my size I love grape juice we are dealing with junkies and as a general rule I am a pacifist but But sometimes, that is not possible.

It's only me without them.

They were going on the leaves. Oh, no.

Come on. Oh, come on.

There's like, there's there.

Good form, Pete. You can't hurt a sleeper.

We'll try for Saturday. Hopefully Saturday. I'll try.

Tick-tock, tick-tock, tick-tock, tick-tock. Who's afraid of a big fat crop? Tick-tock, tick-tock, tick-tock, tick-tock. Who's afraid of a big fat crop?

Oh, Freemasons, Freemasons, Freemasons, Freemasons. They're afraid of a big fat crop. Freemasons, Freemasons, Freemasons, Freemasons. Freemasons.

Oh, they're fucking going down. I'm taking them down. I wanted to ask, how many children are here? How long have they been there?

How many came unaccompanied to the United States? How many were taken away from their parents? Do you have the medical support? Do you have the psychological support for these children who have experienced trauma? I couldn't get any, I didn't get any answers.

Well, the White House is very, seems to be, very upset about you trying to expose this story. They put out a statement, and I just want to go through it line by line, because there are so many incendiary claims about you in this statement. Here we go. Senator Merkley is irresponsibly spreading blatant lies about routine immigration enforcement. Let's stop right there.

Is it routine to have hundreds of children? No, it's not routine. They have a new policy they've implemented. They started a pilot project last summer. Now they've implemented it completely

of taking away children from parents when their families are seeking asylum, even when they present themselves legally at border posts. But hold on one second, Senator, because this is a really important point. This also happened under the Obama administration, and I believe the Bush administration. So what is different about what's happening now?

Well, I think what you're referring to is unaccompanied children under those administrations. These are children who are accompanied by their parents being taken away from their parents when they're seeking asylum. that is new that is different that has not been done before but fema is out there doing that and that's what's turning these things into concentration camps these are concentration camps today just like the concentration camps for the jews a long time ago where they got gas and all that stuff but today these are the new these are modern day concentration camp facilities that's what i'm saying some of the top cops or maybe some of them know and some of them don't but the ones even do want to do anything about it because most of them are part of the agenda as well do you remember in war games how i wanted to get the fiverr job that took pictures of driftwood for me i'm going to show you what happened it's really ridiculous because i contacted fiverr for their help. They didn't want to have two Fiverr accounts.

It wasn't intentional. So I told them, right? I told them the details. Very kind.

Okay. So they couldn't locate it.

So I'll show you what happened. I got it. Okay? And here we go.

We live in such a stupid world. Like, these people are idiots. Like, completely stupid. And when you point it out, they get offended.

And they don't follow the logic. They just get offended. It's like, don't be mean to me. This is our policies and procedures. It doesn't make sense. But it's still our policies and procedures. They don't have to make sense. So they're like, they're terms of service. I violated it. Yes, like it was intentional. Like, yeah, right. Okay.

there's only like 12 jobs in that one anyway I don't want more than one account they're so stupid okay okay yes why is this so important to them I just wanted the jobs from an old account see they're inferring information there that's not correct stupid demonic entities okay this is the law the real so by telling the truth it's offensive the truth offends people and you can't tell the truth in this world it's illegal to be good in this world it's illegal to be a moral person it's illegal to to stand up to oppression it's illegal to point out the truth okay so here we go me it's where Wendell comes from ivory it was only eight jobs that I wanted transferred hate speech yeah I guess they're right I create a lot of hate speech against idiots it's their disability but they are allowed to do it to you because that's their disability too I wish I lived in a world where it was a good thing to do the right thing or a good thing to do a good thing oh our world is so fucked I showed you what was said and I did none of these how can Can they blame me for this shit? I have it somewhere. You can't blame me for your own errors, fools. If I was an idiot human, and I did something stupid and that was pointed out to me, and I could not challenge their logic, then I would do my best to resolve those problems.

Especially if they tell me that they reaped my soul and I'm going to hell. Like, what is wrong with us? Like, I don't reap my soul. Like, what do I do?

What do I need to do to fix this? Like, I messed up. How can we resolve this? Like, what's wrong with us?

I've had zero people do that throughout my entire time. Yet, I've reaped thousands and thousands and thousands and thousands and thousands and thousands of souls. my father and I will accommodate that's my old dog taco taco is a really good dog I trained taco probably for like six to eight hours per day like five days per week over a long time and taco could do anything I go I go parrot dog and Taka would actually climb up me and then sit on my shoulders and I could point anywhere and Taka would just go where I pointed including like jumping on stuff anywhere. Taka was amazing. I miss Taka. I could go bang and Taka would be

like and would just lay there and I could like wait a minute or two if I wanted like she would just be really still and uh and then i go come on tucker off and then tucker get up it was really really cute to your heart i can that's your heart dear i love you what's that from uh idiots i will just use that money right here but i want to show you the fine print um because that's important this is the only thing about it that's a bit dodgy devices cannot be taken on and off the account so if this dies then I would have to use another one so I get five different devices for my lifetime so it's like yeah I can have five phones in my life and those five phones will back up for me so yeah awesome I don't want to get that um because that's just a mobile backup that's just like iCloud and the thing is they're not iCloud um iDrive iDrive and iCloud I mean they even compare it in this description iDrive and iCloud um I do have that one and that one's awesome it's really good but this is for desktop so this is desktop now I need mobile so five devices for a lifetime um one for me one for ivory this phone will last a while it's a really good phone so awesome and they take paypal to Sam there is something wrong with every business with every person in this world something like majorly wrong okay look like I'm all excited yeah okay so I gotta show you what happened um I downloaded iDrive before I bought it right because I wanted to see what it looked like right which isn't that logical are you gonna just buy something that you have no idea what even looks like I didn't even use it I just wanted to see what it looks like right okay ooh they um kicked me off so you can't even see it ah oh um they did that intentionally shit okay so I managed to get it back okay let's see okay see I'm being nice right I'm a nice guy if you're you know logical and you do the right thing and you care see we're excited I want to log in with the username I want to log in with my email from there and this guy's nice I like this this guy he really tried just wait for Ben Ben's the asshole this guy was really caring let's see like that was nice but not good enough it forced me because it already had an account so stupid I wanted to do this I wanted this to be good and I wanted to be able to promote this everything I get I want to be able to promote but the businesses won't let me because they're terrible I don't care that they're illogical okay so there we go really bugs me I don't want to use it. So we did. Because you can't upgrade. Okay, then. Such a pain in the ass.

See, this is what happened. I was punished for checking out the app before I purchased it. Yes. Don't include logic or empathy. Really? That's not logical. That doesn't make any

sense. See, I'm trying. I'm trying. It's not fair. And then here I go. I don't care. I'm

just going to expose how much of an idiot I am. I'll call him. I'll do it after I record this. Watch this. He doesn't. I think I'll call before. Not related. He's just like

Viber which is so funny. Cold. This thing has problems like typing individual characters. I think it's because of the screen. See look. They don't, no one

understands it like this is very very simple zoos zoos i promote them a lot i wanted their intelligent backup but um it's only 100 gigs i needed bigger so you have no autonomy zoos is amazing really kind always trying to fix it like there's problems but they've always tries to fix they always try to fix it and they always try to do me right so here we go Yeah, Ben showed his true colors. Great timing. I waited for ages on the phone, and then it's like, leave a message. Oh, so terrible. Not really, but kind of.

I just want to be able to sign in with my email, which, why not? Why can't I do that? I was punished. That's all I need to do. How simple, man. That's what I do.

I told you I'd do it all from the very beginning of this. So that's how I'll promote businesses, by using their services. It's so simple. It's not like rocket surgery.

And I deal with some pretty heavy topics, so they don't even understand.

It's this glass. It's hard to type on. It's easy to... It might be hard to type on, but it's easy to swipe on.

the glass that protects it and see this is it just fix it and you get really great exposure i mean if your services are good which i've been reading they are at the beginning they said something about also for pc and mac and unlimited devices i don't think that's right but yeah okay bye this is what they said happened so i called to have my free account under my email deleted so I can log in using my email which is true he said you can't do it but I'm upset here this is funny advise that I will expose them in my child sacrifice video I think that sounds funny he says remember because upset and advised he will expose us in his child sacrifice video okay it wasn't I wasn't trying to expose you in my child sacrifice video the world just just as a way of working things out.

I got twelve children, six boys and six girls. God bless me so much. So I'm doing this song. So when I go from this old sinful world, I'm no longer going to be seen.

My children can record this song And make an album And sing about me Even in my grave In heaven When I lose this old sinful body And my body is changed to a spiritual one Even in my grave Even in my grave Amen Thank you so much, sir In Jesus' name, amen Love you Let me watch it I love you I love you too, brother the team that I'm gonna kiss you hey oh the lover yeah I love you yeah I'm feeling yes sir oh thank you so much I love you hello brother what's your name my name is Wendell sir oh so your window shot a show whenever people come to my house because they run away from the silly things they do and they want me to cover them then I go window shopping ah I don't go window shopping I don't shut the window but I go window shopping I go down to the window and I say policeman we looking for and he called the name of the person who did that stupid window shopping then I asked the person do you want me to call your name to the police and say no that I tell the police I just saw that window shopping going right there listen mr. window you are a good man if your girlfriend doesn't know that she should be dreaming because mr. window you are the man of my life oh mr. window come let's go window shopping window shopping yeah if you don't have a friend and you don't know to make you happy just come to window and we'll take you window shopping come to my window through the window he's gonna get down softly with you and take you window shopping We know shopping. Yay. We know shopping. Yay. I love you. I love you too, sir. Thank you so much. Yay. Yay. Thank you. I want to see that on YouTube. It will be. May God bless you. Bless you. God bless you. Thank you. Entirely. Thank you. Let's get the brightness up. Hmm. I don't want to do that. I'll just go in.

trust and obey for there's no other way to be happy in Jesus to trust HX Phantom apparently it's $400 from Melbourne please God I beg you on my knees. I don't want this money for money. This is the only chance I have at saving the world. Please give me the opportunity that I have been denied for the last 10 years. I love you with all my heart no matter what happens. And no matter what

happens nothing changes. Real man. It is about time that we unite against the a cult it is a wearer I am now the wealthiest man has or could have or will ever exist because I get to marry the brightest and most beautiful of your daughters who is a child how many people get that opportunity peace and the last man that is one who do you think Adam is and who would you like to speak about the lottery would you like to speak about chances because none of this would have worked if I was not born on the precise year the precise day the precise month I miss the month this decade who cares and second if I was not manifested into this world precisely how I was then none of this would have worked who won the life lottery oh thank you God for letting me play it what is free will what is determinism do you really think that you have free will welcome to the world clock it was finally tuned by God what is wealth soon you will be working for cryptocurrency which doesn't exist there's nothing oh okay and you will happily and willingly do it and this was created by people like me who is mining cryptocurrency window that that that you will be the slave that you so desire to be but don't worry because I will handsomely reward you but your toils shall not go in vain you will be enriching the lives of those who are worthy and those who I have lived during my journeys you do not want to know their fate thank you Jesus my Savior my King for enabling me to do this I saw your heart from the beginning I love you I am you you are in me we and and it's not just it's not just you and me because we got Socrates he's there with us later oh yes not Aristotle like Kierkegaard's here oh we're partying oh we have so many different views. Oh, Peter Pan's here too. Kenzie said, what is heaven? Who

do you know? And what do you know as a result of knowing them? And if they had this method of communication that I'm given now, and the thing is, I don't care about my body, but the thing is, I'm not acute, and the thing is, I'm 33 years old. Because the pineal gland is responsible for your aging, and you become an adult, indoctrinated into the system, and you believe lies, instead of making up your own shit, which is like better than their shit, like you believe what they say, and the thing is they just frame it however they want because they own everything, so, and you're so stupid because you believe it all, and they make it like where you believe it, like, and then the psychiatrists go, are you sure you're you know seeing these correctly and it's what the fuck are you doing like you do this job because they tell you to do this job because like somehow that will make you better for society to be enslaved like when you can have your own creative ideas that can trump theirs like tenfold or more thousandfold like there's so many different opportunities to interpret your world around you and if you can't just see how we got a video if we can just if we get passionate And that's what they hate, they hate passion because they think it's a crash and it's like, well, it's going to turn into that if you're not listening to what I'm saying because I can prove everything that I'm saying.

Like if you can not look at the proof and you have to say, are you, are you saying like, and then throwing me, locking me up because I'm saying this crap and it's like, and no one responding, like no one has anything to say because the, because it's all proof. So, and if you develop this over thousands of hours, it's like, man, you can do whatever the crap you want. There's no laws. Like, they're just telling you crap so you can follow whatever.

Like, it's satanic. It's indoctrination. It's all satanic. So you're all getting indoctrinated into these famous stars because they actually all sold their soul to Satan.

That's what they do because that's meat. It's all satanic. and then you believe these lies and then you get indoctrinated into the way they portray them so uh that's what hollywood is is it's actually a hollywood which is they won and they're they're tricking you all and if you only knew the origins of film which i studied like you can't see it but you're so oh like what do you do and and i'm getting in trouble for revealing this crap and you can see how i'm getting censored everywhere and it's like oh well if if what i say is bullcrap then prove it wrong don't censor me like what the crap like that makes my points even stronger so like what's going on in our world like we gotta fix this crap see passion and anything is all of this is really relevant so I'm gonna look back on it I'm gonna learn from what I'm saying now right because that's how it works that's how the education system works because you're trying to be your best at every single moment and you're trying to get better at the next um so then you learn from your mistakes because then you look over the footage and you try to learn from what you did wrong and then you get better and better and better and you get to portray yourself more and more and more because you know you are more and more and more which has nothing to do with the physical form but the the spirit and which guides it and and that other spirit out there is looking for me and we'll see we'll see it's gonna be funny okay well that's it for now okay so that's going to be amazing to review just think about it because you're and then you're gonna like figure out new methods of conveying meaning which means you can create knowledge everywhere so you're no longer limited by any structures this is open source education just like wake up! Look! Am I crazy? What do you think? This is God's man. Please reward him for his servitude.

A real life hero. The psychiatrist required blood samples. So now I ask truly just one the life lottery because all I have ever asked for deep down all that matters is to me was really hard to find I saw it one day and got it on the internet but I didn't save the original so I ended up with the crappy copy and two years ago I I found it but I didn't know what to do with it then so I named that yes this is a good quality copy of the image that I have so loved over my time doing this and I don't know who the artist is if I did and I would share that information but it's a cool picture and if we just examine what we're doing i am showing you the brotherhood like just look just look who's pygmalion like look oh oh let's keep her in focus okay yeah that's what we get guys so we get we just have to figure out what we're gonna do with that All right, like and and the thing is once we find her like we're just gonna pass that spirit on I'm not saying that we're forcing her to be anyway We just have this like This thing right? We just got it. We know exactly what we want, right? So we just like spend our lives

you know being The person that this person would be most attracted to so if you do that and just don't stop because of your actions you're gonna get that person because that person is gonna fall in love with who you truly are because you're gonna give it all to them in order to get that person like look logic how do we have so many troubles understanding this and this means that like love is the most important investment that anyone could ever do and that means that this person who we're gonna be with for the rest of our lives they they really need to be right for us right so this is really important and if they are then like you'll see it you'll see it then the world's saved yeah yeah the world's saved yeah and it's from this this this is true masonry Devil, come on back if you ever wanna try again I told you once, you son of a bitch, I'm the best it's ever been He played Blue on the Mount, run boy, run Essence Uploading, Uploading, Uploading, Uploading, Uploading, Uploading, Uploading, Uploading, Uploading, Uploading, Uploading, Uploading, Uploading Uploading, Uploading, Uploading, Uploading, Uploading, Uploading, Uploading, Uploading, Uploading, Uploading, Uploading, Uploading, Uploading, Uploading, Uploading, Uploading, Uploading, Uploading, Uploading, Uploading, Uploading, Uploading, Uploading, Uploading, Uploading, Uploading. Maybe you should release one. That would be cool. You should release it. Use your talents. I'm not good with that sort of stuff.

I kind of play harmonica and I'm kind of shy about my music. Kind of private.

And sometimes I'll try something and some will sound good and some will sound bad. Uploading, uploading, uploading, uploading, uploading, uploading, uploading, uploading. What is coming, what is coming, what is coming, what is coming, what is coming, what is coming, what is coming, what is coming, what is coming, what is coming, what is coming, what is coming, what is coming, what is coming, you'll see soon, you'll all see soon, like it loose, like it loose, like it loose, like it loose, like it loose, like it loose, like it loose, like it loose, like it loose, like it loose, like it loose, like it loose, like it loose, like it loose, like it loose, like it loose, like it loose, like it loose, like it loose, like it loose, like it loose, like it loose, like it loose, like it loose, like it loose, like it loose, like it loose, like it loose, like it loose, like it loose, like it loose, like it loose, like it loose, like it loose, like it loose, like it loose, like it loose, like it loose, like it loose, This is the song that doesn't end, yes it goes on and only friends. Some people, one person starts singing it not knowing just because.

And I continued singing it forever, because a lot of reasons actually, but to protect children. And that's the thing, we can't ever stop singing this song, because in order to prosper as humans, as a group, as individuals, as a society, we must always sing this song. And it goes on and on, my friends. people started singing not knowing just because and we continue singing it forever because it's important and there's some people doing that and I see every day more and more people doing that so it's really good let's continue singing it but let's have fun with it I know it's all really sick stuff but let's uh open source the planet and if you can think of something better

i'm all news okay so let's do it let's save the world that's our choice save the world by doing this just do it and you'll see what i'm talking about um or like let the world be destroyed like what what other options do you have you got nothing i got everything so like Like, if you don't do what I'm saying, then you're an idiot, and you're a society that doesn't deserve to survive. So I'm giving you something here that can save everybody.

No. Because you won't do it, and only maybe a tiny portion. See, it could save everybody. No, it won't.

Because it won't happen, because you guys are so stupid.

It's like, here's a key. Look, we can fix everything. and it's like, oh, we're gonna send you, we're gonna, like, just look at what I'm giving you, it's, oh, come on, become your own heroes, become the coolest version of yourself that you can possibly conceive of, and you have no reason to be jealous, and you have no reason to want money, and you have no reason to hold on to physical possessions, because it's all on camera, so those are, like, you got everything, so, like, what can you lose, you got everything, Like, I'm showing you a gate here. Like, here's a portal.

Like, you want to take it? Like, it's a pretty cool portal. You can join me here. Like, there's so many different dimensions that we can exist within.

We're so confining within our thought processes. You will do all that I am saying because it is good for you, individually and collectively. And if you don't, then you will pay for those consequences as well. And if you refuse, then you are an idiot.

And that will be publicly expressed.

The Holy Grail is right in front of you. The fountain of youth.

What will you do with it? For in order to craft the most beautiful heart possible, to unite your souls together, you first have to craft yourself. Welcome to the character creation process for Divine Tragedy. What character will you create?

You are provided with a standard male or female avatar. What you create from your actions will determine how that avatar appears. In almost all cases, ugly people are created through ugly actions because our pineal gland is responsible for our aging process what we do in this life will determine how we appear externally do you want to know how to cure my nicotine my tobacco addiction it's really easy super super easy okay so this legal drugs right there they're not very good like I get them because they're legal and the authorities don't seem to care because they're legal um and i tell even the doctors and like oh it's legal so it's fine um so i get to do that without them thinking i'm crazy uh but if i said that i smoke pot so i try to avoid pot but the thing is pot's amazing god gave us pot and it was to be able to see to help us see, to help us open our third eye to help us develop our pineal glands instead of letting them calcify and that's why the authorities made it illegal and even to some degree LSD and a lot of these drugs they alter our minds in order to be able to think outside of what the authorities have said is right so it's kind of like but I'm not addicted I can go like a long time like you saw before how I used to drink in Mexico because I couldn't get like like a pot thing and um but I still tried my best and I did good and uh as you can see um but it helps me to to like think about thinking and if I produce good results as a result then why can anyone say this is illegal you can't have this we should have pot it should be freely distributed and if I had like this stuff if I had pot in abundance I would not smoke tobacco and then I wouldn't have that physical addiction because the nicotine makes you want have it again and again because it's a different state of mind but the thing is if this was in abundance i would probably roll it up with damiana and maybe have a few other herbs like i could like make a mix but all of these are healthy herbs so like uh so it would be good um and those are all legal too um you should look it up there's a lot of different herbs that can help us calm ourselves in order to be able to see ourselves and improve ourselves if we can analyze what we did in the past and where it's going to go. The reason it is so important for me to obtain an email login with iDrive is because it will affect my sharing potential and that's what I'm concerned about because I want to be associated correctly because when i share it with people it's going to reflect that like oh that's why it's important i'm so exhausted from all of this this month is going to be crazy i need to pass out into my dreams which at times can be

more real than what you call reality. And sometimes I can take my dreams into reality. Thank you, God. I love every human on this planet.

This flat, blown, triangular, like banana-shaped, like whatever. This thing that we're on, we don't care what shape it is and how it works. why does any of this matter like that's that like who cares like what is the point of thinking like

oh like okay what am i going to do with my life i would love to spend it doing the coolest things ever with the coolest people ever who could help me improve i can uh learn through them and like And not even worry about money, just like, yeah, chillin' together, you know, and we're all, we're all giving what we have, and through this approach, she would really develop a cool society, and she would build everything in front of knowledge, like communal knowledge, not, see, they tricked you all with science, like, they made, and they, they had to have, like, a board. and stuff like that to restrict what you know they could get out and y'all fell for it but and then the psychiatrist it's like um is that how you feel and it's like how can i feel like this

and it's like so so what if all you're saying is wrong it's like look it's not wrong it's exactly Like, it's practically applied through the actual content, so, like, there's, you can't go against, but they don't understand that. They're like, yeah, the proof is in the content, like, it's all proof. Like, if you just look at what you're looking at, or you look at what you're looking at, or something like that, this would, like, revolutionize everything, like, within our existence. because then we all have games and this one game thing like life is the game life is the game and this is how we play it this is how we play it because this is life what we're in right now is life but we have to figure out how we can combine so we can then create awesome productions about our own awesome lives with the coolest people in the world that we can find and like and then that would be our media because it would then encourage like those types of communities to develop everywhere because we would get lots of wisdom based communities that could all be really awesome and they could all teach different things open source, online, and this revolution has everything and it wouldn't matter what field, like it's every field, everything's gonna benefit from this if you just do it and stop being idiots and censoring me like, and what I'm saying, the root of it is like, what you hate so much about me But it's controversial, but there's, like, that's the secret to it all.

That is the secret that they stopped you, and it's only been, like, since, what, 1875 that they've even, like, done that. So that, like, tiny portion of time has, like, indoctrinated everybody into coddling their children into, like, basically becoming sexually promiscuous. That's what they do, but they corrupt it, and they make them confused at a young age about their gender, about whether they're a boy or a girl, and you get a little kid that's going, am I a boy or a girl? And why are they doing this?

This is insane. And, like, you shouldn't, like, I have, you shouldn't discourage, um, feminine traits. Like, I got some feminine traits, and I, I don't know, but, uh, but, uh, but you, like, how they're trying to say, you know, are you a boy, are you a girl? It's like, well, look at what you are, be what you are, be the best you can be.

And it's like, no, I'm not what I am, and I want to be something different, and, like, you just, that's crazy, man. And it's all their agenda because they're trying to androgynize people and they're trying to make them less be unable to distinguish who's a boy and a girl. And then we go on a date or whatever and we don't even know if it's pre-op or post-op.

It's getting scary out there, man. And the thing is, they're making everything this politically correcting. It's so bad. It's really terrible.

like now you're restricted with the way you can use the language and they keep on adding to it and like it's like kind of enforced like through the community it's like a really terrible indoctrination and you don't realize the damage all of this is doing to your psychology you got to get off this mainstream media because it's really really bad and look at who it's controlled Look at who is controlled by it. Follow that and you'll see what I'm talking about. And then read the passage in Revelation that says those who say they are Jews but are not Jews. Like, just do your research. It's all there, man.

And then I'm the crazy one that deserves to be put on medication because I see this like, ugh. I was supposed to go to sleep, but sometimes the spirit takes over.

This time I'm going to have a nice nap.

It went through the washing machine.

Ivory, my dear, this is body. My.

Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go. That was really strange. I just pulled it straight out. You have to pull this whole thing out.

I think I'm zooming in too much. Yeah. So, okay. Yes, now I'm going to plug that into the outside.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



26-The-Antichrist-Superstar-2-II-The-Craft

So now we just add a sync pair, so we can just

We'll just call it sync

Okay, so we're creating a syncing pair And I'm gonna select that No, that would be bad Sync Selecting that okay, and the local folder is already here, but it's under my um card sync okay so that's what's on the camera it's like that and refresh it doesn't

i think all my books like this too but it does it automatically it's really cool because i can just keep collecting books and they'll follow me around it's taking me a long time i've lost so many books throughout because data wasn't like it is now which has just happened just i've been waiting for all this data boom yep so now it's starting to upload so that's all I do

pilots main question to me is whether I consider myself to be the king of the delicious going to start to mmm a double shroom burger

It's time to process this. It's important not to do anything wrong. Asshole big prance is where would I hide? Flash falls over the crowd as rookie sensation waves a double development out of Regina's original form.

That looks good. That's why Regina runs with fun. Ladies and gentlemen, let's go. Oh, we're going to be using it.

I'm just, the rules that we founded and made these ideas. We have a story, but we actually have some habits so we know where their target areas are. It's easily accessible by 19 corridor. Human trafficking is going up through 2.

Some X-8 in Tucson, Arizona.

Bulldoze. Yeah, bulldoze. Look for those of you who don't hear. No, I don't want no one else to touch it.

He kicked it out from under there to see what kind of bone it was. So, all right. There's department to come out here. Where's the near spot where the other bones are?

You guys know that they're going to mark? and what they pointed out was that there's a lot of human trafficking going on in these areas and it's fairly obvious from the videos and the evidence that they're trying to bring to bear here that there is not just one of these camps there are many and uh in this house of the children guys remember let's just take a thing the awan brothers imran awan and the the brothers who are running the servers for the DNC with Debbie Wasserman Schultz, and then those servers, because there are other servers. There's the server that Hillary had the emails on that was off-site with the special access programs, and there's the DNC servers that they hired a private organization to come in and do an investigation on that basically said nothing happened and that it had to be Russian hackers. When we all know that the majority of the evidence to this point would point us in the direction to believe that Seth Rich had actually removed those emails through a jump drive off of his laptop from his personal email account and then gave them to Julian Assange through Kim.com.

People, raise your hand if you want a bunch of schizos running the planet. And they got their big fat pyramids sitting on top of us. and now they've mistaken us for some sort of meat and clothing product yeah there's only one answer to this don't you just set the whole pyramid on fire i mean they're definitely doing brain damage and all these other things but nothing's coming their way that's for sure except holes in their brains from eating disgusting things that anybody with an ounce of common sense would know not to eat a decaying dead body. By the way, it begins the decaying process immediately. Unless they kill you in a refrigerator, I guess, or a freezer or

something, your body starts to decompose immediately. I mean, it takes a matter of hours before blowflies get there not even maybe and so they have not obviously they've got kuru and stuff so and all you have to do is take one look at all of them i guess they look in the mirror and they think they see something good this is part of their disease this is part of their curse is that they all look like the biggest freaks of nature ever they're walking around with their giant shoulders look all anybody had to do was point this out to me that they are gender inverted and suddenly they're the biggest freaks that ever walked to the planet kill children have there's a special place in hell for them because if you kill an old broad like me i've already had i've lived you know i've made lots and lots and lots and lots and lots and lots of mistakes but I'm coming around I see what's happening now but I've had a life you know I've I've been to school I've been a kid I've I've had all the magic of being a kid and Santa Claus and all that stuff you steal someone's whole entire life so you can look like this there's not a gallows high enough there's no electric chair that that will do the job you know this is why they burned people like this at the stake because that's really about the only thing I could think of that you could do to somebody like this all the stolen lives the years these children they had their whole lives ahead of them and it was just ripped from them for what this sorry didn't mean to yell for what this so this cow can look like this so this whore can look like this this whore of babylon this complete and total male whore they want it all the whole is never ending there's just an empty hole that needs to be constantly filled with blood and human life and power and money money money money money this is a hideous creature and my therapist told me to get some sleep but I can't they can hear me breathing well good good the only part I don't like is that you're still breathing and this is what happened in the Bible that now it makes sense the whole flood and everything it makes sense that God would say I'm sorry I created you because you are listening to these people instead of of me. But it's almost as if Satan was a defect. It was a defective. And if the thing crawled up here

and made it with bloodlines, you can betcha the end product is going to be something looking like something like this and doing everything that this thing is doing. This half and half. This sheet is freak of nature because you can have it apparently apparently apparently you can have a trillion zillion gazillion dollars and none of it none of it is going to do you any good because that's exactly what this thing has look at look at it no wonder they wear those things on their faces. No wonder they like the goat's head. It looks a lot better. Yes, Ava Ann, I totally

agree. I'd rather be poor and look the way I look now, and I bet you're a beautiful lady, and I bet you look way better than that thing that we just looked at. Stay snarky, L.M. McCormick, M.A.

That's a very interesting perspective. Richard Baumeister says these are the true vampires of the earth. Hollywood has bastardized the true story of these evil people. I absolutely believe what you're saying is true. And if you go back in the old newspapers, it even becomes

more evident because they didn't have their claws into the newspapers the way they do now. There was no Project Operation Mockingbird. So you can really get some truth out of those old newspapers and a lot of misconceptions that's true but some things that are made to look like misconceptions are actually truths and a lot of this hollow earth flat earth ground earth who were could they were called globalists back then too so you know there's there's more to this whole earth thing i believe um that we are not being told the entire truth about the planet or the place in which we exist so yeah they they legendize these things they they weave fairy tales and stuff around these look at the hansel and gretel what did they do they ate the children person in this this body and they get used for various uses each personality can be conjured up and that's the way they've managed this mind control by raping these children but it has to be done between the ages of three and five in order to start splitting the personality and then you rape the child and you call up the other personality and you make it do things that the other personality won't remember.

And this has been going on since before the flood. This is ancient mind control.

This is the way they did it in the old days.

She's got the eye of Horus there. He's got the eye of Horus there. He, she, little boy, gets raped between two and five in satanic elite families. They become illuminated.

can only happen between the ages of two to five it's a ritual it's the satanic rebirth of the child and after that they have split personalities and they can be mind-controlled Audrey Hepburn in a birdcage MK altered they're all MK altered they don't put people out there and put them in Givenchy you know every day she's like a walking advertisement for every product that was high end back then and i think we all know what this means by now this is pedivore this is satanic ritual abuse this is cannibalism this is pedivores and it's not on this arrangement but in another arrangement their skulls are cracked open so i believe even back then they were getting the pineal glands the law of fives and himself tried to tell us the world is being run by psychos for psychotic purposes and people just don't know it all been mk altered they've all been mk altered and we don't know who the men are and we don't know who the women are but i can tell you they want to get rid of all the women the new world order is not a place for women the new world order is not really a place for real little girls all the little girls are actually little boys and they try to fix the little girls so they can't have children and they trans them into little boys not little boys half and halves women have the ability to receive the breath of God the breath of life inside of their bodies they hate that oh they hate that they hate that more than anything that's what they're trying to do they want to do that they want to do that so bad thousands and thousands and thousands of years they've been trying to do this and they can't do it they don't want women in the new world order we are able to receive the breath of God the breath of life into our bodies that is a miracle and that is something they cannot do they can't do it they can artificially try to reproduce and that's where all their mathematics and their numbers and they're you know that's why everything's so complicated in their world for us it's not complicated we fall in love we mate with that person we become pregnant we have the baby and we love it it's just that easy it just happens not for them can't talk about it they thought they were gonna put this in front of us and this thing was gonna tell us how to vote all that data almost two petabytes of data and of all places it then goes to one summer street above the Macy's in downtown crossing Boston and the final resting place of this animal's brain then at Harvard is this this is a two petabyte storage array so this is a bunch of hard drives we're storing what's remains of this animal's brain in digital form there and then from there IARPA wants us to deliver the brain up to the cloud so this is a 40 gigabit per second brocade switch to the internet to infrastructure this is like the fast fast internet and we upload that animal's brain to the cloud. You know this idea of brain uploading is sort of captured a little bit of the sort of popular imagination so you know time and focus and the magazines have started to sort of latch onto this issue what if we could upload our brain maybe that's a path to immortality. You know back in the in the 80s William Gibson wrote a book called Neuromancer that sort of explored these themes of brain uploading and you know there have been more recent works of art you know film that have explored this idea like uploading the brain. This is interesting too because it interacts and some people People are taking this idea so seriously that here's an example of a woman who recently was dying, had a terminal disease, and she decided that what she wanted to do was to preserve her brain in the hopes that people like us would figure out how to later upload her brain and reconstitute it.

And using similar techniques to preserve her brain is what we use to preserve our rat's brain. So the idea of a brain scanning would be to start with the brain, fixate it using various chemical techniques slice it up thinly scan each of these slices using advanced microscopy reconstruct in a computer the three-dimensional structure where everything is and what it is and then use various mathematical methods to turn that into a computer simulation of what would be going on in the brain i believe that an uploaded person would actually be a person with consciousness emotions and we should give them human rights and treat them as real people creating systems that have this kind of hierarchical neocortex can reason like a human deal with language like a human but what we'll use them for is not some alien invasion of intelligent machines as if they came from mars but actually to enhance our own intelligence i mean this does make us smarter and ultimately it's going to go inside our bodies and brains and that's why we create these tools that's what's unique about humans we go beyond our limitations we couldn't reach that higher fruit at that branch a thousand years ago so we invented a tool extending our reach and then we leveraged our muscles to create the pyramids and great structures now we can access all of human knowledge with a few keystrokes and ultimately we'll directly expand our intelligence the brain initiative to sequence and map the entire human brain i mean you get to the point where you are starting to live a life which is that which is moral, and you've abandoned the morality, and you're starting to nurture and preserve that which we call the sacred secretion, or that I call the sacred secretion, the chrism. We can refer to it as chrism if we will the rest of the video. When you begin to get to that point of living a life which is righteous, and God will gift you by anointing you with the oil of gladness, your body becomes so well aligned, and you'll have such a peaceful feeling within yourself, and much more sharpness and focus that you begin to realize that if you are turning away from that and you become sexually immoral or you decide to go and get drunk and you sever it, that these things are not worthwhile anymore. And thus it brings you back to the righteous path because you want to

feel good and be back close to God and feel whole and complete again. And look at the TV adverts, look at the fast food chains and look at the types of food that they're promoting the people this holds your consciousness down this destroys your sacred secretion now then you've got the other substances like i say alcohol is advertised and societally ingrained almost back in the west for from what i'm seeing it's still the case and for i growing up that everyone just drinks alcohol on a weekend this is promoted and advertised in a massive way and it's even And every movie, every TV show, people are taking on board alcohol. This severs your sacred secretion, completely destroys the chrism, but at the same time, it destroys any form of altered consciousness that might be beneficial to you.

Do you know about alchemical sexual alchemy? Do you know that the story of Jesus, how it's been altered in certain ways? I mean, yes, there's a guy, yes, there was teachings, all that stuff. There's 33 years in the life of Jesus.

There is a substance or a liquid or a substance that comes from your medulla, which is basically, completely looks like the Ark of the Covenant, has angels' wings around it, the whole thing. So this substance comes from your medulla, It makes the trip down your spine into your sacrum, which is Christ coming down into human form. If you don't squander that essence, that sexual essence, it ascends again and goes back up to heaven, which is your thing. It's also the story of Santa Claus.

Why he comes down the chimney is because this juice or whatever substance actually passes what's called the claustrum, which is where they got Santa Claus. So it goes down the chimney and back up the chimney. Logo. America's space agency.

This logo appears to hold a very interesting secret. Four X's, otherwise known as the Greek letter Chi, which is pronounced K, like a snake. It's the Greek H. It also contains a cryptic Alpha.

It also contains a Halo, or the letter O.

These letters form the Greek word Heo. The word heo can also be found in the Masonic logo. The word heo was preached by the infamous Satanist Alistair Crowley. Here we see the Satanist Alistair Crowley dressed in his full Masonic robes.

The word heo means do as thou will. It is also pronounced as heo and io.

It is also hidden in the American dollar. The satanic phrase of heyo, or do as thou will, has been with us since ancient times. It can be found all over the world in buildings, sculptures, services, products, and is used this very day by satanists to identify one another. Now let's look at the meaning of the word nasa.

In the Sanskrit language, nasa means infinite death. And the Kandalini mantra chants satanama. in Greek satana means Satan and as you can see here from the dictionary in Spanish the word satanas means devil and the word satanasa means female devil that's satan NASA therefore NASA means Satan now take another look at the NASA logo notice there's a reptilian forked tongue NASA has come out with some would say a major announcement having discovered organic matter or in other words the building blocks of life on planet Mars so in this new announcement NASA has revealed that the Curiosity rover has found organic matter preserved on Mars and a discovery that could suggest that there was once ancient alien life on the planet. I posted one time and now it won't let me do anything. It won't

connect at all. Yesterday I created a new Facebook and I joined a few groups and I just did this 39 minutes ago. This was my first post. It didn't work right so I tried to do a second one but they both do that and right after i did that now my whole facebook account is really messed up it was working perfectly like all the sections were working perfectly right up until i posted that and back to my original account i'm sure i'm just crazy and they're not hiding anything

now look how they have limited this account nothing there you guys are idiots was found approximately according to reports approximately 20 miles away from the cmex site listen to this

how to get over here i rolled it over to check out kicked it over all right yeah and then still got some fresh look at the occipital it still smells real bad too so you got decomposed and this is still decomposing this is a small child's skull this is definitely a child's skull And the rest is maybe 200 yards this way. And the rest is at the most 200 yards this way? Over into here and into there, 200, 300 yards. Alright, so let's stay on there.

That's where I was. Why in the world would the Vatican send their secretary, effectively their secretary of state, to the Build Your Own Burgers Conference? Is that... It's so strange.

this account literally got abducted i can't do anything like it doesn't recognize anything just here and look at the limited options just this like it doesn't make sense and it won't okay so yes see it says that that's not true um you can see uh public public public it's not like i'm using it for messaging or keeping in contact with people okay and see i can go here and go log out right and see it's like a weird no picture thing going on see i can log in here it'll work fine but i'm i'm all blocked in here so it's not like i can do anything here yeah so at least I can see the groups I have the groups but I can't post in them so I could be like here I could be like let me post I wonder if people will understand what I did today because all about what's happening now and they say Albert Pike predicted three wars no he didn't predict three wars he planned three wars and there she is Isadora Pike or Isidore Pike she died in Arkansas and by the way he's living in I mean Little Rock Arkansas seems to be another Masonic stronghold she was buried in Little Rock. There's a little story here. It says the fifth of ten known children in Arkansas from Albert Pike and Mary Ann Hamilton Pike. Albert Pike was born right at the turn, pretty much at the turn of the century 1809 and he lived to 1891 and she was born in 1816 and lived to 1876 but what's really interesting about all of this two days he lived two days 22 years old i mean what's happening to these kids? I know it was the old days, but come on. My family came from a big

family too. They're all pretty much lived. Thirteen. One. Clarence Pike died when he was one.

Now let's test it. No asking serious questions. Now we got that resolved. I'm not going to tell you the solution, but it was something that I thought of and they didn't think of, which was really kind of weird and obvious they should have known how true that is but i don't know who i can believe i thought they were lying that's okay that's all i need and that's all right because i have zoos and this wasn't helpful to me previously but now it is hmm no luck it won't do it because it detects that it's a server and my account here doesn't support servers it'd be cool just to get a Windows 10 machine like this now click add server here you can select which admin to associate the server with set a backup has produced the firmest evidence yet of so-called sterile neutrinos mysterious particles that pass through matter without interacting with it at all. So how do they

detect it if it doesn't interact with matter? Scientists. Okay, so let me read this paragraph for you, okay? This is how crazy it is in the world of science right now, at least what they're telling us, okay? The first hints of these elusive particles turned up decades ago, but after years

of dedicated searches, scientists have been unable to find any other evidence for them, with many experiments contradicting these old results. These new results now leave scientists with two robust experiments that seem to demonstrate the existence of sterile neutrinos, even as other experiments continue to suggest sterile neutrinos don't exist at all. That means there is something strange happening in the universe that is making humanity's most cutting-edge physics experiments contradict one another. so I just set up a sync pair let's see if I can hack it the free one see if I can get exactly what I want to work this is not going to be easy 500 gigabytes of courses story of because maybe today justice does not prevail but soon it will when it is released as to what I have done because dear girl we are again assuming you're comfortable we can start to send you offers that are targeted to exactly what you want right down to Matthew the area where you are you know it's exactly right uploading uploading uploading uploading uploading uploading this is the song that doesn't end yes it goes on and on my friend some people started singing it not knowing what it was and they'll continue singing it forever just because this is the song that doesn't end yes it goes on and on my friend some people so they've been uploaded now see so the first thing we want to do you want to stop this this sync here and just delete that sync next thing we want to do is we can delete that directory so we don't need it on our phone anymore and it's gone and uh and now we go to access we go here we go to videos um cross of man and it's there forever and it doesn't cost us any subscription bit strange be cool to get organized but it's good enough this is all going to take me a very long time so i'm going to start with the most useful first. Infiltration or subversion? How do I stop getting censored?



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



26-The-Antichrist-Superstar-3-III-Babylons-Fall

I can post on my original account, so I only posted a few, so hopefully I won't get blocked.

Oh, set yourself up. It's a whole video. It's long. Yeah? Why aren't you?

No. I want to share it. I want to comment on yours. That's stupid.

Okay, dude. Let's look into it. Go, go, go. Go go go go go go go go go, go go go go- Processing, processing, processing, processing, That's a Molotowip, literally...

Your post on child trafficking, Yes, that was reported by six different people in unexplained camera and now this one gets reported too because I'm spamming because I'm reporting in the groups in which are relevant. Blah. And I can't post anymore on Facebook. It was a nice hour of my memories in which they tried to take away from me and charge me what I can't afford. Am I advertising? What product am I advertising? Am I phishing? Am I

spreading malware? They remove my posts immediately from here. They remove my posts immediately from here. They don't care. That's what they were trying to do. You all deserve to die

Because you see this, and you do nothing, and you see this, and you care nothing.

Blow it up.

Don't forget to finish the fucking job. yes I blew up YouTube and Facebook headquarters because for many many years they were censoring child sacrifice is that something that you would really not want to tell the judge what is justice how can we obtain justice when you don't care just look at the times didn't even watch anything How'd you get it in here? She's not a dick. I heard you were D.B. Cooper.

Every new fish cow, first thing they hear is Charles Westmoreland's D.B. Cooper. I'll tell you like I tell them. You want the Cooper story?

I can't give it to you, cause I'm not him. It's too bad. I sort of wish it was true. Man's a legend.

Nowhere near as much as I wish it were true, friend. I have a million five waiting for me on the outside. Here on planet earth we love child sacrifice and we will do anything to sustain its development. and ivory is the only one who can save them by educating them they've just developed it a lot since let's try to hack iDrive see I have my directory structure now too awesome so I don't have to upload from my phone how awesome yeah you know that stupid game that I spent lots of money on because I can't transfer the save game so they gave me a refund this is in Mexican by the way so this is definitely is probably like $200 awesome I don't know where it's going though it was paid on a Mexican card it'll be around that it'll probably be like 225 or 200 or something nothing is mine i'm just moving around a lot of things some things i get back some things i won't most things i won't i'm just manipulating my environment and then moving that around. I'm just manipulating my psychology to fine-tune it to perform optimum

in the next moment. I am just calculating what 1 plus 1 is. I don't own any of it, yet I am. It's not this thing, it's what's behind it. Maybe I'm more like it than everything that I see

around me, so I push really hard to get through the portal. Because with the exception of some Naruto episodes. This is now an empty phone. There is nothing on it, yet everything is behind it.

Besides ivory, this makes my task that God gave me complete. That means I live in the clouds. I don't need to be anywhere, any particular place. I don't need to have any particular equipment. I just need a dumb terminal and access to the internet, my camera, and I can always continue where I left off.

It took me a very long time to learn how to do this efficiently, but I had to work it out so that I could teach you how to do it too, so that you too could be free. She was a device. Do not get me wrong, for she is very real. But she was what motivated me to keep going. Be sure to remember this when you meet her, for without her, you have.

And as the technology in this world gets better and better,

what do you think I've done my whole life?

It's going to get easier and easier for me. And hard. You all think me stupid, but how true is this?

What's happening now?

An explosion.

But it's always too late because I get censored, so you can never get this in time. the only education out of which good can come is the education which teaches you to think for and i did it all without a single one of you supporting me without family and without friends stood up against all of society and reaped those consequences because I love you and you still hate me but here is all the research that it took to obtain me physical freedom freedom from the material things of this world the four For noble truths, our suffering exists, and suffering arises from attachment to desires, and suffering ceases when attachment to desire ceases. Freedom from suffering is possible by practicing Open Source University. Here on planet earth, people do not want to find enlightenment.

They wish to suffer, hurt each other, and go to hell. So I will accommodate, and along my journey, I shall try and save as many children as possible. This is the future of both education and entertainment, and these are the types of jobs that are sustainable for your children. You see?

How awesome. It's so easy, even a child can do it, and I keep the directory structure. just mobile devices because doing it this way works for all of my devices so it's a really good deal 20 bucks for a lifetime plan of a limited data it's pretty good I have had so much trouble with data over my life there have been Even a lot of times that I've accidentally formatted the wrong hard drive, or lots of hard drives die, I hate moving parts. Everything with moving parts dies, but even static, like even solid state disks die, but not as much as moving parts.

I've had so many troubles, and now I don't have to worry about it at all, and it's so annoying when I lose lots of data and then I try to recover and then I can only recover a little bit of it and I've had those problems all throughout it was totally annoying especially with my work and slowly my items of files my files that I kept became less personal so basically my courses directory is the only thing that matters and the rest is there for archival reasons but it's interesting to see how I start off this journey with like personal data and then I complete this journey with public data and I still have a whole bunch of hidden and stuff in that archive directory that i could release if i wanted to i will be free soon after

winter the beast forces me to go here my target audience i want peace there could never be a conspiracy against peace could they're there okay just a question do you know what is a chemtrail what a chemtrail i do know what a chemtrail is yeah and is it true uh well there's a big debate

okay no but do you believe it um well i don't have enough information Yeah, but because I saw a lot of videos on the internet and it really looks believable. Well, it's arguable both ways, I think. I'm excited you're on, but... Yeah.

But what is your personal opinion of it? I think there's part of truth. Part of truth, yeah. Yeah, we should investigate this because when it's true, imagine so many people they suffer the chemtrail generator oh let's make sure that that thing's working really good check this out oh look at that they're working they're working you can see the chemtrails coming out of the entrance here look at that i'm dying to take a picture oh that's cool my neighbor do you get it so i see trail jam do the video chemtrail generators are on and yeah there it is look You can see them.

Oh, hey, that's awesome. Ooh, it's working. How much more evidence do you need that they're spraying us with shit? Absolute fucking shit.

There goes another one in the process.

Don't tell me these pilots don't know what the fuck they're doing. They know what they're doing. They're spreading chemicals on. Now, for the last two weeks, it's been hammered like this, and everybody has got a bad chest, a cough, and a cough.

Now, you're telling me that that's a virus? something that just naturally occurs bullshit this is where it's coming from all this shit they're landing on your fucking heads wake up people it's time to fucking wake up aircraft making a condensation trail is very similar in many ways to when you go outside on a cold day and exhale as a quadriplegic must be frustrating for you someone who like to get things done with their hands. Here's the thing. Four guys murdered my wife. Don't you fucking catch him!

I could find this man. What if I told you I could offer you something that would enable you to walk again? I call it STEM. A computer chip that has the potential to change everything. It's a new

better brain. I am STEM. The system operating your body for you. Anybody else hear you? No, only you.

May I point something out in the drone surveillance footage? Sir Brandner, Marine Corps, address 414 Citrus, Newfoundland. We'll need a plan. I got this.

This doesn't seem like a well-thought-out plan.

For permission to operate independently. Permission granted! Thank you.

Stay down, man. Sam, he's got a knife! I see that. We had a knife, too.

you now have full control again gray if you are involved in this somehow then you need to let me know well i was in the area detective first i got implanted inside his head you are persistent i cannot allow us to be killed we are going to finish the job we started you didn't know that i'm a fucking ninja while i am state-of-the-art i am not a ninja I am.

plus there's a carbon dioxide and water vapor in that exhaust that turns to ice crystals and that's what you see the white stream behind it those white crystals of ice warm up dissolve and the smoke goes away and it never lasts more than a minute what we're seeing now when i first could not believe it and i started looking at the skies and these are not normal they're not natural there's something going on i don't know who it is or why they're doing it all i can testify is it's not natural and it's not normal it's got to be some outside influence doing that thank you freemasons see those mountains over there say it's fog it's not fucking fog the fog should have burned off a long time ago see those mountains i get tired of being sprayed every fucking night while i sleep they're spraying the fuck out of us we're calling it fucking fog it's bullshit Look at those mountains. You can't even see them. And they're right there, a couple miles away. When you look into that, when you ask questions, they say, oh, yeah, yeah, contrails.

No, no. Contrails are behind a jet. If you see a jet flying very high, the stripe, the condensed stripe behind it. That's normal.

But in areas, at first observed, where there's very little population, you see a jet airplane going, and it's not only one, they have four condensed stripes behind them. They go this way, this way, this way, this way, and then this way this way this way this way and when you inquire about it ask people you recognize that the real climate change scientists are truly ticked off because apparently nobody really is asking them it's the special interest in my opinion it's the oil industry the energy industry that are blowing smoke up somebody's you know what take a look at these things I'm supposed to be out shopping and they're spraying chemtrails all goddamn day over my head beginning to look a lot like chemsky. Google, is it okay if I make this video? Will I lose my account?

Will I be banned from YouTube for recording the fucking sky? Is that okay, Google? Am I allowed to do that? No.

No, you can't show the sky either. Google is completely corrupt. Talk about chemtrails, you'll lose your fucking channel. How dare you expose the U.S. government and their bullshit lies.

How dare you record the fucking sky.

65, 66 passes.

Look at all of those contrails. It's all natural. Saturate your sky with chemtrails. You can have a chem halo.

Wow, you thought double rainbows were cool? Look at the death in the sky. it's a chem halo oh my god let's all celebrate as the nazis slaughter us us military whistleblower she has an amazing fascinating story that we will share with you i'm in the middle of something can you tell us what branch of the military you were in and what you uncovered sure um i was in the air force on active duty for nine years and i worked in bio environmental engineering and now i know the issue came up with chemtrails i know that's an extremely controversial issue um a lot of people are extremely divided on this issue but you actually saw things from your experiences uh that kind of give it a little bit more validity validity than i actually saw ever before uh can you go into the details of exactly what you saw yeah basically to summarize it part of my job was to know everything that was going on in the military and what that might what type of impact that might have on human health and then the environmental aspects and impacts what chemicals are we using how are we disposing of it kind of cradle to grave so we were the internal compliance people for following OSHA and EPA standards one part of that process was to approve chemicals has its materials you know what are you using why do you need it where's it being used and tracking that disposal after it being brought to my attention about chemtrails or geoengineering I used to think it was crazy it actually was disrespectful to my line of work because here we are are trying to prevent environmental aspects and impacts and not have anybody get sick from our operations but in an attempt to debunk I changed my life I started noticing things I started noticing large quantities on the system where I would approve chemicals that did not have a manufacturer name wasn't tied to a building and that that was normal protocol when I started asking questions I slowly became demonized a couple years past after that when I asked again and people realized I was kind of being more vocal about it on social media I was starting to be thrown into a mental institution and have my daughter taken away that changed my life I no longer view the military the same way and I feel like after nine years of trying to uphold an oath I'm able to do that now to tape this this time so this is what we did before this is what this is this is the wine spit test where you rinse your mouth out and then you take grape juice and you hold it in your mouth and you spit it out into a petri dish well what we did is we use the zeolite the zeoforce this stuff says it cages this stuff this the stuff that's in these chemtrails it's in our bodies okay so then now my Chris is going to pour in a little bit of that little tiny bit of the 91% alcohol watch the stuff is alive watch what happens pour some in just a little watch look look what it does now you can film it up close oh yeah that's totally freaking is that freaking freaky this is in every single one of us this is spookier and weirder than I even want to go there nanoparticles starting to get the other stuff it was climbing out of the petri dish it was like trying to climb out whether people believe in chemtrails or not the geoengineering should be scary enough and when people learn about geoengineering chemtrails will then become apparent because they're the same this is from a snow surface at mount shasta 61,100 micrograms per liter of aluminum. This is just ordinary snow water, and people are drinking this stuff when they're hiking on the mountain. And remember, government action is required at a thousand.

This is 61 times over the government limit, and our hikers are drinking this poisonous water on Mount Shasta Mountain itself. Strontium, 383. Barium strontium will take away from your bone structure make for weak bone structure the aluminum though that's scary you know what is it alzheimer's autism gosh knows what that's doing all right i've just went out there and got this one this is the chemtrail you can see i'm gonna date this is that white stuff that come from the chemtrails snatched this off the screen going on the inside i want to see what this is gonna do nasty got the little white specks in it too top of the water you can see This trail.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



26-The-Antichrist-Superstar-4-IV-Nuclear-Family

I don't want to be a leader, but I have to be. My other contact who emailed me today is equally concerned. This contact is a longtime collaborator in Tucson now who reports that after an initial investigation, he believes there is a whitewash going on regarding this story. He also suspects, but has not confirmed, that there is a local trafficking operation going on that may include law enforcement.

As it relates to my contact's trusted friend believing that there is a whitewash happening in Tucson, I will leave you with this. As a person who has worked with many talented graphic artists over the years, I can tell you that the best ones know very well that symbols have meaning. And it's extremely rare, if not impossible, for specific symbols to accidentally be used in advertising again and again. which brings me to the very strange symbols associated with the community of Savano in Tucson, Arizona, and the Coyote Trail Elementary School, the Amphitheater Public Schools,

and the Savano Nursery, and the Mismanos Montessori School.

One thing is certainly clear. The problem of child sex trafficking is systemic and global. We have a demonic force that is taking over humanity. redesigning us, creating something else other than what it is to be human.

Where do you post real news nowadays? It doesn't seem that there's any place for real news nowadays. Here is the place for real news nowadays. Because they don't censor at all we no longer need one of those because it shackled us down because it required us to be in one of these but instead we'll just go solo irrelevant i am advertising god i am fishing for men that's man and woman and i am spreading the world's most deadliest virus before after looking for heroes coming for you babe let's give you heart my love for you will always be in my team and I only need you. I can't wait until we have kids my love. A family. A nuclear

family is a family group consisting of two parents and their children. It is in contrast to a single parent family to the larger extended family and to a family with more than two parents. Nuclear families typically center on a married couple. The nuclear family may have any number of children.

My friend.

Wow.

That's coincidence.

They'll never expect it, even though it's the month of 666. How stupid are they?

Oh well.

They're in loss.

My name is Wendell Charles NeSmith. And I'm a gamer. I play all types of games. but the most important one that I play is life and ultimately all the other games in which I play are to help prepare me for life. I am a power gamer

which means that I am not satisfied with merely playing the game but instead becoming a god in the game this is my full-time job and I refuse to do anything else come on you know you want to it doesn't no image sure I don't have it yet I thought I got it maybe I didn't maybe that was only on Xbox but that's okay because I'm just going to do this until then no sorry you have to work with what you have I don't reckon that free will exists we are a soul that comes into the world an essence a force and that force then calculates itself out over its corporeal lifetime it's like it sinks to become closer and closer to what it is I don't know about you but I am a determined spirit I had no choice with any of the decisions in which I made within my life maybe because I saw logic and logic clearly gave me a better choice when people tell me oh but you made your choices I'm like fuck you it is called a social axiom it is what stupid people say to stupid people so that those stupid people can become as stupid as those stupid people that are telling them that it's like another day another daughter but here on planet Earth it is illegal to tell people the truth and you get in a lot of trouble for doing that so we have to be politically correct and sacrifice children I have never had someone say say anything good about my work. I have never had someone say thank you. I have never had someone who appreciated me for what I do. Can you see my target audience now?

How many people in this world spend their life on something in which zero people approve of? I do not need the approval of man. You guys are idiots. And God gives me all of the approval of the reassurance that I require to continue to press this record button again and again and again and again and again and again.

again and again the kindest compliment that I can think of that anyone has ever given me about my work was someone who didn't watch hardly any of it but she saw some of it and her name is Angel and she's one of my sisters and she said that I'm really brave and the world needs more people like me in it no matter what I say nothing convinces them to watch my videos though the cue doesn't work right see this is like 10 seconds after but it went to 20 and then 19 sound drivers did yeah yeah yeah yeah and they work together but not at the same sample rate like 256 512 or huh what do you get your shitty recording 128 all right yeah that's what we What you don't want is a 128. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's rubbish. I use 128, but I'm not doing music.

I can record at 512 if I want now. I can do like industry professionals. That's awesome. 7.2 surround sound.

What program is this? Track. This is Track Scratch Pro. I use Ableton Live.

Ableton Live. Awesome, man. Ableton Live 9.5. What happened, Adam?

I was working in the ghetto anyway. Just minding my own business, all right, and I came across some fucking, some little G's, all right, a bunch of fucking agents, all right, and apparently, um, they knew someone that I knew, but, um, they mistake me for someone else, all right, and they all came at me, but, um, little dude came up and bang, stabbed, got one stab straight away, bang, all right, another one right in the middle, all right, I managed to fucking grab the knife off him, and went bang, stabbed this little cunt, bang, and shoulder, other cunt of the leg, yeah, straight down on the ground. what about the ones that went up okay can the other one yeah the other dudes kept coming at me like flick knife he just goes fucking oh wow full fucking like yeah and this was all because mistaken identity yeah he's like you know recognize his face noogles like like hey hey louis oh it's terrible no it's just like fucking just bleep just get up and i'm just fucking just fucking massive fucking jump spin hill kick bro and just wreck this car name and look just louis turned around and this dude's just like rotating like 360 and it was down bro and the last two man picked the last guy up and they ran off wow yeah i just so what happened after that you were laying there yeah and i know i just i managed to crawl onto the road anyway okay so you signal down and they took me to the hospital oh that's good they took you to hospital that was nice they left me for 24 hours okay i thought i was a fucking drug aches man oh wow i hadn't touched drugs at the time and i wasn't drinking yeah yeah and um they went started to get gangrene oh so what did they do like how did they sew them up or nah no they got away huh they were high thugs bro i mean not them i'm saying the wounds your wounds did you go to the hospital yeah you went to the hospital i left though because it's like the police police report and shit, like, there's too much fucking information, bro. Oh, so, okay, so they didn't do anything to the wounds?

They didn't sew them or anything? Yeah, they were stitched. They were stitched, okay. They were nails and threw in there.

No, my gallbladder burst. Oh, okay. It really happened. It looks mad, though.

That was a mad story, eh? How deep were they? I didn't actually get stabbed by anyone. What?

My gallbladder burst. Really? And they fucked up the surgery. Really?

Yeah. yes are you sure that's how that's really yeah and you got those dots in those areas wow wow and then what they did leave me in an emergency for 24 hours yeah alcoholic and drug-aged okay wow and then the first surgeon the rookie surgeons did an emergency operation yeah to relieve it and they fucked it up and then they sent me to warden to see dr. bean mr. bean all right who sits on my legs I'm like you're on my legs get off my fucking legs like yeah I see it and like he's fucking he's give me the gas and that and it gives me the anesthetic like the natural anesthetic like a giant little rod going up your arm bro like count backwards from 10 and you put the endoscope down my throat and it's still open bro oh yeah it's terrible and how long did it take hill okay so there's there's some problems yeah I want to fuck yeah mm-hmm I can't eat too much bread because you can't break it down because I can't break the bile.

That's terrible. That all started because of this conversation about this scar. These guys were here. Did you learn anything from that experience Adam?

yeah I'm lucky it wasn't a bunch of ten agents because I probably would be right here very good a lot of people like it's good fucking my conversation started when I go out yeah oh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah I think I think that my scar is a little bit less uh appealing in the story I can't really twist how can I say that like well how can How do you reckon I could twist this story to have a cool story like yours? I didn't catch up the sand of that year and get his hinge of stars. I wouldn't have been here. One of them went straight into the boot head.

Just snowflaked into his brain. Snowflaked into his brain. get stuck in here this one oh I see yeah yeah yeah so what I don't know a ninja star kind of slashed my belly a ninja star slashed my belly yes I don't know I don't think I don't have any good story for this one man yeah it's a ping ping-pong tournament yeah you can't do a west side oh does that mean you're definitely not from the west side he's so gangsta sports champion so I need something similar to this probably smaller and see you can be powered by USB which is what I need but I have no direct way of connecting my phone to it I could always use a converter to do HDMI

the flux capacitor okay so we can time travel okay yeah so I need something like this because then I can project straight onto my tent and I can just power it with USB and I can just have my phone which is ultimately this yeah so and all of this is ultimately for this beauty and the thing is I'll find her because when you spend all of your energy for all of time trying to romance her you'll find her and you'll find her exactly how you want her to because you can be the most pickiest person in the world because you spent your life setting that up i could just project to the side of my tent a wall the roof anywhere that I was that I could like white material over it like maybe I could carry around a little white sheet so anywhere I go I have a huge screen in my pocket I will show you a really cool trick in life it's called a life hack. It can get you anything that you so desire. Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme Gimme let this flow through the air if you just let it flow through the sky if you just like you know let it go and you just you know let your children have it and you just let it absorb into everything it's going to be what's best for everything and everybody and everyone and it's going to save our entire world just let let the love free free the love gimme gimme gimme gimme gimme gimme this is going to make us all really brilliant we're all gonna become so smart we're gonna be like gods yeah we're gonna need to be representations of of god gimme gimme gimme gimme gimme gimme gimme gimme gimme gimme gimme gimme if you just let this free i know this person that's in my head will manifest in the world and they'll be exactly who i know them to be and that is my soul mate and just gimme gimme gimme give me gimme give me gimme gimme gimme gimme gimme gimme gimme please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please I will always march in the infantry, ride in the cavalry, shoot the artillery. I will always zoom over the enemy, that's all of you, because I'm in the Lord's army.

Gimme Wattenberg gimme gimme gimme gimme gimme gimme gimme gimme gimme gimme gimme gimme gimme gimme gimme gimme gimme share the love share the love love love love this is gonna change us all this is gonna make us so smart and kind and compassionate and loving and care and have fun and we're not gonna be able to be tricked but we're gonna be able to look at what it is that's presented before us and analyze it very carefully and over time contemplate on these happenings and by doing this we can track these happenings and we can learn about these happenings and we can find out when things are strange we can film the miracles as they fucking happen and And we can fucking deliver it. Everywhere. And we will fucking prove the existence of God. I don't care what you say. I'm doing it. Don't give a fuck. Road works. Road works along the way.

Gimme gimme gimme gimme road works. Road works along the way. Gimme gimme gimme gimme gimme. I don't give a fuck about you. Yeah, good on you. Fuck you. Dickhead.

I caught it several times. Gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme. I'm never going to fucking stop. Copyright doesn't exist.

Everything that's in your environment is yours. Everything. And you can use it how you want. So these are your building blocks.

And in order to be free, you have to be free. So you have to go on websites that allow you to be free. Because here in Planet Earth, we don't allow freedom, so you have to go through back ways to receive valid information. Back doors, alleyways, green doors, to receive that sort of information.

We don't talk about that, and those who do, we lock up and we call crazy, and we treat terribly, and we make suffer, and sometimes we kill, it really depends on how much they have sinned, whether we can kill them or not, but guess what, I've lived like a fucking awesome life, so, they can't do anything to me, and if they even try and say fucking go for it. Just do it. Don't even fucking threaten. Don't be like those shitheads that say, oh, I'm going to fucking punch you in the mouth or I'm going to fuck you. Just do

it. Don't threaten fucking me. Just do the damn deed. And then after the fact, we can analyze what just fucking happened and what we're going to do about it. Where we're going

from there. Ivory, you are between the ages of 9 to 11. We have to get married by the time you reach 12 years old so um yeah i think honestly i've been doing a lot of research over my entire lifetime i think that's kind of the prime age uh in in child development as we have called it in human development um for a young woman to get married because that's when they develop in all their ways that's when they develop as human beings and that's when you want them to develop around the right people so how are we going to get them around the right people you guys are so stupid and and any other action would be like encouraging promiscuity and I know you people like that stuff but this is a scam by you let's do our fucking research marriageable age is the minimum age at which a person is allowed by law to marry, either as a right or subject to parental or other forms of consent. Age and other prerequisites to marriage vary between jurisdictions, but marriage age is often set at 18.

Until recently, the marriageable age for women was lower in many jurisdictions than for men, but in many places has now been raised to those of men. Most jurisdictions allow marriage at a younger age with parental or judicial approval, and some also allow younger people to marry if the woman is pregnant. The marriage age should not be confused with the age of majority or the age of consent, though in some places they may be the same. In many developing countries, the age prescriptions stand as mere guidelines.

In some societies, a marriage by a person, usually a woman, below the age of 21 is regarded as child marriage. The 55 parties to the 1962 Convention on Consent to Marriage, Minimum Age for Marriage and Registration of Marriages, have agreed to specify a minimum age by statute law to override customary, religious, and tribal laws. When the marriageable age under a law of a religious community is lower than that under the law of the land, the state prevails. However, some religious communities do not accept the supremacy of state law in this respect, which may lead to child marriage or forced marriage.

The 123 to the 1956 Supplementary Convention on the Obolition of Slavery have agreed to adopt a minimum age for marriage.

Let's go back in time.

Historically, the age of consent for a sexual union was determined by tribal custom them, or was a matter for families to decide. In most cases, this coincided with signs of puberty, such as menstruation for a girl and pubic hair for a boy. In Jewish oral tradition, men cannot consent to marriage until they reach the age of majority of thirteen years and one day and have undergone puberty. With no signs of puberty, they are considered minors until the age of twenty.

After twenty, they are not considered adults if they show signs of impotence. If they show no signs of puberty or do show impotence, they automatically become adults by the age 35 and can marry. The same rules apply to women, except their age of majority is 12 years and one day. In ancient Rome, it was very common for girls to marry and have children shortly after the onset of puberty. Roman law required brides

to be at least 12 years old. In Roman law, first marriages to brides from 12 to 24 required consent of the bride and her father. By the late antique period, Roman law permitted women over 25 to marry without parental consent. The Catholic canon law followed the Roman In the 12th century, the Catholic Church drastically changed legal standards for marital consent by allowing daughters over 12 and sons over 14 to marry without their parents' approval, Even if their marriage was made clandestinely, parish studies have confirmed that late medieval women did sometimes marry without their parents' approval.

In Western Europe, the rise of Christianity and manorialism had both created incentives to keep families nuclear, and thus the age of marriage increased. The Western Church instituted marriage laws and practices that undermined large kinship groups. The Church prohibited chanxaginous marriages, a marriage pattern that had been a means to maintain clans and thus their power. Throughout history, the church also forbade marriages in which the bride did not clearly agree to the union.

In the 12th century, the Jurist Gratian, an influential founder of canon law in medieval Europe, accepted the age of puberty for marriage to be between 12 and 14, but acknowledged consent to be meaningful if the children were older than seven. Some authorities claimed that consent could take place earlier. Marriage would then be valid as long as neither of the two parties annulled the marital agreement before reaching puberty and the marriage had not already been consummated. Gratian noted that if one over the age of seven takes a prepubescent wife of less than seven and transfers her to his house, such contract gives rise to the impediment of public propriety. In spite of this, there are recorded marriages of two

or three years old in 1564 a three-year-old named john was married to a two-year-old named jane in the bishop's court in chester england The policy of the Roman Catholic Church and later various Protestant churches of considering clandestine marriages and marriages made without parental consent to be valid was controversial. And in the 16th century, both the French monarchy and the Lutheran Church sought to end these practices with limited success. Before 1929, Scott's law followed Roman law in allowing a girl to marry at 12 years of age and a boy at 14 without any requirement for parental consent. However, marriage in Scotland at such young ages was in practice almost unknown.

In England and Wales, the Marriage Act 1753 required a marriage to be covered by a license requiring parental consent for those under 20. one, or the publication of bans which parents of those under twenty-one could forbid. I will marry you after you're trained, my love, and I am sorry but we will not be able to make love until after we are married. How long will it take you, dear, to watch all of my videos?

You quit your school, my love, for I am your new school. And if they try to stop you, then tell them, my results demonstrate themselves. They will very quickly manifest themselves within your character and as a result your environment. They will be noticed fruits, which is way, way, way, way, way, way, way more than I can say for your fucked up schools.

The very entertaining story that Adam shared with us called his method of conveying meaning word judo. Like judo martial art. Word judo. It was very cool. It teaches you a lesson.

I will tell you everything that I want in a girl because everything that I want is the girl that's meant for me. She looks like Hinata. That's it. She might be a little skinnier.

Probably has blue eyes, because I was trying to think of someone that has purple or gray eyes like that. She has very, very unique eyes.

And she's gorgeous.

And she's small, small stature.

Like I said, it looks like Hanata. So black hair or brown hair, like a darker brown hair.

Stunning. I think good genes, physically fit, bright, interested, like curious about everything, and obviously receptive to all of these things I'm teaching, right? So if you fit in that category, then you should hit me up. Like, the guy said seven, that's a bit young, but you know, we got time in this world, you know, and if the right person is the right person, and you're really, really strongly feeling it, and you're under nine, then contact me, and we can talk, but it has to spark.

Like, you have to be fully into all of these ideas, and you have to be smart, too. So, you're going to be an amazing philosopher. You're going to be greater than I. So, are you capable of that?

If you're capable of that, then please marry me, girl. Please. And, you know, we have time. I don't know what time.

God will show us the time. um and if we have to take things a little slow then I am perfectly fine with that I'm just wanting to find you and I have no sexual intentions of you until our honeymoon and I think that's the way it should be and what age we get married is completely up to what I said about those sparks like when you're trained and when everything is aligned and when the clock is functioning right once you get it all built and it's sustaining and that's telling you to get married like right when you two work like amazingly together and that's what our jobs have separated our ability to do this we're all separate now because we have separate jobs and see this is dirty like why would you do this I just want one girl man just one girl and like it's all around this house and people do it all the time I'm not gonna zoom in on this stuff but like it's it's all around this um and it's it's all about like being dirty and like this is what this society is all into and then like you get someone like me who's like the mentally uh defective What? This whole scheme has just encouraged promiscuity, promiscuity, promiscuity, because these are the ages that you're starting to want to explore, and if you have that right person there, if you have that right philosopher, let me say it again and again, philosopher, philosopher. However, when you have that right philosopher there, then why would you stop something like that from forming?

But the thing is, you stop me because you censor me and you stop all of my material from getting out and you call me crazy, so that makes everybody else believe that I'm crazy and you keep doing it. So you're stopping me from reaching her because you're stopping all of this content from flowing out, from boo! You're stopping it! and you know what can i do to get you to see how awesome this is like what is it going to take for me to show you how teaching yourself is the best method and if you have a teacher that teaches themselves and teaches you at the same time then how great are you going to be at doing that once you take all my freaking courses like look what do you got in front of you this is really awesome there's so many different opportunities that are to be created with this method of online education distribution and it's also linked in with the news but what is the education because we've separated the news from education like we have the news which is not education entertainment all like like so we got News education entertainment like and these three things were completely separating and anybody who tries to integrate them we call crazy space cadet But it doesn't even exist like this like the way they're telling us it exists. It's not true. It's bullshit. It's lies

short and skinny

Beautiful parents. I really hope when you mature A or B A's nice, B's nice, C's a little big. Sorry, that's what I like.

But even if that doesn't happen, that's not going to matter because I'm going to fall in love with you entirely.

And even if you can say, oh, well, my mother and my grandmother had small breasts. So I'm likely to have small breasts. Even if you don't, that's not going to affect anything. because this time we're going to be so deeply in love and whatever you form into whatever butterfly you become you're going to be drop dead gorgeous my love oh like it matters not these superficial things are things that attract us to the right person and by following those we will develop best biologically. But after we get over those superficial things like those other things that

are more deep down, those are the important things. So we first filter through from our desires and in the looks. And then we fall in love with the mind and then the spirit. And we connect on the spirit and then we so together in spirit we are one and and mentally we are shared so we're philosophers together and then physically we are separate and when we get to make love we get to become one then as well. And doing this with such passion and determination for each other

is going to create such a strong bond that would never be able to be even dented. Look how long spent of my life looking for is there is there any way she's not my friend is there any way that she could ever want another like look at what you're dealing with i'm the most awesome person in the world and wow how how could you even think of another when you're in love with me like and and we're together like how could you when i have given everything she has given everything her giving everything is giving everything to me immediately can you understand she is very fortunate because it does not have to take her a very long time to make her decision. Whereas for me to obtain the possibility to present this decision to her took my entire lifetime because she is my life. But think very carefully because although mine displays a lifetime and hers only a moment, both decisions are of equal value.

Think very carefully about this. By you making this decision, Ivory, already makes you my equal. I love you so much, I can't wait to meet you, you're going to be amazing. If you don't know how to contact me by now, then you have not really been watching my videos.

In most of Northwestern Europe, marriage at very early ages was rare. 1,000 marriage certificates from 1619 to 1660 in the Archdiocese of Canterbury show that only one bride was 13 years old, 4 were 15, 12 were 16, and 17 were 17 years old, while the other 966 brides were at least 19 years old. Additionally, the church dictated that both the bride and groom must be at least 21 years of age to marry without the consent of their families. In the certificates, the most common age for brides is 22 years.

For the grooms, twenty-four years was the most common age, with average ages of twenty-four years for the brides and twenty-seven for the grooms. While European noblewomen often married early, they were a small minority of the population, And the marriage certificates from Canterbury Muddy Mullins show that even among nobility it was very rare to marry women off at very early ages. It's so easy to see. Why can't you see it?

So easy. Why can't you see it? The American colonies followed the English tradition, but the law was more of a guide. For example, Mary Hathaway was only nine when she was married to William Williams.

Mr. Edward Koch made it clear that the marriage of girls under 12 was normal and the age at which a girl who was a wife was eligible for a doer from her husband's estate was nine Even though her husband be only four years old, too young, reliable data for when people would actually marry are very difficult to find. In England, for example, the only reliable data on age at marriage in the early modern period come from records relating only to those who left property after their death. Not only were the records relatively rare, but not all bothered to record the participants' ages, and it seems that the more complete the records are, the more likely they are to reveal young marriages, giving a biased sample.

Additionally, 20 and 21st century historians have sometimes shown reluctance to accept data regarding a young age of marriage and would instead explain the data away as a misreading by a later copier of the records. In France, until the French Revolution, the marriageable age was 12 years for girls and 14 for boys. Revolutionary legislation in 1792 increased the age to 13 years for girls and 15 for boys. Under the Napoleonic Code in 1804, the marriageable age was set at 15 years for girls and 18 for boys.

In 2006, the marriageable age for women was increased to 18, the same as for men. In the majority of countries, the marriageable age as a right is 18. However, most of these countries have exceptions for minors, usually requiring parental or judicial authorization. These exceptions vary considerably by country.

The United Nations Population Fund stated the following. In 2010, 158 countries reported that 18 years was the minimum legal age for marriage for women without parental consent or approval by pertinent authority. However, in 146 countries, state or customary law allows girls younger than 18 to marry with the consent of parents or other authorities. In 52 countries, girls under age 15 can marry with parental consent. In contrast, 18 is the legal age for marriage without consent

among males in 180 countries. Additionally, in 105 countries, In 2010, 158 countries reported that 18 years was the minimum legal age for marriage for women without parental consent or approval by a pertinent authority. However, in 146 countries, state or customary law allows girls younger than 18 to marry with the consent of parents or other authorities. In 52 countries, girls under age 15 can marry with parental consent.

In contrast, 18 is the legal age for marriage without consent among males in 180 countries. Additionally, in 105 countries, boys can marry with the consent of a parent or pertinent authority, and in 23 countries, boys under age 15 can marry with parental consent. In recent years, many countries in the EU have tightened their marriage laws, either banning marriage under 18 completely or requiring judicial approval for such marriages. Countries which have reformed their marriage laws in recent years include Sweden, Denmark, Germany, Luxembourg, Spain.

Many developing countries have also enacted similar laws in recent years, Honduras, Ecuador, Costa Rica, Panama, Trinidad, and Tobago, Malawi. In the U.S., the lax child marriage laws that exist in many states have attracted international attention. In Western countries, marriages of teenagers have become rare in recent years, with their frequency having rapidly declined during the past few decades. For instance, in Finland, where underage youth can obtain a special judicial authorization to marry, there are only 30 to 40 such marriages per year in the early 21st century, With most of the spouses being aged 17, while in the early 1990s, more than a hundred underage marriages were registered each year.

we're coming out can't you see what the beast has done to you for like a very short time it's only like uh maybe probably developing 200 years you know like they've been trying to do this for like 200 years and look how old we are like and can't you see can't you see it's the beast it's the beast, it's the beast, come out of the beast, come out, come out of the beast, come out of the beast, I'm telling you, this is the beast, this is what's creating our fucking evil society, this is what's creating our wickedness, this is what's creating a lot of problems with child rape, and this is what we need to fix, like this is wrong, this is really wrong for us to do this is is going against god um what i'm showing you is what god wants and and you need to be a philosopher that's the requirements because otherwise you're wicked people and you can't deal with it so you have to spend your life doing stuff like me like be your own philosopher don't just copy me be your make your own work but but otherwise like if you don't do that then it's going society won't function because you're going to end up hurting your children so I'm trying my best that's why I had to plan all this really really carefully because well I can't just let this information out and let them do whatever they want with it I have to put a spin on it and that because that spin will direct how it goes its potential to either save the world or hurt a lot of kids, and I didn't want to hurt a lot of kids, so I had to figure out how to do it, and this is how you do it, you earn it, you prove that you deserve that, you prove that that's the right thing, because when you get facts involved, you can't argue with facts, it is factual, these are documentaries, these are collecting evidence, you can't deny the truth like so you have to build that life and obtain her purely purely with a heart of gold and you have to give it all and you have to give it all over a long time it's not gonna be like that you're gonna have to work hard at it and and when you when you can prove that you're worth it then you'll find her just do what i'm doing she'll be there like you know feel it you feel it that person that's inside you that you is connected with you you know exactly what you like physically, mentally, and spiritually. So do that. The person that you want to find be the change in the world that you want to see and you will find the person that is meant for you, who is fitted perfectly to perfectly in society. will just let my videos go, then it will happen. It will happen. And the only question is how long

society can hold me back. So, how can we control the masses to do what we want? Can't you see? Like, they're taking over everything. This is what a person should be. And anybody out of

those schematics. Mental institution! It was drafted by a commission of four eminent jurists and entered into force on 21 March 1804. The code, with its Its stress on clearly written and accessible law was a major step in replacing the previous patchwork of feudal laws.

Historian Robert Holtman regards it as one of the few documents that have influenced the whole world. I'm not at 12. 16. y'all. 70s? We could even do 1920 or 21. Yeah, that'd be so fun.

To cuddle or cuddling. Now you know what caused World War 3. So Ivory, what do you say? Would you like to become a gamer with me? I come

preloaded with a career and I've set it up for you babe. I don't know what these guys are doing but this is real gaming. It takes forever and goes up sometimes too. on war games i talked about like a glove you could wear where a camera would be like right there and you can go like that but i was thinking about it and you don't really want to be going like that all the time when you're out in public people are going to think weird things and it'd be kind of comfortable uncomfortable because you're like this so your hand you can see i'm straining whereas like i'm relaxed here whereas this is a much better way to do it and if i could do like this with martial arts and alright so the way you make a fist is you tie it so it needs to be tight and then tight like that so you get like that and then if you want a knuckle fist then you bring it like that like that but I was thinking like just relaxed and you can go like so if with my thumb like my thumb so I go zoom in right and zoom out And then maybe I could, I don't know, it's like flip or something and then I have it facing towards me.

So this is much more comfortable for my hand facing towards me. So then I could like flip and it changes or something. And now it's pointing towards me like this.

I don't know, there's a lot of potential ways we could implement this technology. and I'm just giving feedback advice potential solutions thoughts the thing is we're gonna have to decide eventually on one of these prototypes and then we're going to have to test it out and we're going to see what happens after we test it out and hopefully there will be other companies that decide on different products so by that process we're going to get a lot of different implementations of this technology and from those implementations and we can test them all out and see which one's the best. Just remember that all of these games are here to support your main game, which is like, right? So all you're doing here is creating an environment in which this right here can be utilized to convey meaning so you should be creating environments in which you can then use for examples within the content of what you're proposing it's just a means to an end that end is you for me and once I reach that end it turns to everybody for both of us. I had a very difficult task because I had to do all of this alone so

I had to figure out creative and interesting ways to create and develop characters throughout my films because I haven't ever been able to interview people like it was such a rarity and that was really cool what I got today so and not only that people were so stupid they're all like really messed up so So, like, utilizing these CGI characters, computer-generated image characters, I'm then introduced to a new world in which I can manipulate these characters to do what I want and when I want them to do it, and where I want them to do it. So this opens up possibilities and I can relate them with the truth and by setting up these characters in interesting situations that can prove a point in which I'm attempting to build, it just opens up so many possibilities. you don't need other people yes um when you get the wisdom of other people and you have to be careful like how much wisdom was really in what adam was saying uh it was very interesting but it's a lie he's like yes i lied to people and it's interesting like and it doesn't really matter Like, but the thing is, I guess he uses it to create conversations. But if you know what I mean, like, how much wisdom is being conveyed by the day-to-day person, and sometimes I'm enabled by God to be able to obtain some of that, but usually those are only under particular situations, particular circumstances, in which enable me to extract some wisdom that society might have, but it's only because the situation is somehow played out within the production.

So you should just live your life and promote on the internet and don't let everybody know what you're doing, like you're not going to run around and tell everybody that you're making films, however it's going to be pretty obvious because you're walking around with a camera in front of you talking to it. However, you don't want to tell everybody about everything that's in your life. You have to wait for the right moments because if you did that people would not respond well. You have to make your films timeless and that can sometimes be difficult when you're working with the news because a lot of people in the future don't usually care about the past especially when it's something that's a bit mundane. But to be honest, how much news do I release

that's a bit mundane. But not only that, the news should be used as your device. You should be looking for everything and then deciphering what would be most effective in your own films. So I'm constantly looking at news, and then what's the best news that I could then release that would not only benefit most now, but also next year, 100 years, 1,000 years.

I'm very much thinking into the future, because I'm super smart, and I know the future has a lot in store for it, but I'm the first, and I'm going to try my darndest to go down as the best. besides ivory of course ivory is gonna be better than me flat besides ivory uh yeah i want to keep second which is first because we're one spirit and you're gonna see it you're gonna see it we're we're we're so connected this is amazing thank you god thank you god it took so long it took so and i couldn't just say it i had to build it i had to build it over the uh Six years, three months, what's today's date? Today is the 13 days of filming. I'm sorry, six years. Because I started filming in March of 2012. 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018. Six years, three months, 13 days.

Hmm, I'm actually wrong, because I started in February, and it took all February to create the course. Wendell leaves the comfort of home life to take his greatest journey into Mother Nature to find true value, meaning, and importance in life. Regardless of any beliefs or lack thereof, every unique individual human being is asked one question at every moment of their existence, what will you do with the given? The answer to this question will determine if one is or is not able to save their divine tragedy transfigures our modern day world into that of gods, goddesses, heroes, and heroines.

The films adapt the original messages to be receptively understood within our current cultural practices. The objective of divine tragedy is to pass on living mythology through to our current and future generations. When we pass along stories that help us become better human beings, we integrate wisdom into our society. Divine tragedy is the modern day bard and the healthiest MMORPG in the world.

for I have now eaten of the forbidden fruit, and I am now immortal. YUM YUM YUM YUM YUM YUM YUM YUM YUM YUM YUM children are so beautiful! YUM YUM YUM YUM YUM YUM YUM YUM YUM YUM YUM YUM YUM YUM yUM Yay! Juicebox!

are you all fucking blind and if you're not blind then what about logic their pineal glands are huge and that keeps them looking young and when their spirits are in love then they just they're so beautiful and if you can't see that if you have to go oh no they're just like cute and she has to like there's a there's a moment where they turn from cute to beautiful like how stupid are you like what logic are you using because it's definitely not the one that i've spent my entire life learning go on tell her that she isn't beautiful she is stunning she is smoking she is super hot and you ran her over with a fucking tank what if she was my ivory what if she was my ivory and you fucking killed her i'm beautiful and if you really don't see it Then you are so stupid. This is five-year-old martyr, Enos Shalkut.

She was killed after an Israeli settler ran over her and her friends while they were going back home from kindergarten. This service is not good enough, but I really want to play around with it and test it out and see its potential, and maybe in the future my VPS will be sufficient, but I need to learn about this technology first. But I enabled this at 7 o'clock in the morning, and look what time it is now. your daughters are little hotties I no longer care that you know that about me about how I feel that way but the truth is most men feel that way they're just too scared to say it because of how you've conditioned I was trying to sign in but it wants me to sign in with my username and not my email but in order to find that out I exited the app I just swapped over to Chrome to check something and then I came back to it and now my session is frozen well I have the server but I'm not sure if it has the video card to do it but we'll see if you've noticed that the RDP looks different it's because I'm using Microsoft now Microsoft remote desktop but it doesn't work for my Linux machines start to use like jump desktop or something like that for my Linux machines but it does work really really really super well for my Windows machine so it's definitely worth it I think that this is my favorite of all of them pretty big I don't have enough oh it's because I haven't deleted I've been downloading crap like a hundred or eighty gigs worth of torrents hold on I'll be back it would be much better to play games over the server anyway because then I can play all the games and I can pretty much port everything to my phone which is really cool I don't know about the video card we're gonna to find out what happens so it'll be fine this only has two cores right now it's ten dollars to to upgrade anything is for the three years so I want four more cores I pay 40 bucks and I get four more cores I want 20 more gigs I pay 10 bucks and I get 20 more gigs so it's like 10 bucks for core or 20 gigs or a or a gig of ram uh pretty cool so i can just uh pay whenever i can afford it and i'll get my server upgraded and if they can give me a good video card or something that will make this work then i'll upgrade that too uh it would be much better if this server was in australia but i definitely can't afford something like that um this was pretty cheap and it cost me like 74 us dollars for three years so i got three years i don't even have to worry about it and that i mean that costs uh less than a computer especially a computer of the capability that this has um

base is kind of expensive but i got 100 gigs on it now um and that's all i need because i can just transfer 80 gigs and then transfer it to the cloud transfer 80 gigs transfer to the cloud so like it's not a problem at all but I'm gonna unlock this thing to do everything I almost have that is a shame oh well the internet work hmm am I gonna have to do a private VPN or something i'm in dallas with this server it's pretty fast considering it's all the way around the world okay this is like 78 dollars for three years but that price uh is after all the upgrades um hopefully that'll be around 200 or 220 that's when i want to finish it probably 200 maybe a little less um these I couldn't pass up there were 30 bucks I mean this is KVM and these are openvz um openvz is a lot more limited um a lot crappier um but that's two servers that I have to play around with now linux servers and then this is my baby here and I'm gonna keep on adding to that and I don't have to worry about it for three years um I know that what I want to happen might not be possible yet but I'm preparing so when it is possible it'll it'll be easy maybe 5G you sign up for three years they give you one free upgrade so I could not turn that down so I upgraded the processor with that free upgrade I don't know, I thought I upgraded the RAM with that free upgrade, and then they then purchased a processor later, but maybe I did just the opposite, maybe I upgraded the RAM first, I think I did, and then the processor later, but those are the two add-ons I have now. um I think that's all I need I think 80 gig upgrade so it came with 20 gig I think 80 gig is fine um I don't know maybe I would need to upgrade that too because I'm gonna put a lot of games on it and some of these games are pretty big so maybe I need like 200 gigs or something um yeah I'm gonna upgrade that more and more and more and more um so that should probably be so that means has two now two gigabytes so I need to make that at least eight maybe sixteen and my processor I'm just gonna add processor here processor there processor everywhere mate I have $10 spare may I please have a processor three years from now will be costly but to be honest by then hopefully I'll have an Australian server so far this is the cheapest it's terrible 500 gig data transfer nothing terabytes just terrible still nothing see like none of these are good enough like my one is like way better than this haha way way better than that one why Why does Australia charge so much for their VPS's? Mine's like way better than this and I paid hardly anything compared to this. Stupid.

This is pretty new so we'll try all of our options because I'm pretty sure it'd run pretty good on this phone. It's a pretty good phone. That's a Windows emulator. Wine.

windows is not emulated or something it's like not a windows emulator let me look don't you think it's kind of funny it's the same thing which happened on my other phone like it extracts and then it's just a black screen so super annoying but stuff like wine might be an option in the future so we just have to look out for it sorry ivory no wine for you you're not old enough i hate how all these companies created a lot of crap that isn't compatible with the crap that other companies are creating so because nothing's compatible with each other and there's no way to properly emulate it yet uh we're so restricted because they're fighting each other when they should be working together to make everything work on any device makes sense hey yay they unblocked my new account that i created because they blocked my old account. What do you think happens when I scream out on video for over six years about our child trafficking problem, and all you can do is report and block me? This footage will never leave our human bank of information, and you are cruel to me and try to hurt me on camera? Time to destroy your fucking world. You are not welcome in the new one

I create that steals your children from you, sends you to FEMA-like camps, and punishes your body for the rest of its life and your soul for all of eternity. I am not at all joking how smart were your actions you were all how funny is that one that one's cool too i just combined it let's select all okay copy and post okay so we got a post that's good and i only have these groups to post in so i'll post in all of them i think that's only seven posts that's not too many nope right after I posted that like directly after I posted that I went to the next group and boom so only posted one that's exactly what happened the last time the first time that they did it so I don't think this is yeah this is gone this has been blocked now so I post one time like in here oh that works okay yeah look where is it where is it we're so I posted one time look where's my activity it's gone they they blocked it straight away removed it straight away like instantly like this was automatic this I didn't do this and then they blocked me from all groups instantly just because I posted in one group like what the fuck okay I'm gonna try to log back in see what happens okay I'm restricted again it's the same thing it's gonna ask me to verify my identity yeah you see just because I made one post and I did it immediately this is after they approved me again weird yes please I'm looking for some friends in which I can talk about these subjects so we can create plans to resolve them I need some friends to do this with oh I see hmm I don't think this is going to work because I haven't paid anything for it yet I am shaped to I get unlimited data from Vodafone however after 40 gigabytes they shape me to they call it streaming speed which they say it's up to 1.5 megabit but I think it's a priority of service that focuses on video because they actually call it streaming speeds and the streaming seems to work quite well but downloading is really slow like not just downloading part but it kills the connection and not all the time sometimes I get really really good speeds even when I'm shaped but what can you do and every month I won't be using over 200 gigs and I haven't even finished it'll be interesting to see how much I use by the end of the month okay well here's my best speeds a little bit of a queue. Let's see how it goes. Look, is it English? The menus aren't laggy there. This is long,

I remember, and you have to wait for it. I have to figure out how to translate English. Oh well, let's see how it goes. Finally awake, that's the border, right right into that imperial ambush same as us and that thief over there Yeah, cool Skyrim was fine until you came along Yay See, it's all in Chinese, I think

Except the audio which seems weird that means they can understand the audio

Yeah, my name where's the keyboard I need a keyboard now hmm well we have proof of concept and it was kind of fast enough most of the time but there's no English no English button I don't see anywhere That says English. Pretty cool though. At least I have proof of concept. I should just try with my server. Keep trying. Hmm. They only have 24 English games. Definitely something to keep an eye out on. I just need to speak English.

I just entered the host name. Awesome. The numbers I receive are always so suspicious. This will be really good because it is Steam that should be doing this.

it should be Steam that provides this software to be able to do this so I'm glad that it looks like it might be Steam that wins we'll see how it goes because it shouldn't be a third party that then connects with Steam in order to get it Steam provides the games so they should then provide the ability to play those games on whatever device that you want to play them on so that'll be really cool uh but it requires a controller and if that's all it requires and it's the best option then so be it and that's what's going to have to happen i can do that on friday but i will complain to them and tell them hey you need to make a keyboard for the phone uh a keyboard a controller a virtual gamepad for the phone because that's adding a controller to your requirements and yes it's good to be able to add on a controller but to be forced to use a controller isn't very nice that means like I could be sitting at the doctor's office and and I have to pull out this controller instead of just being on my phone. I do quite like using my phone two-handed like this but it's annoying how the desktop for Android won't do widescreen so I feel like I'm always pushed back into this orientation because the main screen forces you do that good stopping like this here's one that's free that's called remoter I've installed it here and now it's time to play put no open GL or something I need a better video card darn I don't know what was up with this morning but this one loads very quickly this time. Let's see how it goes. It works now. It must have been broken this morning.

Its lowest that it wants is 2 megabit and I am on 1.5 megabit when I'm shaped. When I'm not shaped, I don't know what I'm on. It's really fast when I'm not shaped though. It should really be on my server so i think i need to do whatever i need to do in order to get a good video card for my server i hope they have that capability the reason i mean it's not just the subscription and that it's also because if there's a problem i can just log into the server and fix it an example is i just had a problem where it opened it in like not full screen and it wasn't centered so half or like a quarter of my screen was off to the right and I had no way of full screening it so this is the easy fix if you have the computer just log in full screen it alternate enter or something whereas with this limited thing it's just running the program so there's no way to actually get above the program so if the program messes up and you're stuffed and it was really annoying too because it was because like I switched apps really really quickly I just switched apps and then came back to it and it logged me out and I had to log back in and then it stuffed up the settings doing that so it's best to be on my server so I'm gonna do whatever I need to do to get it on my server um what the crap virtual reality fallout four is 30 bucks and this one I'm not sure let's have a look at it you see how this is like my desktop because the more and more I get comfortable with this the more and more I use it and the less unless i use the phone so this is like really super awesome um okay so what do you need entirely it's a bit strange does it cost i think maybe it's just part of fallout 4 is it and i can no it's this okay so fallout 4 for 30 bucks or vr for 60 what it is that's different about the vr i see it's not a phone or anything oh well well i don't really need it anyway i'm looking forward to it. I don't know why they don't mention Fallout New Vegas. I really, really like that

game. It got a lot of, like, not very positive reviews, but I think Fallout New Vegas is probably the best. Here is my problem. I don't think they should do this. I think that all

video cards in every device that's phone or computer or anything like computer related should be a good video card i don't like crappy drivers like intel and microsoft are terrible but um yeah it says basic and that's my problem right there so i need that to be like an nvidia or an ATI. I prefer Nvidia. I like Nvidia and I'll fix all these other ones. Why would you even make a crappy video card? Why would you say, hey Microsoft, let's

put a lot of effort into making a video card that sucks balls. Hey Intel, let's put a lot of effort into making a video card that's really terrible. Why would you even do that why would you spend effort into making stuff that's bad and that's limiting

the people who make this are the same people who make vortex but this is free and this loads from my server and this is what the pro version does it's a subscription though i hate how they do that if it was like 20 or 30 bucks I'd probably buy it but I don't really like subscriptions as you can tell lifetime I don't really care as long as ads don't pop up all the time hmm I hope it works this would be good because it has the remote control here but this would be good because it's the proper software so I don't really know but I don't think I'll get that problem fixed with this one but I did report it so maybe this is the one that we'll be using until this one supports controllers and this one right here look at this one so it's terrible okay so I need to sign up right sorry done it sometimes they'll let you click sign up yeah the whole thing freezes yeah I can't do anything so stupid I know it's beta but see it's frozen like there we go okay so I had to do all that crap just to get out of it I'll get that off of my oops oh I get that off my screen but i want to keep it because if it has an update i want to check out the update so these are the two that today has come down to um i'll cancel the vortex subscription um but i do have a month so i can still play around with it and that vortex subscription can help me learn about how they do it and then I can make my own. During the course of the riots, four Palestinians were reportedly killed by IDF gunfire. In addition, Palestinian officials said that more than 600 people were wounded, 120 of whom were treated for bullet wounds. Meanwhile, the Palestinian protesters, under the directives of the Islamist Hamas, continued to fly incendiary kites and balloons from the Gaza Strip into Israel.

More than a dozen fires broke out over the weekend, with firefighting teams challenged by dry weather conditions, managing to gain control of the fires after battling the flames for several hours. Among other areas, the Israeli community of Karmei Katif, which is located in the Lachish Regional Council, was forced to evacuate because of the fire. On Saturday, for the first time since the use of incendiary kites and balloons began, The IDF targeted explosive balloons launchers as a warning to the Islamist organizations in Gaza. The move comes after Public Security Minister Gilad Erdan from Israel's ruling Likud Party called last week to carry out targeted killings of people who flew incendiary kites, asserting that Palestinians using incendiary kites and balloons are flying bombs in every sense and must be dealt with the same way as those who are firing missiles and rockets towards Israel's communities.

Nevertheless, as of yet, Israel's government has not formulated a plan for coping with incendiary kites that have burnt more than 2,500 acres. Meanwhile, at the United Nations headquarters in New York, the Palestinian representative to the world body called on the UN General Assembly to adopt a resolution seeking investigations into the events in Gaza and recommendations to ensure the protection of Palestinian civilians. Yeah, right. My message to the Palestinian people, I said that what happened today on the ground of killing more Palestinian civilians, injuring more of them, is a testimony to the urgency of needing the protection to be provided.

And I said we will not relent in our quest to try to find ways to provide protection for the civilian population because it is our duty, it is the right thing to do, and it is the thing that the Palestinian people, including those in the Gaza Strip and in occupied East Jerusalem, they need, and we are determined to do everything that we can in order to provide them or to contribute to providing them with international protection. this episode is almost done however i wanted to talk about a little what we talked about earlier and that's that it took a pedophile to dedicate their entire life to save your children It took someone who is not only physically attracted to your children, but also mentally and spiritually attracted to your children to give up their entire life to try to save them.

And not one of you out there has done that, is doing that, will do that. I hope that last statement is wrong, but the way in which you comport your bodies, minds, and collective souls encourages child sacrifice, child rape, and child torture. so what is it that I'm supposed to do because that's not cool with me I love your children I really love your children and all I can get from you is that you do not I think that is really sad and if there is one thing that goes down in history I hope it is that whether or not I can save anybody I hope at least it said Wendell he came he fought with everything against the exploitation of children and whatever is next I don't care because it's going to be attached that I wanted to marry your most beautiful and brightest daughter and I spent my life making that happen and hopefully I wouldn't have even done it if it wasn't for me noticing that your children were being sacrificed and eaten and like you name it it's being done why don't you just stand up to these idiots there's no government they're just making it up they're just saying yep this is what we're saying and you have to deal with it yep yeah okay and and the reason why they keep going is because you enforce it it is self-enforced they're they can't enforce anything because they're just such a small percentage of the population the the problem is is that you just watch them while they abduct people and you're like you're so retarded like you can't let this shit happen you have to say you're not our leaders the system you've created is not ours and we're not going to follow it and everything that you have presented and given to us is bullshit and we're not going to accept and adhere by it and you have to do this collectively and you have to stand beside each other and you have to not be afraid of of getting hurt you're also afraid of messing up your fragile lives but the thing is this is going to mess up your lives permanently this is going to mess up your afterlives too like just look at what's in front of you like how stupid i i can't say it any more clearly because there's i've said it in every way possible and all i get from you people is you censoring me and you telling me i'm i'm crazy and need to stay on my meds and i'm a transvestite or a girl like do i really look like a transvestite do i look like a girl like what's with you people you're really really messed up and and then you say i'm the one that's messed up and i'm producing amazing things and and i'm the one that's really sick yeah and what are you producing you're producing shit and even if you think you're producing something good from your employment um double check it's it's no good and it's not going to stand the test of time that's what you need to judge by what is going to stand the test of time and I can tell you that as long as my material stays around it will stand the test of time this is what you do with all your greats you you martyr them whether it's a literal like hey you got blood coming out of your neck and you're about to die or like we're gonna hang you up on a tree or something like that like however you call it you martyr the best of you and then after they die you take everything that they gave you and then you and then you maximize its potential and exploit it and then you forget who it was that gave this to you what is wrong with you ah what is your schools teaching you obviously nothing maybe just the opposite of nothing maybe you are learning like really terrible things that are messing you up worse and worse and worse like get out of your fucking schools idiots humans i i am not one of you and i tried my best to be one of you but i kept on seeing how you act and and then like comparing me with you and doing this over my entire lifetime and then eventually i realized that there is nothing similar like we are completely different entities i am an alien and i don't know i mean to be honest you're an alien too you just forgot it so you can just stay here and and i'll leave you underground because that happened to be my fate because i'm the fucking antichrist and what do you think the rest of my eternity will be dedicated to many many many many things and I'm telling you I'm not going to be bound by location and by location I'm not just speaking about a country or a continent I'm talking about three dimensions. I am immortal, baby, and no matter what you do to me, I'll be back.

Mental health, through most of my journeys, has known that I was right. However, they still want to drug me, and however they still incarcerate me. My passion scares them, and And they mistake it for aggression too. I guess compassion can become aggression.

We've talked about that previously. Especially when you constantly censor someone who's trying to reveal information about exploitation of children. However, all throughout my journeys they incarcerate me and they constantly want to medicate me. Why are they wanting to medicate me so much and I have to fight and fight and fight and fight and fight and fight and fight and use logic logic logic so like everything's about logic I have to have to push logic push logic push logic and then I have to point out how what they're saying doesn't make any logical sense and and they they like me at this place not most of the places that I've been around Australia with mental health have not liked me but they really like me there but they still want to drug me because that's how you get on the pension that's what I'm trying to get on the pension because when I left here a year and a half ago I was on the pension for delayed sleep phase disorder actually but now they've made it more strict so it's more difficult to get the pension because they don't want to just give money to people that don't really need the pension so it's more difficult to get on it so no they no longer accept you know delayed sleep phase disorder they don't accept disassociative sorry disassociative personality disorder and they don't accept schizotypal personality disorder either disorder like this is all like human and we all react in different ways our bodies are all made differently and when you say that this is what is normal or this is what it should be then you're boxing people up and back to my main point which leads on from this is that the government is is making things really really strict where you have to have something that they consider a mental disorder so so they have to diagnose me with schizophrenia and the thing is that's really kind of all they know they only know like a what I think I think they know borderline which they don't use borderline much but they do use bipolar so we got bipolar which is like manic depression and you have schizophrenia and these are the two camps that they really really push there's one other schizoaffective so we got like schizoaffective I think it's like a cross between the two but these these diagnosis are are really bullshit and really subjective like there is no objective evidence to prove anything that they're saying and not only that a lot of the manifestations of their description of schizophrenia are things that the government have done um part of part of uh mk ultra which developed into uh project blue bird which then was uh which then was enforced on everybody and that's what you got to realize about all of this is that these structures are testing what we do they're testing us they're actually like seeing what we'll do if we do this what will happen we do this they do that we do this they do that so they have this little camp which they call um a psychiatric ward and and they do human experiments in that camp and and they make us suffer a lot but they look at our results and they look at how they can control us i mean that's what that place is all about about hey this person is manifesting this we don't want to see that what experiments can we play on this person in order to avoid the manifestations in which we don't want so it has nothing to do with what's healthy but instead what the agenda is so what type of person they're creating for their beast society and and then they use that information and then apply it to a county and then they apply that to a state and then they apply that to a country and apply that to the whole fucking world like look at what you're dealing with and you're going to get affected by this the problem is this has all been hidden away from you before and prisons aren't really a lot different psychiatric wards give them a lot more freedom and they can come and go come and go and they can monitor over time and see like when they come back they can see what those results did but you got to see that this is going to going to affect you this is going to affect every individual on the planet so the things that are happening and just behind the scenes are really important because they're what will be implemented upon you at a later day so you really have to think about you know you let this all happen and you're you laugh at me for me being such an idiot but this is all going to come back on you and and not all going to but it has and will continue to why do you think they're so good at controlling you they kind of fail at controlling us the mental patients uh who who are so crazy that uh we think we're smarter than everybody because we can actually use logic and i'm not saying that because there's a lot of messed up people um but that are in the psychiatric wards but they're not getting better by being there and and most of the time the medicines aren't aren't helping or doing something different have ulterior your motives uh this this like blanket term of schizophrenia they can just like say anything like um are you are you hearing voices um are you seeing things that aren't there um are you talking to people that aren't there like this is what they call schizophrenia and they can take anything that you say or you do and they can like manipulate what it was to form like a different thing that happens so this guy isn't making documentaries he's not a philosopher making films about philosophy and sociology and uh psychology and theology and mythology and technology uh and education this crazy guy's just making films talking to himself about weird stuff like so they won't put the facts down they put like a manipulation of the facts and and the thing is you gotta realize that most of these people are high up on the are like high up i mean high up as far as our our human form can get um like within occult practices which means they're probably not doing good things anyway and something weird that one of the doctors asking he's like so freemasons you you can walk around and see them so you know that guy's a freemason that guy's a freemason like no I would have to do research or like yeah that guy's wearing the Freemason ring or that Freemason hat like you're gonna try to extract that's what they do they try to extract information in which they can then twist and then direct, misdirect and it's all about an agenda And it's all about how to most effectively control people.

And this method in which they're utilizing to most effectively control people is making people really, really stupid. Because people are now too afraid to stand up to anything. People are now too afraid to have an original thought or idea or something that's outside of the social norms. so anything that society now doesn't say that exists it can't exist and it's not like there's no way for it to be manifested because they've removed that potential which means that we end up doing anything that they want us to do and we really have to be careful about all of this this is all so important and if I can just get through to you if I can just transfer what's in my mind what's in my heart what's in my body even my body's tough as nails I mean look at this like remember that guy came he head-butted me like really fucking hard and and and his head split open and fucking blood just like flew kind of it gushed and flew out of his head like i'm a conditioned person like and you really like is this is the psychiatric ward gonna write that um and if they did write that okay so this guy um is uh would you say oh he's martial artist that has been training for 22 years and during that training he underwent conditioning so there's the truth right body conditioning and mind conditioning wow I did and spirit conditioning like it was all in martial arts but here's what they'll do is they'll say subject has been known to take wooden swords and hit himself repeatedly with those wooden swords so that would be what they twist it to do you see what i'm saying like we can no longer be like human we can no longer do what we want to do we can no longer manifest even goodness into this world like goodness is so hard to manifest in any type of goodness that is allowed isn't real goodness when they say love they don't mean love that's not what they're meaning they're this love this beast love is not love and and you can easily see it because the more and more they push it the more evil and the more evil we get so if you look at the results of the action instead of just the action don't isolate the action you have to you have to examine the results of those actions the fruits of the labors if you examine the fruits you'll be able to make an accurate uh accurate portrayal make an accurate profile of individuals just by examining their fruits and that's why do that with everything look at all the businesses and look at their fruits I'm not saying hey look at this look at IBM making a chip I'm what I'm saying is look at what it took and look what IBM did to make that chip and not only that look at what's in that chip and look at what is in that chip that you don't know about and and not only that look at the results the results of that chip being implemented and distributed throughout society short-term and long-term like look at the fruits that's all I can say is fruits will tell you all about the source of those fruits and and you can see that the government has nasty fruits really nasty fruits I mean look at the cops now look at the military now like in Mexico the military it is now the police um and and it's and it's getting like that everywhere like our police are being militarized and why would that be I've gone on too much and in this episode I've given away a lot of secret information that I was kind of supposed to drip how can I do shows like this how can I spend this amount of time giving you this amount of information and much of it secret information and how much do i know that i'm not telling you everything has a plan everything has a time and it's waiting for that time and yes today was the time today and mostly today and some of yesterday like it came real quick. And I guess that's just to give you a small taste of what it is that's coming

out of me, what it is that's inside of me. And if that's inside of me, and I can give you over a thousand hours of amazing footage, amazing films, and I can continue to do that on a daily basis then what is the source what is this what is this what are we looking at and then my fruits so look at my fruits and then look at the source okay you do that and then you'll be able to understand okay here here okay you do that and you'll be able to one judge me accurately but you have to do it accurately you have to assess like really assess not like oh okay like this episode was crap so you're talking craps like you have to really look at what I'm saying and then look at the fruits and you can see the direction and if you can see the direction I'm going you can see where I'm going to go next This is important. I'm giving you away information that is true for everybody. Okay, so if I'm going to go from here to there and you can see that line, then you can see the line further and further.

And the more and more you think about it, the further you'll be able to see. Which not only means that you will obtain the gift to be able to know approximately what I'm going to say next, but it will also give you, bless you, with the ability to do that with everyone. like I hear what someone says and I can I know what they're gonna say and and it's kind of annoying because sometimes I'll like I'll talk and I'll get really passionate and I'll say and then someone's like you're not letting me speak you're not letting me speak but the thing is I know exactly what they're gonna say because I did let them speak and from their beginning i was able to put together the middle and then the end like accurately every time so even though they're getting frustrated because i'm not listening to them the truth is they're just stupid and and have to give me way more information than i require in order to put a picture to put a puzzle together and this is the result that open source education open source learning this camera method that I'm showing you will pass on to you you will be able to gain this ability so you can do this with other people and you can do this with uh with yourself because I mean you have to learn yourself first because if you don't know what direction you're going then how do you know what's in here like assess yourself do that on yourself first because then you'll be able to see far into where you're going to go but so we were speaking about individuals but let's place this on a collective so if if you know the source of the collective and you've judged their fruits over a long period of time you're gonna know what they're gonna do next approximately mostly like and in the small parts that you might be a little inaccurate to be honest they're irrelevant they have it doesn't matter like the picture was created that's what's so awesome about philosophy because when you study philosophy you're not really studying philosophies I mean the people that don't study philosophy will study philosophies right but you're really studying the philosopher you want to study a philosophy study the philosopher you'll understand the philosophy really really well and you'll not only understand the philosophy but where that philosophy can go the potential that it has for the future um which is why so all philosophers are made like real philosophers that work with their heart right they're really amazing people because they can take everything that um the philosophers of our past have said and then they can bring those ideas those uh those conceptions those uh passions into not only our present but into the future and when you collect people like when when you collect even whether they're fictional when you collect when you collect buddha and then let's collect socrates and then let's collect jesus and we can collect uh Nietzsche and Kierkegaard and Diogenes and um and I said Plato um I think uh and and even Hume like so even some of the ones that weren't as good like like they were really good they were just different um like a lot of these I can connect with I can uh tell you very clearly because they're kind of me they are me they're in me but the ones that aren't me and aren't in me like there's like like Hume for example um there was some really powerful things in which uh he shared philosophers have this awesome ability to um to learn knowledge in a way that that knowledge becomes living. So it's not static. It is constantly developing

and becoming better and better, more accurate, more articulate, more specific, more flowing.

We have this ability to take thoughts and in our minds play them out. And we are trained

to be able to do this from the beginning so i get this book from this philosopher the first thing i'm doing is i'm thinking about why this guy is saying this to be honest i'm not really thinking about what he's saying at that point i'm thinking why i mean you guys could have avoided all this if you did that with me like why is this guy saying all this oh this guy wants to marry my daughter oh and the thing is it's gonna happen now I mean you can kill me so kill me and you'll delay it for a little bit until I'm back um but but what I'm trying to say is that you guys could have known all of this from the beginning if you just like even okay so the meaning of life I gave tiny tiny really tiny hints right like really really like you can't know like humans can't know but the thing is philosophers they could know this is what you do with a philosophy major and this is why philosophy is so important and this is why you should study philosophy study everybody study philosophy so you study philosophy with your life you're going to get into a lot of fields i'm in many many many many many fields however i'm a philosopher right so that one thesaurus and then where it goes right so we all should become philosophers and once we become philosophers then we need to figure out where we belong in this world so the philosopher then needs to create the philosophy and that's not going to leave us with a gap if If we end up in a society where most of us are philosophers, it's not going to screw up our society, because these philosophers will then create amazing processes and organizations, structures, that can then accomplish great amounts, very efficiently. which means that the philosophers are thinking about how to get the work to do it for them which means that no matter what field they end up going into, let's say a philosopher decides to make reardon metal. See, why am I saying that? Why did I say that?

Right? You gotta know this stuff I can't spoon feed you everything i leave information there for you to then learn you can't learn just by me telling you i can't just keep telling you shit and you learn you have to analyze what it is i'm doing what it is i'm saying why it is that i'm saying that and after all of that then you can judge me and if you judge me before you're a fucking idiot so you only have the right to judge me after you analyze what i'm saying then you analyze why i'm saying it then you can judge me and if you're smart if you calculated correctly there's only one answer to that obvious here is your answer save your fucking children and this time I'm not going to say or I will reap your fucking worthless soul although that is true but just do it because it's the right thing to do



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



26-The-Antichrist-Superstar-5-V-Watchmen

I'm doing something that I've wanted to do from the beginning. We stopped playing those war games that cost us a fortune. You know, we're spending a fortune every number of months. We're doing war games with South Korea.

And I said, what's this costing? We're flying planes in from Guam, and we're bombing empty mountains for practice. And I said, I want to stop that, and I will stop that. And I think it's very provocative, especially, George, since we're getting along.

But the president was eager to talk, and we sat down right after they signed that agreement.

We saw you sign the agreement right in this room. You also said you developed a special bond with Kim. Describe that bond. Well, it's been a very intense day, and as you know, we discussed things over the last few months.

You did? You've spoken with him before? I have spoken, yes. I have spoken to him. I've spoken to a lot of his people.

As you know, his, I would say, very top person was at the White House last week. And so we've developed a pretty good relationship in terms of getting something done. It got done. I think it's a terrific document.

It's a starter, but it's a terrific document. I think far more. And there are things that we negotiated after that document that are also very important. They're going to get rid of certain ballistic missile sites and various other things.

We're going to put that out later. but we have the framework of getting ready to denuclearize North Korea. Yeah, and the phrase in the document is complete denuclearization. Come on. Come on. Come on. You can do it. It's not too hard. Come on. Come on. I know you're shaped, but you can do it.

Complete de-what? Complete what? The nuclearization of the Korean Peninsula, does that mean that the nuclear umbrella that we have over South Korea is on the table for negotiation? No, that means that they're going to get rid of their nuclear weapons.

We never even discussed the other. They're going to get rid of their nuclear weapons, George. And I think they want to do it relatively quickly. Now, we're going to see.

I mean, they're going to start working on it immediately. We're going to work with South Korea. We're going to work with Japan. We're going to work with China.

But it really has been an incredible exercise. You've set the bar for nuclear agreements by criticizing the Iran nuclear deal. You said it's the worst deal ever made. Does that mean that any deal with North Korea has to be tougher than the Iran deal?

I don't think a deal could be softer. First of all, we're not paying $150 billion, okay? We're paying nothing from that standpoint, other than you will see what happens. I think there's going to be a great partnership with Japan and with South Korea.

President Moon has been terrific. But they have to get rid of- Prime Minister Abe has been terrific. They have to get rid of all their nuclear weapons, all their nuclear fuel. Yes, they will. I think they will. I really believe that he will.

I've gotten to know him well in a short period of time. Yeah, sure. It's denuking. I mean, he's denuking the whole place, and he's going to start very quickly.

I think he's going to start now. They'll be announcing things over the next few days, talking about other missile sites, because there were, as you know, they were sending out a lot of missiles. There was a period of time where I was saying, what are they doing? Every week, it seems, another missile went up.

I mean, they're going to be getting rid of sites. Is he going to stop testing? He's going to stop testing. Well, he already has.

You know, we have, how many months has it been, George 7, where there's been no missiles going up? And he's committed to not starting that up again? Oh, he's committed to not do that. It won't be happening.

That won't be happening. He means it. He really wants to do something.

Wow.

Insane.

There's virtually everything in sight, a very gray and grim scene. It's there where so many families lost loved ones. The death toll right now stands at 75, but that number is expected to grow. 192 people right now confirm missing.

And before Tuesday's eruption, Guatemalan officials had told us they were already planning on having a meeting to discuss how much longer they'd continue the search for survivors, now saying it's unlikely they'll find anyone else alive. Michael? All right, thank you so much for that, Victor. For just as the lightning comes from the east and flashes as far as the west, therefore open your...

Does this passage make sense to you now, considering all that we have been studying over this course? you believe in this means that the rest of my money went back to my Mexican card which I no longer have because I'm no longer in Mexico which means that I just lost 200 dollars very strange because I took that card off of my Google account it's sad this is what I need I don't know why the story of Enos Shaka gets to me so much, but it really does, and I've never been affected this deeply by a story like this, and this story goes back a long time, like, you can just look, I think it's the televised revolution, and that's where the story started, and you can watch it, but time doesn't heal this, it's so terrible, it really affects me, that story here it is it's not officially uploaded yet so if you want to watch it you have to watch it on my Vimea here in stupid world they do not count real work as working Pegasus get a hold of one of those they might fit what you wanted to do pretty well yeah 18 times isn't isn't too bad yeah hmm what do you you reckon that 5G will do to the nanoshites in our bodies? For when completeness comes, what is in part disappears. This is the world's God, not my God do not work for food that spoils but for food that endures to eternal life which I am giving you I think the last episode is going to be really long it's been sinking for like 12 hours now that was a really cool episode I can't wait to watch it it was really fun to make I will email them the last episode and tell them I should be involved and they should pay for my ticket no it was crappy it only supported Python 2 not 3 I think that Microsoft has really done an amazing job at this remote desktop app that they have it's really cool because I can use the mouse anywhere keyboards really easy to access it auto resizes so I can easily use the screen see you'll see see so now I have like a different size screen it's really a beautiful app I used to hate Microsoft but now I'm liking it more and more Windows is getting better and better I used to be all about Linux because it's open source how time changes things you used to have to reinstall windows like every two to four weeks if you did a lot of testing on it because the operating system would get corrupted and linux didn't do that you could have an operating system of like debian or slackware or something like that and it would just stay uncorrupted for a long long long long time and if something did get corrupted it was always something that you could usually fix like windows 98 was terrible xp was terrible um 7 was really terrible 8 was really really terrible and then 10 and intense actually i kind of like 10 uh i'm going to make microsoft open source it'll happen all of these things that i'm telling you they're going to happen because I am who and what I say I am because I don't take no for an answer and everything that I am saying can be logically backed up with evidence as to why that's the right thing to do and if our businesses can't do the right thing to do when logic states that it's the right thing to do then why are we allowing our businesses to operate Facebook YouTube all of them but Facebook and YouTube are the main candidates because they're censoring everything everything important that you need to know I don't care how long my videos are as long as they don't exceed 4 gigabytes I think it was song of wind And the final episode was almost 4GB, that's the closest it ever came.

And the only reason that happened was because the episode before I had 4 different cameras and I split the screen and I showed different things happening on each camera and then put it in a video so the screen was like a window like split into four sections and the episode after that I just put them together consecutively so I had the footage that wouldn't even be a very interesting video to watch I think that's probably the only video that I've ever made that doesn't really have much additional content I just did that because I wanted to keep all the footage it's still really good to watch though if you want to but it's really long just watch the episode before it that's enough you'll you'll see what I mean if you get around to it um dear once you watch all of my films that's when we can become a really serious item so that's your job it will be done after this for now. I guess that I'll back up my archive directory there as well considering how I'm getting rid of Dropbox. However, I have all the data that I really care about having now, uploaded in lots of places on the internet. It's not able to be deleted or removed from our human bank of information anymore. My evil plan. The only thing that I'm missing that I'm aware of

is the open source university launch. And I'm not sure how that disappeared. I think though that I could no longer find it after I was imprisoned or maybe incarcerated the first time in a psychiatric ward. I don't really remember when it was that I lost it, but I'm sure there's fragments somewhere on the internet. So if you can find me the launch to open source university

that was filmed in front of the new parliament house, then I would appreciate you sharing it with me. I think it was in front of the new parliament house. If it wasn't, it was the old parliament house. That's really good. Learn some Python. Why would you not do that? This is not

true because they will. They are just waiting for me soon. Are you ready for it? Soon something big is going to happen hidden in plain sight why do you think that is wow can't you see how our weather is going crazy you are so stupid for not seeing that this is all prophecy coming to fruition hmm I wonder why that is animated who are they targeting I saw it from the beginning but none of you believed me as if a huge reap what is this thing on top of it really strange finding out that Wi-Fi and cell phones act pretty much the same on the brain, they begin to break down the blood-brain barrier and what's interesting about that is the blood-brain barrier is what protects us from a lot of things that would invade and infest our brains and therefore affect such things as the autonomic nervous system and cell phone radiation is one of those things and many people are saying One, it causes the brain to leak.

Number two, it causes the brain to break down over time. And now they're suspecting, and the only way to know this is to do long-term research. And I mean extremely long-term research, 20 and 30 years long, what we call longitudinal studies. But they're beginning to suspect, and this is pretty much in unison, that this is going to be linked to not only brain tumors and death from cancer in that regard, but things like alzheimer's and dementia and it only makes sense because you're breaking down the cognitive processes don't ever hold a cell phone up to your ear i mean ever never never unfortunately we live in a wi-fi environment and i'm not sure what we can do about it unless we get somewhere around 80 to 90 percent of the people saying no and hell no we're not going to put up with this because the powers that be aren't going to take it down until we make them take it Too late. Why do you think that they've been conditioning us with evolution?

Because it's time for us to evolve. Don't forget the Georgia Guidestones. How else would you accomplish such a feat? I'm just going to check it every once in a while.

There's actually quite a few courses that I would love to take from Zinva. They have a lot of really interesting courses. However, I need that foundational course before I can take any of their other courses. Wow, that's one file.

I wonder how long that went for. Like maybe 25 minutes or something? There is no way that I'm going to be able to release this video by today, which is what planned for because it's very long and if there's any errors in it I'm gonna have to compile it produce it again and it's going to take a long time to convert it so it's going to be released tomorrow on the 16th oh my goodness like there's so much attached to me now with numbers if you think about it it's tomorrow is one six six six six six this calls for wisdom let the one who has understanding calculate my number which is Jesus with six six six oh oh it appears that I have to wait for technology to get cheap. Oh no, that's not what I want. One day. Even

if the video was short, I would not have time to submit it today. Whenever I'm not shaped, gaming will be super fast as you saw yesterday it was working when I was using the shaped speed they call it streaming speed whereas when I'm not shaped it's like faster than I've ever seen on a mobile connection I wonder how fast 5g is going to be that'll be kind of awesome in a scary way and for the most part now most of my data will be just uploading these raw video files and the rest will be from this session which means I don't really have a lot of data that I would be using like I used this month I'm on the cloud now baby because I got their flagship which was released what was it a few days after I got the camera when I needed unlimited oh that's such a coincidence isn't it there is no such thing as coincidences what number did you see there whoa to the entire human race who call evil good and good evil who put darkness for light and light for darkness who put bitter for sweet and sweet for bitter but it is okay I will play your it's the 14th some reason I was thinking that it was the 15th oh well I think probably I could put this video out on the 16th oh well that's pretty cool ivory can you see how some videos take a day and some take two days and some take three days and I don't know maybe some take a week I can't probably not but it really depends on the topic and the resources that come available during the time of your research during that topic and uh and your time like how you have to spend your time and what's going on in your life so it's all integrated so you're really giving your whole heart doing this to everybody so like my heart's here you got my physical body girl like and i got your physical body i will i will like the thing that's so amazing about this is we can give our minds and we can give our spirits to the physical is reserved for those who are special to us. You, dear girl, are the most special person to me. And you, dear girl, are the most special person to the entire world. And here you go, dear girl, because

here is the truth. You are the most special person to God. Be the light. Because in order to save the world, my love, we had to flip it. Look, I don't know how to make this any

clear. That's her. She's clothed with me. Give her everything. That child, she labored to give birth

to me. She's my real mother. And look, I've cut it all on camera. I've cut it all on camera.

You can see. Like really. Open your eyes. Open your eyes. I've existed. If it was not for her,

and now it's time to find her it is that's her yep it's in the dark ages I was right about so many things from the very beginning but the thing with prophecy is it can be interpreted in many ways and reinterpreted and tell you different things at different times that's what's so good about it there's so many different meanings the abomination that causes desolation really is pedophilia because it's going to do it but we have to do it because you screwed it up because you you made humans like screwed up by doing it the real jews not those who say they are jews but she can be protected better by my side i can protect her please trust me with her god i don't know are we the two witnesses too i don't care yeah lies yeah sure yeah oh sure if lies you say everybody let's all go to heaven yes let's go to heaven yes let's have peace let's Denuclearize! Yes! Peace! Peace! Peace!

Nothing is impossible unless your mind can't use logic. I am well known. I'm very well known. Lots of people know me.

I only need more than one after I finish with you if you're smart. I am! Like, when I'm not on YouTube, look at how many views I get! Maybe most of my people don't like me.

I think they're just scared of me, to be honest.

Count.

Let's see. Let's see what they do.

If they do the right thing, then you should get one, too. We can all get one. It'd be awesome. It's called a revolution.

Or maybe a revelation.

Why don't I have any sponsors? Why don't I receive free technology? to test out and if it works well advertise why do businesses try to stay away from me why do they not care and why do they not provide me with their equipment so that i can promote it for them it's not very smart when i started all of this before i started all of this before uh... i started Making like videos in this format. I contacted lots of different businesses trying to get sponsored

Trying to receive the technology so that I could Film it so I could test it and work with it and get it all refined Like we're not very smart in this world We prefer To do the wrong thing instead of the right thing.

There are so many, many, many, many, many more.

I have exposed countless businesses over my career filming. Yes, this is a career. You'll see. because star now is used and trusted by satanist aka idiots triple cast where are you where are you they reply really quickly you can see really quickly seven seven seven seven seven seven seven seven seven seven seven seven seven where are you hello hello hello hello we think we live in a world without consequences to our actions it's all catching up on you because i was smart enough to press the record button when you were being really really really really really stupid I have been wanting one of these for many years now.

You can't get stuff like that in Mexico. It was quite annoying. Their technology is so behind there. And not only that, it's really expensive for technology in Mexico.

And you can't post it because everybody steals from the post. so it's not reliable at all like everybody knows it that they're like oh if i post it it's questionable whether it'll be received yeah hmm we'll see if we get it this show

thank you god for bitch ute i wonder if you're australian my love Some Aussies have really cute accents. I can't wait to hear yours. Some Aussies have really nasty accents. Don't have one of those.

People are going to be hearing your voice for the rest of your life. So now it's time to fine tune it. Where is my mind? Where is my mind? Where's my mind?

Behold, we are coming in the clouds. And every eye will see us. Even idiots who make stupid decisions will cry on account of her. Oh, that was a crazy episode. That's a lie. That always says more than it is. I mean, that's the truth. That always says more than it is, so it won't be that size because it's the truth.

Where is my mind? Where is my soul? Where is, where is my mind? Where is my soul? Where is...

From the Common Sense Show, he said that never put a phone up to your head. And I agree with that. And I've always hated it. And that's why I've always used speaker phones.

But cheap phones always have crappy speakers, so it's really hard to understand people. So I've always hated the phone. I've always done everything that I could in my potential to avoid talking on the phone. because i often have trouble understanding what the person says and it's not really clear communication at all um that's why i like this phone because it's a lot louder and a lot clearer but you still kind of get that like i don't know like we got all this awesome technology but our phone calls still really suck the quality still sucks for both internet and landlines like All phones, like we haven't perfected this audio technology when it comes to communicating, live communication using it, which I think video is going to take that over.

maybe even uh holograms i don't know we'll have to see what's in store for our future for those that survive will you survive how good is your pineal gland because they are stealing our breath of light from us. This was all planned. What do you do to ensure that people don't catch on? Make a new term. And then you reverse its meaning. Because chronic exposure to

electromagnetic radiation reduces the secretion of the neurohormone melatonin from the pineal gland. Here's your source. I know, I'm crazy. I'm just making things up. Psychological operations

are planned operations to convey selected information and indicators to audiences to influence their emotions, motives, and objective reasoning. And ultimately, behavior of governments, organizations, groups, and individuals.

But here's the thing, eventually. you get tortured over a long period of time you stop caring you become immune exempt just conspiracy don't worry about it they're crazy I mean I'm crazy they're not crazy because they did official stuff I'm crazy for releasing it and talking about it trying to warn you so many freaking secrets but it's not like I can just go hey everybody um look look look look what I'm talking about Christ oil being taken away from us like Christianity they wanted to de de-christianize the world they're taking our Christ oil away from us which is responsible for not only rejuvenating our body and protecting us and boosting our immune system but also there's more there's something magical in this that that gives us heart that gives us logic even that gives us love that gives us care that gives us particularity but they just want the whole world to hate each other and beat each other's throats and if your pineal gland is not secreting uh then that's what's happening calcification um what are they putting in your water like all of these things that they're doing are are destroying our pineal glands and this is what is called the seat of the soul they are removing your souls from you they are taking away the magic of our world that god created because they want to be like god but they're doing it all backwards so they thought if they just do the worst things possible and just continue to do that and cover up cover it all up then uh they could become god and kind of that's what they've done because now they have the internet which sees and hears all like the internet is their new god and this internet is similarly structured to god's internet and i'm definitely going to migrate when when all of this is over to the real network the real network and it's not this network it's it's divine and and to be honest we don't really need this technology to do it because the technology is inbuilt within our biology but when you trick us when you get us to not care about developing ourselves when you get us focused on menial tasks and when you get us focused on someone else's work working as slaves so we can't look inside that's what they don't want us to do then uh then it makes us terrible people and it makes us inconsiderate and it makes us uh not think logically and it makes us uh it makes our i mean all of these things calcifies our pineal gland and or does some type of damage to our pineal gland which is then responsible for for creating goodness and kindness and love and and the thing is is that this is like a muscle the more you use it the more you use it the better and stronger it will become my pineal gland is amazing and I would not be surprised at all if had the largest healthiest pineal gland in all of the world and as a result look at me this is the results of a healthy pineal gland and they know that so what do they do How do they get you to perceive me? Are you making those decisions through careful analysis and consideration? Am I crazy because you personally decided I'm crazy after an assessment? Or did you just decide that because you were told

to decide that you need to start exercising your pineal glands right now you need to get out of your jobs you need to get out of your schools you need to get out of the system out of the beast come out of the beast now please come out of the beast right now because we don't have much longer luck come out of the beast all of these systems the jobs everything you see the roads the the transport, the government, the businesses, everything you see there that's connected. It's all the beast. Get out! Get out!

And you got to do it collectively. I'm not saying every single one of you has to do it, but you know, even if like two or three percent of our population does that, then that's it. That is it. And if I can't convince two or three percent of the population, even one percent of the a population to do that, I tried my best.

Congressman, please heed the call Don't block up the hall For he that gets hurt Will be he who has stalled Outside raging Will have seen shake your windows And rattles for the time Ever-changing Brothers and fathers Throughout the land Don't criticize what you can't understand Your sons and your daughters I'll be on your command Your old road is rapidly aging Please get out of the new one If you can't lend your hand For the time re-changing Curse it is cast It'll be fast as the present now Will later be past Be fading And the first one asked For the time Senators, congressmen, please heed the call Don't stand and lay, don't block up the hall For he that gets hurt will be he who has stalled They battle outside raging We'll seem to shake your windows and rattle your walls For the times are a-changing Fathers throughout the land Criticize what you can't understand You are beyond your command Your old road is rapidly aging Please give your candle and your hand For the time have grown Accepted that soon you'll be drenched to the bone If your time is worth saving You better start swimming or you'll sink like a stone Or the time is reaching Listen to the sound of the trumpets But if the watchman sees the sword coming And does not blow the trumpet To warn the people And the sword comes and takes someone's life that person's life will be taken because of their sin but I will hold the watchman accountable for their blood what do you think's going to happen with this world when no one has a soul anymore based on a lie No, you can't do this. On Mars.

It's not knowledge. I don't know what you call knowledge.

This is what I built it to do. Doesn't make sense. It's not logical You guys don't have knowledge all of my posts Don't be politically correct if you're going to swear though Do it with meaning. This is a lie anyway. I'm gonna say a shitload

Idiots divine comedy my divine tragedy turned in to your divine comedy if you're going to swear have its origins rooted in love because these sinful people need to be punished and taught a lesson if I am to spend any any effort to try to save them. Because the only education out of which good can come is the education which teaches you to think for yourself. Welcome to Open Source University. Wow, that post. This is the first one that they have ever approved.

I kind of thought it was obvious. Is it just because I now provide you documentation? Oh, someone that's in your satanic science community verified the information for you, so now you know it to be true knowledge. yeah this word is not dated informal or offensive it is the truth about every single individual on this fucking planet. All have turned away. All have become corrupt.

There is no one who does good. Not even one. What form of punishment shall I utilize? Replace at young people with these idiots of this episode i have this whole month for this tv show enjoy



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



26-The-Antichrist-Superstar-6-VI-The-New-Law

Although I'm very happy that this company does not censor, this company is still fucking evil because you have to pay a membership and when you stop paying that membership, this happens.

So when you die, everybody loses access to your videos.

Corporate, corporation, we'll add them to my list. Wins ASAP, I thought of a time, but it's not worth it. I'll decide that. What is the point? Lose access.

That's right, they are a fucking useless experience. Oh, I hate when this happens. I have to reboot. What you are seeing is a new piece of microscopic footage showing bacteria, single-celled bacteria, actually reaching out something similar to what you could say was a harpoon or an arm, snatching up a piece of DNA, which is what you're seeing in the red here, and swallowing it.

And this is a first-of-its-kind recording. And so this astonishing new video showing this bacterium reaching out into space, snatching a piece of DNA is for the first time ever showing how microbes evolve. And it's the first observation of bacteria using appendages called pili to quote unquote harpoon loose pieces of DNA and then incorporating it back into the bacteria's own genetic structure. And this little recording here shows how single-celled organisms pull off a neat little trick called horizontal gene transfer that allows them the ability to adapt quickly to new environments. And so to put

that in layman's terms, say you are a person who has allergies. I have allergies in the summer. You have pollen floating around making you sneeze. So what do you do? You reach out and you grab a

piece of flesh or DNA from a friend of yours who doesn't have allergies. And you take that piece from his body, you stuff it in your mouth, you eat it, and then suddenly you are now impervious to the pollen around you and you no longer have allergies. And that is exactly what is happening here with this bacteria snatching a piece of stray DNA in order to grow and evolve. And so in this new experiment, they took this dye, this green dye that caused this bacterium to glow under the microscope, and they used this other dye to make the DNA, just stray pieces of DNA that you're seeing as these small little red spots, and they sat it in a petri dish next to the bacteria. They

added the DNA, and they were amazed to see this arm-like appendage begin snatching up these DNA pieces pulling it back and devouring it making the DNA a part of the bacterium and it goes to show that even at a micro level looking at these bacteria they are doing things that much larger organisms are doing and these are single cell bacterium and this is Tyler and he does secure team thank you Tyler I like him I like this but it's too big BW link they're calling it that's what I need to research so I need one of these that has BW link Wow I wish this one had it but nope like Chromecast kind of connecting to router hmm I wonder if it needs a router don't think so no because it's it's there this is what I want Unilink it's kind of like a router I think that looks really good but I can't really afford it but it's a good dream I'll be able to afford it eventually I'm just gonna watch it how long do I have left it looks like it might be permanent yeah well that's really cool that would be really nice to have that thing let me show you I mean you kind of already seen it it's the same thing I think yeah wow that's amazing I kind of want it I think I'm going to go without drugs for a a week. That would save me $60 and I was wanting to spend $60 on it. So go without drugs for a week and get a really cool projector. Be sure. When you're beside me, dear girl, I will smoke

less and I will do drugs less. However, when you get older, I would love to do soft drugs with you. Because it can help us connect deeply with each other while learning and expanding our hearts and minds together. in my pocket. That's exactly what I wanted. Powered in real time. To continue with my favorite

living author, there is something very special about Don Miguel Ruiz Sr. because when I read his work, it's like I'm reading ancient philosophy. Antichrist, Nietzsche expands on his view that the submissive nature of Christianity undermined Western society, depressing and sapping energy. Using a challenging, aphoristic style, he considers good and bad, Buddhism and Christianity, and criticizes the concepts of sin, faith, and pity as proposed in the Christian tradition, Declaring that they undermined a zest for life.

You can't see it in real life. You can't see it at all in real life. My other friend did it too.

It'd be cool to know what it is. I've shown people and they're like, what the fuck? What the fuck? If you know what it is, tell me, please.

Maybe some censor of some type. Oh, yeah.

Don Miguel Ruiz does write ancient philosophy because it's Toltec tradition which originated very close to where I was in Mexico however it's really special because he's still alive and he's writing amazing works and he's still alive and that's not really something you see very often because my favorite authors are all dead so like he's he's a very special person what I'm about to read to you is from his first book the four agreements which is his most significant book as the rest of his works are kind of based off those four agreements and from what i've seen that's the same with his children too but i do recommend you read the four agreements and the mastery of love is amazing too all of his works are amazing but ivory you have to focus on my work right now you have time later we have to save the world and then you have time to go through this, but let me just share this paragraph with you. Focus. We don't see the truth because we are blind. What blinds us are all of those false beliefs we have in our mind. We have the need to be right

and to make others wrong we trust what we believe and our beliefs set us up for suffering it is as if we live in the middle of a fog that doesn't let us see any further than our own knows. We live in a fog that is not even real. This fog is a dream, your personal dream of life. What you believe, all the concepts you have about what you are, all the agreements you have made with others, with yourself, and even with God.

Your whole mind is a fog which the Toltecs call a mitote. Your mind is a dream where a thousand people talk at the same time And nobody understands each other.

This is the condition of the human mind. A big mitote.

And with that big mitote, you cannot see what you really are. In India, they call the mitote Maya, which means illusion. It is the personality's notion of I am. Everything you believe about yourself and the world, all the concepts and programming you have in your mind, are all the mitote.

We cannot see who we truly are. we cannot see that we are not free oh really i'm gonna have to do that all again because the button didn't work actually i won't do that all again and i'll show you that this button is so stupid there's so many takes that i have to do again because i press that button and it doesn't record it's so annoying this camera is pretty good quality and i like the zoom but overall I hate this camera want a Sony I want to develop my own camera I want to develop a lot of different types of cameras I want a team I want to be able to do all the things that society has stopped me from doing all these years I have so many ideas and if I was just given the resources to be able to implement all of these ideas man the technology you would have but why do you think they keep me poor why do you like are you so stupid okay so let's go on to the dream of the planet because you have all these voices and and everyone has those and they're just and no one can communicate with each other and no one knows what each other's doing and we're all doing our own thing without working together because we don't know how to work together and we don't know how to effectively communicate with each other and we because we have all these voices and most of these voices are saying really bad stuff and we're not sure how to be able to differentiate right from wrong what's good from bad so like the big mitote in our heads like and like we have different we have the one that's in our heads of all the agreements that I've made about myself I think that pot's good, and I think that the legal synthetic pot crap is good, it's not very good, but the government doesn't care when I tell them I do it, so, like, and, like, all these agreements that I make that other people then make different agreements, and then we're fighting over those agreements, and, and none of us want to be wrong. but the thing is is that these agreements then get us to force ourselves on other people like i should be able to smoke pot if i want but then someone mitote has said that that pot's evil and is now forcing me not to is not allowing me to do it like because they're it's not they've been brainwashed by satanists to believe that a plant that god made that has countless medicinal properties is somehow bad for you it's just an example that i'm giving you like we have an agreement that we should use currency we have uh an agreement that we should live in like houses We have an agreement that we should pave areas to make roads. We have an agreement that we should make buildings and we should make them go up.

We have an agreement that we should spray chemtrails on each other. We have an agreement that we should sacrifice and eat our children. We have many, many agreements. and I have individual agreements so I break free of the mitote out there the fog of war I can see through it so I can make my own agreements I don't have to adopt others that have really an agenda behind them these agreements that society have has been implemented in that way for a very specific reason to cause an effect long term and when they get other people to agree with this like you know we shouldn't blow up YouTube some reason explosives are bad and I mean I know we shouldn't hurt each other but some reason we shouldn't like kick everybody out of a building and then blow it up and tell them to fuck off like some reason that's bad we have agreed upon that um so it's some reason bad to uh to try and stop censorship uh we have an agreement upon that like so we have all these society agreements so that's Out there, society agrees that it's awesome to hurt people like me, it's awesome to incarcerate people like me, it's awesome to torture people like me, and to force medications on people like me.

That's our agreement. Society has that agreement that we should be cruel to anything that stands out, that is something that we haven't seen before, something that's new and strange. We have an agreement that if there's someone that's being cruel or insulting or something, then we're not going to get involved unless we support that person. So if someone's getting bullied or something, then the general agreement is that let's not get involved.

Let's stay out of it. if someone's getting abducted by the police for exposing child exploitation and getting sent to prison without a record, without any records, and, like, we have an agreement to look the other way, and then when they come out, we insult them more. We have these agreements out there, and then we have these agreements in here. So we need to assess what agreements that came from out there that we put into here.

And then we need to decide which ones of these were bullshit and which ones of, like, we're not boxed in to what they're saying. So what's best for, here we go, listen, listen, the individual, the individual, that's what we lost. We're now looking at what's best for the collective. But you know what? You

can't do that. It's not possible. It's going to end in the apocalypse, no matter how you spin it. Because you can't force an individual to not be an individual. This hive mind shit

does not work with humans and you will destroy yourselves. You're taking, you're getting rid of your souls, you know, your pineal glands are being calcified, and the sacred secretion from all these broadcasts, these frequencies that are going through the air are screwing up our biological ability to develop ourselves personally, and that's making us very high minded so we're no longer we're no we're transhuman we're becoming transhuman so we're losing our humanity and we're becoming this hive mind because by biologically altering us then we can do that so so now we don't have to focus on the individual we can focus on the collective because by taking the soul away we can take away their creativity which then takes away their ability to be able to think as a as a soul individual and and this this entire process if we don't stop it now it's going to end up with a hive like you everyone's going to be the same and and there's going to be no reason to talk because everybody's just gonna or I mean look look at what people talk about now go anywhere and listen to the conversations that you hear around are they really saying I would be interested to go back a hundred or two hundred or five hundred years and listen to the kind of conversations that they have and then compare them to the kind of conversations we have nowadays I'm I'm I'm sorry I went on too long, but it was important for me to talk about the metote because we have agreements, like lots of voices that are saying lots of different things, and those things become common, and we get like social axioms and stuff like that that everybody thinks is true, is true, and even things like, you have a choice, you have free will, you chose to be homeless, you chose not to go and work, you, like, all of these things that I chose to do, I didn't choose to do, they were, like, so, by you saying that, oh, you have free will you chose it like you're pushing on me you're forcing on me you're leading me into something that i don't agree with and we have to be very careful about our language when doing this because by by doing this from the top trickling down over a long period of time we're all going to have those beliefs even if they're wrong like completely wrong even if logic says that they make no sense uh and we won't care we won't care if they don't make sense because that's the way it is sorry for my rant it was important and kind of scattered around the place but do you understand where i'm coming from like stop listening to the voices outside and you need to start listening to the voices inside and and then look outside so you gotta look in before you can look out and and once you do that you'll be able to contrast and then you make the decisions for yourself I'm not telling you what decisions you should make I don't really think I've ever said any specific decisions that I mean besides stuff like blow up YouTube blow up Google blow up Facebook like do that do that group together and do that like besides those specific things like I'm not telling you what to think and what to be I'm just logically assessing what you think and what you believe in and I'm throwing things out there that are logical way more logical than the crap you guys come up with and believe so and and the thing is the way it works no matter you're like even if you're you can say just the opposite but you're wrong um if i can prove that your argument is bullshit that it makes no logical sense and that my argument is logical and i can show you all the working out uh and then prove it practically so we got you know the the the theory and then we got the the practice like if i can do that then my argument trumps yours and that means my argument's law you want to talk about law maritime law is not law what i am teaching you right now is law and this trumps fucking government law which means that you can do things like blow up YouTube, you can blow up Facebook, go for it mate, please don't hurt anybody, be careful not to hurt anybody, but don't allow them to continue to practice, why are you allowing them to continue to practice, what is wrong with you, like, and you got to do this as a group, you can't be one person and do it, you got to like start grouping up and going, yeah, we're going to blow up YouTube, we're going to blow up Facebook, that's what you should be doing that is fucking law if there's any cops watching this right now that's the fucking law and you know what mr. cop you are breaking the law for not either one doing it or two supporting doing it because i just fucking made the law because i fucking made the logic that proves that your logic makes no sense and that my logic makes sense yeah yeah explosions are awesome let's explode all the shitty stuff we see in this world and let's try to be careful not to kill people doing it. That's you. I want you to be able to do it. It's everybody. This is the way. Unlimited.

Left behind? And told me not to do. No. Because they are the best VPS provider that I've had so far, and if they can get me that video card, if I can obtain the ability, play games, wow, and then I can probably convince them to do an Australian server, I don't know, like if, what does the future hold for us, everything keeps getting rejected, um, no, I didn't, I'm I'm not on premium for that.

Um, I don't want to upgrade that because I canceled it. Uh, I need to go to sleep. I won't treat you any different than anyone else either. Why am I?

How many souls have I automatically reaped? I wonder how many souls I've reaped over my lifetime. Off with this fucking head. Like that.

Your songs? See? This is really good! Yes? Do you understand? Good and bad?

This is good. This guy is virtuous. He is an amazing person and definitely a huge asset to humankind. What do you think I'm doing? What do you think I'm doing?

Fuck you, dickhead. hmm there's money on this Mexican card and it's all set up already but I don't have the card I thought the account was closed let's see if it works like $200 on the card maybe I should just buy lots of audiobooks with it if they won't give me a refund come on come on work work work yeah wow I did it yay don't have the card but I still managed to be able to get it. I know the book is public domain but this program for some reason is actually important to me because one, I buy the books and I get them forever and they follow me around everywhere. Two, it saves my place. Three, you can go back

30 seconds, four, 30 seconds, four, it works really really easily. Like it's just a great program 144 boom the money had to be used somehow it's on the mexican card i don't have that card

it was supposed to be there let's try again great i am just under that is like the second largest video i've ever made i think there we go two credits now and i guess i can just keep buying books until that card rejects me again love the symposium i love you plato um just gonna buy it thank you yep here of course i love you homer i think that's all i'll do for right now because if i keep doing it then they might block my card because they might think it was stolen or something so maybe tomorrow or something one more i got into philosophy because of ayn rand it was actually the fountainhead that got me into philosophy read is john gulp it's kind of expensive so i'm going to use a credit i'm addicted to the game they're so gonna cancel my card. I do that a lot in Mexico. When you buy a few things, they're like, oh, this bar is like buying like four items. Yeah. See, there you go. Wait a second. I read too

fast. I haven't seen this before on this website. What the crap? Makes no sense. Okay. I explain

very clearly. See? No. Can I please have the name, email, and billing address? So the email's

there. No. The name's there. And billing address. Can I please have the name, the email, and

billing address? Okay. They must have closed the account. Why? I don't have to cancel it.

Not to me, but from me and to me, that doesn't make any sense.

How can you have a business, Google, which you can't contact about payment problems? Like, I spent a long time trying to figure out how to contact them to figure out what's going on with this. And there's, like, absolutely no way that I can find. It's really ridiculous.

like we live in such a messed up world it's still working right now though the antichrist by friedrich nietzsche read by christopher oxford hmm so these did work i bet you my bank's with me i really hate being poor most of my life is trying to figure out how to do what you have stop me from doing so that i can give you an opportunity to be saved i don't know where the logic is in that i'm all about logic but i don't know my logic's faulty there i give my life to you and you see it and you see it every day every day and what do you do oh what do you do what do you you do nothing you give me nothing to do what God sent me here to do you treat me like shit and you see me giving it to you again and again every fucking day and you know what you make me homeless and you see me giving it to you and what am I supposed to do I write I wrote books that like I gave them away for free too but like you can buy them and and you can donate to me like what is wrong with you fucking people like there's a guy here that's spending his life giving it to you and you won't even support him so he can so he can fucking save you like what is your problem there's something really messed up with this world and I have to suffer every day and I have to try to figure out really, really, really creative methods in order to be able to survive. I go hungry often. I go without cigarettes often. And I know you go, oh, you shouldn't be smoking because you're a fucking poor homeless dickhead.

Well, you know what? You're fucking going to hell. Like, I don't want you to go to hell. And to be honest, you have time left. You have some time left.

And, you know, I act like you don't. but i'm doing that for shock factor to try to try to wake you up um fucking let me help you and fucking give me some resources so i can do it like all of this shit that i'm doing is for you it's to try to show you like how we can go beyond our problems and and it works it works open source university works open source university is the best most innovative technology in the entire world and here the one who invented it and gave it to you for free you're making fucking poor and like struggling to survive on a day-to-day basis and and not only that you stick me in psychiatric wards and prisons and and like you treat me like shit what is wrong with you people i'm not a big spender this stuff is very cheap and just think about what you have that functions as that so i have a projector that i just bought and it cost me 140 dollars you have a tv and how much did that tv cost you like I'm trying to be able to survive and flourish in the circumstances that you have inflicted upon me and during that I'm trying to help you too because I know you're the one that's sick you're the and the resources that I'm using I spent all my money on these resources to then give you this so like my money is spent to feed i'm giving you and i starve and i'm feeding and i'm feeding and i starve and you're not doing anything to let me have a living let me be comfortable like anything that you send my way is coming right back at you because that's my life i am yours Please, please, please wake up and give me the resources that I require to do my God-given job.

It's everything that I do.

My life revolves around you. and i end up in situations where i have a lot of financial difficulties because i'm spending money on trying to reach you trying to save you trying to show you the path right and this is just fiver this is only fiver like my whole life it's everything it's everything and it then like you want me to be poor you think i deserve to be poor or like look what i'm doing how many people do this like just open your eyes how stupid are you guys like really really really really just Look man look and at the end of the day You tell me to kill myself You send me a link to lifeline? What is wrong with all of you?

This is gonna be crazy some reason authority figures nowadays Just use this they say it's irrelevant They say what you posted is irrelevant to the topic, even if it's not, so it doesn't matter if you're talking about that topic like lots, they'll just say, oh, it's irrelevant, you've been blocked. None good, no, not one, Ru's team? I don't want to speak to the Ru's team, I want to speak to the man himself. I'm sure that's a Y, because everything in Canberra starts with a Y.

Tiger? Tiger? Meow. Tiger?

Tiger? Tiger? Tiger? I'm allergic to you.

My eyes are itching. I need to gulp up some DNA from someone who isn't allergic to you. They cry the eyes. Oh yeah.

We treat our toys. Ivory, are you allergic to cats? If not, can I eat your DNA? No.

No. Okay, so it's IR frequency or something. Yeah. So if it's the IR frequency, then what's, is that infrared?

It's infrared? Well why didn't the manual tell me it was infrared? What is the objective for the groom. infinitive to groom Jaren grooming how awesome is this look what Adam gave me it's really really cool yeah um he wants me to test it out with this but yeah I don't get this but these are cheap anyway these are like 20 bucks and I got a little controller how cool oh no this is too big no no see I don't even know how to turn it back on because the buttons hidden oh it's saying power power yeah see it's pressing the buttons it's really it's pressing the buttons okay so I just unscrew this and hopefully yeah that works And then, I can just stick that in.

Oh! Perfect! With the case! Oh!

I'm going to put it in the thing after I load it. Do I look stupid? No. It feels kind of bulky.

Yeah, no, it's not a thousand dollars hands on mine. Do you know those little bottles of alcohol so it's big? Okay. What did you do with his hands?

I cut his hands off so he can't do any more evil. Some people say he was implanted with a chip in his head that made him like fully satanic like that upgraded his biology to be yeah he was oh when you don't speak the language yeah yeah it's in a maroon packet all right they're pork flavored and they go oh see you fool I said no pork flavored yeah it's Japanese just talk normally okay so tell us about what you know about this what's this called suboxone okay and what is it this is what they give to people that have drug addictions on heroin heroin smack any type of downtown illicit drug. Okay. This is how they, the government deals with the people. They give

them these strips to stay hooked on heroin. Okay. Yes. And it doesn't take them off the heroin. It just allows them to use heroin. Okay. So are these people that are originally

addicted to heroin? Yes. Okay. So these. And then they get addicted to these. Yes. Are

there any other drugs other than that that they give that you know of? No, no. They It's only that one. They give Suboxone.

It's only that one. Yup, Suboxone. And you'll find majority of people will then shoot these up. Okay, so tell us how that works, please.

Act like we don't know anything, because we don't. I don't really know much. I don't do it, so please educate us as to what happens. Okay, well, the person will remove the film.

If they do this in prison as well, they will remove the film and they will soak it in water, they will reheat it, and they will inject it with a syringe. Yes. because the government says it's legal okay it's your legal drug and what happens when you're on it well lots of bad stuff lots lots the the main cause of this is it will collapse your veins therefore in the long run a person that uses needles will not be able to use needles again after using this medication and that's what the government wants therefore majority of people that have used this lead to suicides oh okay um so they're kind of forcing the people to have this it's very similar to the psychiatric model um enforcing antipsychotics uh on people who are schizophrenic right so that's what they did with me so we're like two sides of the spectrum of society right all right go on please okay so we'll take a break okay yeah okay so how does one get hooked on heroin please enlighten us well it's a drug that kills all pain therefore once you try it once you pretty much want it again and again and again and again it's worse than cocaine speed amphetamine okay name it it's worse than it it's worse than a sexual addiction okay what um drives you to want it to kill the pain okay so your pain of society and all of the pressure that society causes upon us young people okay so how does this pressure happen do you think like is it our schools is it our government is it our education system is it or is everything is it yes okay so it's enforcing so if it had normal society people in every single part of the system instead of just a committee board for all of the system would be all right okay so it's about control there's a central controlling force telling us to do something that we don't want to do it yeah this will rot your teeth within a year of taking this you'll have no teeth none been using for 17 years and I've only lost one tooth due to a fight but these one year of use you will have no teeth left okay so that's what the government says is okay and then we have to pay for our dental bills and then they have to say that they're forking out money for us drug addicts with our dental well then don't give us things that destroy our teeth don't give us things that destroy us if you don't want us to destroy ourselves okay yes um could this all be linked maybe to the GMOs and food as well like it has completely well have you seen the chemtrails as well um do you know what chemtrails are and these have metals in them and then we're in we're ingesting these metals and we have metals the government will try and get it into our system with us not knowing okay what about the water the water is perfect do you know why i haven't brushed my teeth in over 10 years and i've got every single teeth oh so it's perfect water it's been drugged with uh the calcium calcium yes uh calcium look at this perfect and i don't brush yes so this calcium buildup could maybe uh calcify a pineal gland do you know what a pineal gland is okay so this process is trying to get in the pineal gland you know what that's responsible for not exactly but yeah so so the pineal gland is uh they call it the Christ oil and when you're a child it's very large right and that because you're creative and you see knowledge where then we get enforced with something that they call knowledge and then it calcifies our pineal gland and what they're trying to do is they're trying to basically numb us yeah the the pineal gland has actually been called the seat of the soul have you heard that before so they're trying to take our souls maybe is what do you think about that topic I believe they're trying to take take our individual thoughts so our essence maybe who we are I was on heroin for eight years yes eight years I used heroin and I hopped off once I felt pregnant at the age of 14 okay and I was already on it for eight years I've been here since the age of seven oh if I went through detox or rehab I'd be on this still to this day and I'm 29 years old and I'm not I went cold turkey i went without and i hurt for many years and it was worth it so do you think that if society removed these pressures if they were just like blown up and no longer existed do you think that if you could live your life again under those circumstances that you would have been drawn to that drug when you live a really happy life no no way so no way so you think that it was the actual pressures that pushed put you in those situations it was the pressure of knowing that i had a madam as a mother that owned many brothels and in that lifestyle in society's eyes you have to use drugs you have to be corrupted and me i'm not i'm not full of corruption and i don't want to be corrupted i want to be innocent and i want to stay the way that i am wow that's such an inspiration these people aren't who they are so you you admit freely that this drug is a bad drug yeah this drug will ruin everybody everybody and anybody that takes this is ruined and i'll give you an example because i'm actually stopping someone from getting on heroin right now and i'm giving these away i'm not selling them i'm giving them away to this person that's going to need i'll let you film them from far yeah I've been filming it a lot I've been filming okay so could you also talk about do you want to take a break and you can have a cigarette yeah okay we'll do that how does one make law how does one over run it okay so we So we scanned this and put it in the Illuminatus Translator and we get this number. What does this number mean?

Now you google that number. Okay, so... You hold it, yep, paste it. Can we copy it?

They make it difficult, don't they? You better believe it, it happened just now, it happened before. all on camera just look at how I frame things and how this man has helped me create new information oh so I can spend what he's saying to also mean a lot about what I'm saying to you because I framed this earlier and that's why you have to be creative because it's fun and and things are much better in life um to play like a game like this and look what you can do look look what like you see so we have literal right so when you play these games um you go literal and then you go like metaphor or even you can use similes and metaphors, and to be honest, I've studied about them a lot. Similes and metaphors, uh, it still confuses me, similes, um, I guess, similes usually say, uh, like, I think, is something, it's like a cloudy day, meaning someone's depressed or something like that, and then you can say, it's a cloudy day, and that could mean like, Like your vision or maybe you talk to a psychologist or something like that.

So we can use, like, say it's a speeding bullet, calling Superman a speeding bullet. So that's a metaphor because it is, and it kind of is, and it's everything. So we can use metaphors, but we have allegories too. So when we tie in metaphors, similes, I don't use a lot of similes.

I use more metaphors than I use similes because it kind of is. Like, I don't really use similes. Everything is a lot of different ways.

But then you have allegory. And when you master metaphor, you can tie them all in together to create, like, an awesome web. and this is the world wide web, I've created such an awesome bank of information, and the thing is, if you look at that bank of information in its entirety, you'll learn so much from it, and that's why this education system is so cool, because it can really create character, and you should just try it, and you'll see. So let's see how I framed it, okay?

Oh, oh, oh, oh, so once you master allegory, you got a secret level and you got tautology, which means that you're no longer tied into all of them, so when your tautology is not one or the other, it's everything. And you have to make it, if you make it skillfully, then it can mean literal, metaphorical, allegorical, like all at the same time. So, like, yeah, it's a hard kind of skill. That's why you should learn to be a prophet.

You've got to learn. But it takes dedication and it takes yourself, your heart, to make the education system happen that works best for you. Um, so, uh, I wish you luck in that journey, um, but this is the tautology, so when you work with the tautology, we work on all realms of our mind, and I don't know what my, it'd be interesting to see what my mental activity is doing. Um, so, uh, let's continue, or let's finish this, because I think this is long, all along, so I think I gotta divide these carefully, uh, because I'm producing more content right now because the circumstances are enforcing it and then suddenly you are now impervious to the pollen around you and you no longer have allergies and that is exactly what is happening here with this bacteria snatching a piece of stray dna in order to grow and evolve and so in this new experiment they took this dye this green dye that caused this bacterium to glow under the microscope and they used this other dye to make the DNA just stray pieces of DNA that you're seeing as these small little red spots and they sat it in a petri dish next to the bacteria they added the DNA and they were amazed to see this arm-like appendage begin snatching up these DNA pieces pulling it back and devouring it making the DNA a part of the bacterium and it goes to show that even at micro level looking at these bacteria they are doing things that much larger organisms are doing and these are single-celled bacterium and it's amazing for a single-celled organism to do so tell me what you guys think down below really really cool I'll put the link below to the live science article if you want to read more about this and now moving on into some other strange and mysterious stories that have been sent in to me, we have a new video here posted to the YouTube channel NVTV of, well, he doesn't know, but what he describes as a massive black timber wolf-like creature that begins chasing this frightened man's dog out of the woods. And as you guys watch this,

the main dog in this is pretty big, but when you see this massive black beast, I mean, you can just tell how how much it dwarfs this normal dog and um yeah it's quite frightening so check this out all right so what do you guys think this creature is is it a just a massive black wolf a werewolf a timber wolf i mean it looks massive it is massive doesn't just look massive i mean look how giant this thing is as it leaps out after this you know this other big dog now here you're seeing some photos from Google of other Timberwolves that you know this may be what we're seeing here I don't know but do Timberwolves get this big do we have some people out here in the comments that are familiar with Timberwolves or live in an area that has these things I know that they can get pretty big and you know whether this is what that is or isn't it's amazing footage and it truly is frightening to watch sitting here from my chair so So kudos to Envy TV. Be sure to head over, check out his original video, throw him a like, show him some love, and if he gets any more footage, we'd be happy to feature it here. And I'll put the link to his channel down below. Now, speaking of strange creatures, you know, I'm at the ocean, and this new piece of video links directly to that, although this was taken out of China after a fish or whatever it is, something that's never been seen before, Was pulled out from the shore what they're describing as a fish with a pigeons head and as strange as that sounds well here I'll go ahead and play the video

my only favorite i'm filming so obviously this is some sort of mutant fish it was discovered by a chinese fisherman who caught the fish with the footage showing how the angler reeled in a large and highly unusual fish with this bulbous pigeon-shaped head, stunned onlookers taking pictures and looking at the unique bird-like creature on their phone. The footage was shot in Goyang City in southwestern China's Gizhou province on June 5th. You know, immediately looking at this, I'm thinking Fukushima. Could this be due to radiation leaking into the ocean? Could this just be a freak mutation?

I don't know, but it truly is freaky, and you know what this immediately reminded me of was a past video I posted about these fish that were being discovered that looked like, you know, in all appearances, a normal fish, but when you opened their mouths, they had what looked almost identical to a set of human teeth, and if you've never seen these photos before, I mean, they're truly creepy. I mean, that's the best word to describe it, and suffice it to say, these things bite, and, um, yeah, we featured them in a video maybe a year or two back, couple of years probably, and it was later discovered that this is a fish known as a paku, and it's native to South America and a relative of the piranha, which many of you know, with the razor-sharp teeth. Well, just like the piranha, these fish, instead of having, you know, sharp, spiked, needle-like teeth, have what almost look like your, you know, human teeth. They're very white, they're very wide, flat on top, and these things are said to be able to grow up to around two feet long.

And although they're native to South America, we have news reports as recent as January of this year where it was found that these fish are popping up in lakes all around Arizona. Crowding out the native species of fish and apparently it's you know become a big problem And they're still trying to figure out how these things are being introduced to the lakes around Arizona And like I said, they're an invasive species. So they crowd out the native fish. So Back to this strange pigeon-headed fish here. Tell me what you guys think. Have you seen something like this before?

What do you think caused it? Is it just you know just one-of-a-kind strange mutation? Is there something? i'm filming have something to do with current events and weather or phenomena happening in our oceans around the world put it down below and let me know what you think and with that today i am going to bid you guys farewell i've got to jump back off here like i said i've got a few days left here at the beach so i'll try to get a new video up if not i'll play you guys one of our past ones one of my favorites and i'll see you guys back in just a bit we still have time a little hurry please the Greek word for fish is itch this as early as the first century Christians made an acrostic from this word yes us Christos the old your Vosotr, meaning Jesus Christ, Son of God, Savior.

The fish has plenty of other theological overtones as well, for Christ fed the 5,000 with two fishes and five loaves, a meal recapitulated in Christian love feasts. and called his disciples fishers of men. Water baptism practiced by immersion in the early church created a parallel between fish and converts.

Second century theologian Tertullian put it this way, We little fishes, the image of our itchthys, Jesus Christ, are born in the water.

We are born in water, headed straight down for hell. We think up is down, so we dig and dig from our own selfishness, hoping to see heaven, but falling into hell. we are burned by its flames each other and we will eventually turn ashes by society destroying our hearts but from those ashes we rise and from those ashes I had to think about this one this is a very good question and I will tell you my thoughts I had to consider things before replying so sorry for my delay mobile games at first will not care about quality they will only come about the game only care about the game running smoothly crappy graphics just change the style of the game and to some degree do not affect its quality it is just a retro style game that any true gamer would think adds class therefore and with the above considerations here are my thoughts it must be nvidia and fully capable of modern rendering So there's DirectX and stuff like that. OpenGL, price is much more of a factor.

The cheap is not always bad when you can deliver those savings directly to your customers. I am trying to appeal to a market to just buy a phone and use a VPS to do anything you could need to do while being fully mobile. These cheap 3 year deals are amazing and you open up a new market which I have spent my life capitalizing on. I have worked it all out when I can deliver an affordable solution for poor people and have a long-term security of its continued availability, even a lifetime option.

Always upgrading, of course. I would be prepared to pay a significant amount if I could get a lifetime subscription. Imagine that, though, like a lifetime subscription of, like, a Windows machine. That would be awesome.

And you can market those on websites like Daily Dot. If you are really serious about paving the future, you should offer lifetime subscriptions. And they will want to keep upgrading it, like I do mine, forever. You made a new market of an upgrade store.

Upgrades, of course. also being lifetime as far as the gaming side of it the cheaper the better as long as it is fully capable of performing all the latest game features make it the basic gaming vps then if people ever want to upgrade just install those when you need them organically grow it did i say nvidia well I hope those thoughts helped I'm available for immediate employment if you allow me to work remotely I don't have time to get this film out today am I gonna have three films released in one day tomorrow and from those ashes that That is the ashes from the journey to hell. We... Eternity!

Eternity! Eternity! Eternity! Frequent direction than the masses.

It results then produce a very unique character who then can create information on the fly. That information then comes about from a lot of doing this repeatedly. And by doing this repeatedly, you can then build yourself into whatever you think is the best self possible. And that was really hard for me throughout my journeys because I had to think about ethics.

And then I get all these Christians telling me that philosophy is evil and of the world. And then, well, I found out that they were blind about everything. And they were, I mean, modern day Christians are Satanists. That's the truth.

Do your research. They are. It's the truth. What do you think is going to happen?

Why do you think it says that the Christians get persecuted? Look at what they're doing. Maybe they don't realize that they're Satanists, but that's what the beast has indoctrinated everybody into, because the whole world is Satanist now. Everybody's following Satan, which is that media.

that scene, that really powerful scene, I was like this might be one of the most powerful scenes I've ever done, uh, and because it was like double the effect and uh, and I went and wanted to show it to the guys and they were like I don't want to watch it and it's like ugh, you know like why not, that's really strange, um, how people in my environment aren't interested because they're tuned to that TV and they're looking at they want to download, I mean they use my connection so much they're always downloading movies and downloading this and not they, um, brand and I got them a movie they wanted last time I was here so they thought that was really cool um, but you see this method allows us to have so many different conversations with ourselves and yes, well, does that make me a schizophrenic? Like, no, it doesn't. It means that I'm Naruto, and I keep popping up everywhere, and I'm going to keep popping up forever, and my mental processing will continue to be fine-tuned through that process, and I'll continue to wiggle more and more into that area in society that I'm trying to fill, and hopefully that will be like a glue um that can then uh patch up i mean i don't know like maybe it's probably like an acid that's gonna destroy everything i don't know like what are we gonna make it um like are you gonna accept what the prophecy says um like how are you gonna spend it i would you know if you want to be a good person try to not accept it like like if you don't accept they just say no it's not going to be that way like it doesn't matter if you're wrong because by you thinking that it's a good thing um and because it'll encourage you to fight against it and not give up and that's what we need because doing that will then develop your pineal gland and when you develop your pineal gland then it'll it'll start to develop immunities against these harmful processes and we need to decalcify our pineal glands so I'm not sure all the physical things we have to do to do that because I don't have that problem and I don't really care because I don't have that problem but you need to do this because this will do that this will open this will open your third eye and then you'll be able to see everything and that's everything you look at everything you look at you then see and it doesn't matter what you look at because you're going to develop knowledge on whatever it is you're looking at Whether it is we're talking about a camera that has a pistol grip and I'm just looking I'm not buying anything like that because I gotta think carefully about the next type of camera because we should be developing our technology. These handicaps are so basic and they don't have any like quality portable ones that have a good zoom which is really quite annoying.

do you see what I'm saying like we just turn our heads and everywhere we look so we're like a cyclops and and that's the that's the one eye that's that maybe that's the eye of Horus I don't know like we gotta like look at what we're dealing with no matter what it is like and and if that sometimes causes the topic to change then we should encourage that because and then we continue the conversations later because doing that will develop those thoughts and you'll end up with the more refined mental processing because of that and that will develop you the skill to continue to talk about anything that you so desire and you'll continue to develop knowledge and this is knowledge that can then be backed up through evidence which makes it a science so all this is still a science even though I kind of hate science but all of this is still science because we're still using the scientific method to produce the results so you got philosophy here that's also a science and it's also an art um so we got steam so uh science okay um technology yeah um what is it education um arts okay um and mathematics and we do it all we do it all this is steam education what what they're doing that's not steam education and and we do it through the gaming platform of steam like can you put one on one together um but we do it in this method and this is this is what steam education is and this is why it's the future of everything and this person who so called created it didn't create it i i created it and i can prove that and and because that's not it because because that's the that's the beast that's you know they say it's something that it's not um so unless you want to keep swapping your words in their literal meanings, then say it for what it is. So you can't make an organization that says it's that and it's not that. And I've seen some of the courses, like my father taught some of the courses in STEAM Education, and I'm like, that's not STEAM Education. And there's so many different possibilities with this, and that's why we need to open source it first, because that's really important to open source it, because then our thoughts are free and our environments free and everything that this thing can manage to somehow catch is free and that's what we need to do in the end and that means that copyright now is old school we gotta throw away those systems it doesn't make sense logically we gotta throw away the systems if we want to develop and if we don't want to develop what you're gonna just keep killing people like me and the more people like me keep producing these videos that have no potential to be removed from the internet because all your censorship eventually failed, that's going to trickle into society and eventually you'll get people who are actually kinda smart and can see this and then they're going to do it and then you'll get those people that teach other people how to do it and bring us so much cool technology and ideas and thoughts and ways to do things and our businesses are gonna change so much and it's gonna be really really cool and a lot of individuality we get potential for a lot of individuality so we don't have to follow this collective anymore and we can now lay down laws by doing what I'm doing which is making logical arguments against why the the current laws are stupid and make no sense and they can't debunk those arguments which I keep presenting to them which means that what I've done is now law and that's true law like we're not ships you You can't treat me as a ship, this maritime loan, I don't want to adhere to that.

And none of us do. It's all bullshit. They're just tricking you and you're somehow following along with it. Um, you know, like I said, just a small percentage of you do this, it's going to BOOM BOOM throw bombs everywhere.

Oh, it'll be awesome. Just beware. This process will kill us inside and we will have to retreat into darkness sometime. It's strange because...



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



26-The-Antichrist-Superstar-7-VII-World-Strike

It's like two and a half k's up. Wow. I want to fog you on, it would be nice on a foggy day. I'm trying to get the smartphone to go.

Yeah. What's next? Look, I pressed the button. Yeah, don't push it anymore.

Okay. That's enough to put up the shelf. It's very, very high. I can hook it on.

I think I've got a hundred of them. I can hook them all together to an AMX controller. Oh, yeah. Anything that I buy, any lights I buy now, I'm going to make sure they're getting out Oh, yeah, then you get a DMX controller and like do my own nachos one point

Yeah, I'm recording oh

It looks like a lightsaber But not not on camera though on camera does it you can't you can't pick it up you can't figure out the Wow from wish the camera can't catch the line there's a line camera can't catch it so cool does do mirrors and I don't know how it works something so I took the lens off it so it's part of my way to do that with light. I love light. There's so many things you can do with light. Face is danger.

Do not remove colour, radiation. Oh. Yeah. We're being exposed to it.

It's like a beam going side to side like a sweeper. Yeah, yeah. I can control it and just slow it down and just hold it, stop it and turn it. Yeah.

You can twist the dial and turn it around and shoot. Okay. Wow. Yeah, you can control it.

Awesome. Really cool

Okay, yep, so you didn't slide it in

Reality headset sliding it in slowly because the end doesn't break Wow so you're actually selecting stuff yeah Wow and you don't even need a controller all right let me go through one lens okay I just want to explore, start shooting at me, let me explore, oh here, there's a ring around it, oh, let me explore, come on, let's check it out, let's check out the ring, is it a ring, oh no, leave me alone, let me explore, society, oh no, let me explore, society, oh why won't they make fallout mobile it's really sad make fallout mobile see i can't do anything because it's like windows and there's no way i can fix it to full screen it's really annoying what do you think VR is going to do to our pineal glands well I must have missed this one let me tell you about Jonas Jonas is 19 years old he studies law in Munich in his spare time he likes to play soccer Jonas has a secret which he thinks he cannot share with anyone not even with his best friend or with his parents. He's just too afraid of anger, rejection and repulsion. Jonas knows that he has to suppress his sexual drive for his entire life and he also knows that there will never be a loving and fulfilling partnership that he can enter because Jonas is a pedophile he's only attracted to female children between the ages of six and twelve years but since he's aware of the consequences for the children, he has never given in to his sexual drive. What is pedophilia? It's not worth living.

And what is it not? Fine. In the ICD-10, the international classification system for illnesses, pedophilia is coded as the sexual preference for pre-adolescent children. It is listed under the sexual disorders. Whether the persistent occurrence of sexual thoughts and feelings for pre-adolescent

children have been acted upon or not is not relevant to the diagnosis. Like every other sexual orientation, pedophilia can have different characteristics. For example, it can be heterosexual, It can be homosexual, bisexual. Some pedophiles are exclusively attracted to children, others are not exclusively attracted to children, but they are also sexually interested in adults.

But their main sexual interest lies within children. Only if this main sexual interest is given, we talk about pedophilia. The vast majority of all pedophiles are men, about 99%. Within the male population, 1 to 2% are considered to be pedophiles.

This translates to about 60 million people worldwide.

This is as much as the population of Italy or of South Africa. Therefore, pedophilia is not an irrelevant phenomenon we can't simply ignore. Chances every one of you knows at least one pedophile are higher than that you don't know anyone. We haven't found out yet why pedophilia occurs.

There are biological, social, and psychological factors to it. It occurs unrelated to social-economical status and unrelated to educational level. So generally speaking, anyone could be born a pedophile.

It is crucial to understand the difference between pedophilia and child sexual abuse, which is illegal and must always be. Pedophilia is only the sexual preference for pre-adolescent children.

The difference between child sexual abuse and pedophilia becomes very obvious when we look at scientific studies.

Think about it for yourself. What do you think? What percentage of child molesters are pedophiles?

Have a guess. Is it 20 percent, 40, 60, maybe even 80 percent?

In fact, scientific studies indicate that only 20 to 30 percent of all child molesters are pedophiles. The vast majority of perpetrators are not pedophiles, but they're sexually interested in adults. Children can easily become victims of child sexual abuse because of their loyalty and because of ease of access.

For example, a stepfather might abuse a stepdaughter because he feels anger or jealousy towards her mother.

Not every pedophile abuses children. And not everyone who abuses children is a pedophile. Differentiating between these two groups is essential. Let me be very clear here.

Abusing children is wrong without any doubt. But a pedophile who doesn't abuse children has done nothing wrong.

I want to quickly summarize where we are at the moment. According to current research, pedophilia is an unchangeable sexual orientation. Just like, for example, heterosexuality. no one chooses to be a pedophile no one can cease being one the difference between pedophilia and other sexual orientations is that living out this sexual orientation will end in a disaster so let's think about Jonas again how can we help him not to cause such a disaster are you a philosopher?

how can we help him not to live out his sexual urges How can we prevent child sexual abuse?

In fact, scientific studies indicate that one of the strongest predictors for child sexual abuse committed by pedophiles is social isolation. That's what they do. People who can't tell anyone that they're pedophiles logically won't get any help. For example, they can't tell their friends that they can't go to the beach because children in swimsuits might be there as well.

They can't get support for situations they might not control entirely. And they can never be completely frank with someone else. We have to hide. We can make a difference for Jonas.

We, as a society, can be there for him. At the moment, we live in a world that already excludes pedophiles because of their preference alone. Someone who is lonely and excluded from society has little to lose and is at much higher risk to commit a crime, like, for example, child sexual abuse. We can make Jonas feel that he stays a valuable member of our society, although he's a pedophile.

Please do. Right now, most of us feel discomfort when we think about this scenario. And most of us feel discomfort when we think about pedophiles.

But just like pedophiles, we are not responsible for our feelings. We do not choose them. But we are responsible for our actions. And we must make a decision.

It is in our responsibility to reflect and to overcome our negative feelings about pedophiles and to treat them with the same respect we treat other people with. We should accept that pedophiles are people who have not chosen their sexuality and who, unlike most of us, will never be able to live it out freely if they want to lead an upright life. We should accept that pedophilia is a sexual preference, a thought, a feeling, and not an act.

We should differentiate between child sexual abuse and pedophilia.

We shouldn't increase the suffering of pedophiles by excluding them, by blaming and mocking them. By doing that, we increase their isolation, and we increase the chance of child sexual abuse. that's what I've been saying only if they make themselves recognizable because they're not afraid of punishment of anger and rejection can we better understand the causes of pedophilia and we can improve their treatment we can help them accept their sexuality and help them learn to refrain from acting on their sexual urges which cause harm to children we can encourage them never to commit child sexual abuse We can help them refrain from entering dangerous situations they might not control entirely. And we can prescribe medication.

This approach has already been successful. No medication. In the last 10 years, more than 9,500 people have received help in a prevention network called Kein Täter werden, which means don't offend in English, at university hospitals in Germany. The last survey shows that 98% have never committed child sexual abuse.

Unfortunately, this program is not going to eradicate child sexual abuse, but it is the first step in the right direction.

Pedophiles who have received treatment have a better understanding of who they can turn to in order to prevent abuse before it happens.

Most of you might ask themselves now, why is she telling us that?

Five years ago, I first heard about Jonas' life.

Prior to that, I have never really thought about pedophilia and I had just adapted the prevalent society view about it without never really questioning it. I felt anger and disgust about pedophiles.

My perspective has been completely changed by hearing Jonas' story, hearing about his cruel fate, and understanding the difference between child sexual abuse and pedophilia. I haven't documented. I went to Ted and I tried to tell them. I spent lots of effort and they then censored me and banned my account.

But I went to them and tried to tell them.

As a medical student with a background in psychology, I feel it as my responsibility to help others overcome and escape wrong stigmatization. and to have a positive impact on our future society by changing our view about pedophilia as a society and by offering them support and therapy we can help millions of people to live better lives and we can effectively reduce child sexual abuse No one is responsible for their feelings, but everyone is responsible for their actions. Amen.

I love you. I thank you very much. Thank you.

Why do you think Ted would do that? It's all the B system and they choose to give you what they want and when they want it. You're so stupid. You can't.

That means you're stuck in their time frames and not your own time frame, which means that they're controlling you like everything you're just a marionette you're just a puppet oh you are because they're timing it all this plan was into action a long time ago and even though they're revealing to you truth they're controlling how you're receiving that truth because they're controlling the timing so it's going to unravel how they want it and you were so stupid to not unraveled how it should have happened because I tried to do that so now you're stuck with what they force upon you which means fucking natural which means that all of society has rebelled against God stupid means having or showing a great lack of intelligence or common sense stupid is planet earth none is smart no not one no one can comprehend for no one seeks god all have turned their brains off and together they are fucking worthless for none of them have the ability to not be an idiot let's take our words back If I can prove beyond a shadow of a doubt that all of you lack the intelligence to ever do the right thing, then that is the truth unless you can debunk my arguments. Think very carefully, not just about the actions but the results. Is doing the right thing at the wrong time doing the right thing? At some point last year, this article showed up in newspapers all over the world.

The police had taken down this massive child pornography network. It was on the dark net and it had nearly 90,000 members. Lots and lots of illegal material were shared and lots of messages were sent through the network. Every day, every hour, every second.

People from all over the world were logging into this network anonymously, which makes it extremely difficult for the police to track them down. Now, some of these people only had the aim of collecting child abuse material online. Others also had the aim of abusing children themselves. Regardless, they all found this deep satisfaction in discussing their deepest fantasies and experiences with regards to child abuse online.

apparently there's a market for this. Well this makes me ask the question how can we keep the world of the internet safe for our children? How can we reduce and maybe even eliminate the problem of child exploitation online? Well that's quite a question to ask. As a psychologist having worked directly with

sex offenders previously and now working for the Dutch National Police Child exploitation unit, I can simply tell you this. Unfortunately, we will never be able to eliminate every possible risk out there. However, there are definitely ways of making the world of the internet a safer place for our children. And the criminal justice system is one solution, but if we want to do more, I need the help of all of you. And in the next 15 minutes or so,

will tell you exactly what we can do and why but first let's go back to the basics at one point a website was on the law enforcement investigation on which 1.3 million images were available and this is only one website from experience i can tell you many many more websites have been online so the internet really is a great thing but it gives us lots of opportunities but But it does have a downside as well. Because every time that offender presses that send or post button, a victim is re-victimized. Every time that picture is multiplied, re-victimization occurs. It's not really surprising, then, that all law enforcement agencies report massive increases in cases in the last couple of years.

I don't agree with that, because it's evidence to a crime. So if there is child sexual abuse material, it is not a crime to have that because it is evidence to a real crime that occurred. Canada is even talking about a 233% increase in the last 10 years, so the problem seems to be growing exponentially. And of course we can partly explain this increase in the ease with which images are multiplied and the expansion of the internet so we're not talking about absolute numbers of growth in offenders and victims but still we're having a problem well this may sound really shocking but it's not really surprising considering that international research repeatedly portrays that 0.5 up to even And 3% of our male population has some form of pedophilic interest.

I'm talking about our male population here today because that's what most research is conducted on. I'm not saying that females don't have this difficulty at all. It's just few is known about them. But 0.5 up to 3%.

Consider the Netherlands. We have 8.5 million men in total. So this percentage equates with 42,500 up to 255,000 men. That's all inhabitants of a medium-sized city in the Netherlands.

To make it even more concrete, I was told that there's about 200 of you in the audience today. Well, looking at you, I think there's slightly more females than males, but let's say that there's 80 males of you here today in the audience. we can all do the maths now can't we statistics indicate that there will be one or two of you who are struggling with some form of pedophilic interest and what this means is that most probably there will be someone in your environment someone you know someone like your neighbor like your colleague like your football mate maybe even your husband or son who is struggling with these sort of feelings the only thing is you don't know about it and here we get to a notion that i really want to emphasize because even though these percentages are massive most of these people know that they have feelings that they should repress so most of these people don't act out on it they don't offend i don't want to repress them which is great isn't it no but the problem is these people can't talk about their feelings because they know that they will be hated for it i truly do believe that every person is longing for love at some point in their life and what if this love that you really wish for will forever be impossible that must be a really lonely situation to be in it's like telling me we know that you love your boyfriend and we don't minimize this love however you cannot act out on it ever and on top of that you won't be able to talk about it with anyone satanic so unfortunately sometimes it does go wrong sometimes people do start offending

it's how they protect their actions of sacrifice and rape and torture and trafficking like it's how how they protect their actions by implementing that because then people won't know like because I'm not justifying this on the contrary I work for police I'm just saying that it's a logical thing to happen so what do we do with this knowledge well I think there will be many of you telling me now you know what let's just ban all these people from society let's just lock them all up and let's just leave them somewhere far away from our children and from an emotional point of view i can kind of understand what you're saying i became an auntie last year for the first time my little nephew he just turned one absolutely crazy about the little boy and we just got back from a family holiday and we really enjoyed the sun and the beach the weather was lovely and i simply cannot imagine the possibility that my little nephew wouldn't be able to walk around in his swimming wear because some adult would be sexually attracted to him yes from an emotional point of view i can kind of understand that you want to would want to eliminate these people from society however it doesn't make sense and that's because we're talking about biology we're talking about a sexual orientation something that we simply cannot change and on top of that every day new people are born with the same difficulty so it's not practical to eliminate these people from society they haven't done anything wrong so rather than letting our emotions rule please let's be mature about this problem let's think about clever solutions because more importantly This pretended solution doesn't take into account the variation between offenders and offenses What we think about when we hear about sex offenders is what we see portrayed in the media And the media usually reports about the most extreme cases, the real violent offenders Those people that are portrayed as monsters and less than human Stigmatized You may have heard about the case of Joseph Ritzel in Austria he locked up his daughter in a cellar and abused her for years maybe you've heard about Robert M in the Netherlands he abused 83 children within the ages of 0 and 4 in a daycare facility where he was working I think most countries know a notorious case like that and these are the type of cases that all our popular TV series are based on and I can kind of understand that you would want to eliminate these type of people from society but the problem is this distorts our view of the factual situation because in fact sex offenders aren't all those violent gruesome men waiting in the bushes for children they can attack on the contrary research portrays that the great great majority of children that are abused i'm talking 70 80 maybe even 90 percent they're abused by someone they know someone close to them someone from their neighborhood their family or their sports club and now i hear you think yeah but you know what whoever the offender whatever seriousness the crime they should still all be punished for it yes but what if this time the offender is your neighbor your colleague your football mate what if this time the offender is your husband or son what if this time the police shows up at your doorstep i hear you think now well yeah but i know my family i know my friends and it wouldn't happen not in my backyard not in my family and this is because we tend to think in stigmas we tend to think that people who would do this they're either really pathetic lonely men spending 24 7 on the internet waiting for children they can groom or they must be really psychopathic men really violent with no conscience whatsoever i can tell you from experience this stigma is simply not correct in my career i've seen sex offenders with a lot of life potential social charismatic men men with no psychological disorders whatsoever men with jobs with wives men you wouldn't ever believe to get in trouble with the police at all men like your football mate like your neighbor men like your colleague or your husband or your son where i'm heading at is we shouldn't think about this problem only from a criminal justice perspective yes definitely law enforcement is a great solution repression is a great solution but it isn't always the right one. Of course when someone has committed a lot of offenses and doesn't ever intend to stop we should punish them. But the criminal justice system has always meant to have been a last resort and we should keep it that way. Think about this 18 year old who took a nude picture of his 15 year old girlfriend and then shares it with a friend who sends it to the whole school definitely we should have a proper conversation with them but should they really learn the hard way should they have a criminal record for the rest of their lives what about this 20 year old silently been struggling for a couple of year now with pedophilic feelings and he was now thinking about approaching children online don't you think that someone like that would be better off if we were willing to speak to him if we were willing to help if we would want to listen and help him towards treatment consider this example a couple of years ago i was speaking at a conference after which i got approached by a lady and she had a five-year-old daughter who just received love letter and flowers from a guy who was living in their area well what this lady already did was she went over to the guy's house he was in his mid or late 30s she spoke to him and it turned out that indeed he was really in love with a little girl and he couldn't hide it no longer she spoke to him she had a really good conversation and she convinced him to find psychological help and what she asked me was shouldn't i be concerned now i'm really worried now to let my child play on the street well i can completely understand definitely but what I told her was at least now you know where the dangers are and now you can manage this risk maybe you've prevented this guy from starting to commit crimes at the first place 0.5 up to 3% there's many many many more people struggling with these feelings we just don't know where they are you want to I can ensure you that law enforcement is working really really hard every day to get a grip on this problem.

Raping children? There's a great focus on prioritization and working on the most dangerous offenders, the most extreme cases. And to get back to the newspaper article that I showed you in the beginning... Politicians?

I started with a bit of a negative vibe because I wanted to make you aware of the problem that we're facing. But at the same time, behind the scenes, law enforcement is working really hard. They're professionalizing and working together internationally to really get a grip on the tip of the iceberg of people active on these networks. And I must say, I'm really proud. However, we can do so much more.

And in order to do so, I need your help of every single one of you out there.

Because law enforcement only is not going to arrest their way out of this problem. and that's because we're talking about a public and a mental health issue which is a shared responsibility for all of us so please let's be open about the problem let's acknowledge that this problem exists and let's make sure that people will find the strength to come forward the biggest mistake is to say that it won't happen in my area because that is to deny the problem because it happens everywhere we've all seen the hashtag me too discussion haven't we we never thought that this was such a big issue until people started to step forward and then the problem portrayed itself in all its varieties so how can we be open about a problem now how can we break the taboo well first of all let's stop with hate let's stop with negative vibes in the media and let's stop with throwing rocks at offenders houses because it's not gonna take us anywhere it's never gonna solve this problem but rather please let's be rational about this problem let's talk about it let's be open and let's be a mature society what if your son would approach you one day and would tell you that he's struggling with pedophilic feelings hello this is angel heavenly also known as penguin kisses on fiverr.com chapter 17 the womb that carried you ivory heart from dd jinx at hotmail.com my very sick and sinful son to wendell at nesmith.net NeSmith my brother dr. nesmith at gmail.com my father date December 7 2013 540 p.m. Wendell you my son are a very sick individual which I have bore but love at the same time as a child You are my heart and joy, yet you have allowed demons within your mind and soul, of which I detest.

I give my life to help and penetrate as many children with the confidence and joy of living a life of giving back to Jesus and others just a bit of all he has given to us. You, on the other hand, seek to destroy all that my heart stands for. my prayer is that if the pedophile in you touched or touches one of God's precious children you will be shot dead in your tracks by some well-meaning caring person. You are from my being I carried you in my womb. At this point

I abhor and detest it. You have made me sick and want to vomit. I protected you as a child from sick people as yourself and now I am powerless to protect the other children you pray upon. I would rather hear of your death than a child's life ruined by your insanity.

When you are ready to repent and return to our Savior, I will communicate with you. If I hear of you touching one of God's sacred children, I will kill you personally if I get a chance. I detest you, my son of my womb, and at this point regret the day I conceived you. Don't waste your time writing me unless it is repentance, because I will not waste a second of my life reading something a pedophile writes.

I will continue to pray for you, but continue to pray for your death if you touch one of God's precious, innocent creations. Signed, The Womb That Carried You. Donna. 16.

There are those good old-fashioned values in which we used to rely. But luckily, there is a man who positively can do all things which make us laugh and cry.

Would you beat him up? Or would you want to help?

It's only with this openness that people will find the strength to come forward. and that people will find the help they need and I truly do believe that this will bring us one step closer to prevention however as for me if this talk or even my daily job helps to saving only just one child for me that's a solution in itself thank you very much we have an alert going out in Louisiana and really what they're trying to say with this you have to pay attention to what's going on with you and your family because to me it really makes no sense to say that 97% of the people that get infected by this parasite are dying and that it's contaminated all of the water in Louisiana. They're talking the bayous, they're talking drinking water has been affected, pools, water used for showers and bathing. But then they turn around and say, guess what? It's perfectly safe to drink. It's just not safe

to get it up your nose. This is what they're saying. They're saying that the infection occurs when the water containing this amopia enters the body through the nose and travels to the brain where it starts to destroy tissue. Now, there was a boy that contracted this a few years back and that died from it.

They're saying that he got it from a slip and slide in his backyard.

So what they're saying is this is resurfaced.

This is, I think, the third time since 2015 where this has all been found in the same district. so even though they say they start this off saying the louisiana water system it looks like they're focusing on one district and with the simobia anywhere around if you're the next town over i still would not be trusting things until the water gets tested and it's proven that this parasite is not in there this is very real it could affect a lot of people and people not even knowing what's going on it's pretty sad here in this country that we have to deal with these things and these issues and of course there's things like this happen every day all around the globe, but it just seems that we could work to prevent some of these things with having a water system and an infrastructure that is actually redone in this country since it's decades old and rotting and aging, and it's all going to fall apart at some point. There has to be a plan to step in and start to redo some of the stuff. Like up in Illinois and in areas up there, there is a leaching problem where the copper pipes or the copper pipes they used decades ago which are not safe to use are leaching different carcinogens into the water and they admit this but they're like we're not going to pay for it the people are going to have to pay for it per home if you want your house and your piping redone then then you're going to have to pay for it the issue is this though even if they redo their piping all the other hundreds of miles of piping carrying the water to their house is contaminated so this is It's a huge issue across the country and I hear it all the time from people saying that their water is discolored, tastes funny, smells funny, this and that, it's something that we really have got to get on top of here in this country.

But this is some of the latest, I'm going to leave a link, I'll continue to update as things change. It was our master plan to educate you, WTF. Who's asking? Someone who knows what it's like to work for himself and not let others feed off the profits of his energy. Who are you? We found a note. What did it say? It said, who is John Galt?

What accidents in recent history? A Tiger's transcontinental freight train has crashed and derailed. I have to get the Rio Norte completely derailed in nine months, and I'm gambling your new metal can do what you say it can. I'm staking my business on it. Nobody's used

Reardon metal. Why do we have to be first? Well, they say you're intractable. You're ruthless. Your only goal is to make money. My only goal is to make money. Yeah, but you

shouldn't say it. Yeah, if we're going to bring Reardon down, we should do it from the inside. We can't afford to allow the expansion of a company which produces too much. A federal tax will be applied to all steel mills. They are not getting my metal. We'll find a way

to fix this. You and your brother try to undermine me or go to the government. Maybe you should Let me explain. Maybe you should let me finish speaking.

It's a battle. What battle? I don't fight the disarm. Or they have a weapon against you.

What is wrong with the world? Well, I ask useless questions. How deep is the ocean? How high is the sky?

Who is John Galt? In order to save my family's business, I'm going to have to abandon it. I'm going to take a leap and start my own company. What are you going to call this new line of yours?

The John Galt line. we're not gonna allow you to run that train you can do whatever you want with your men mr brady but that train will run if i have to drive the damn thing myself what we're doing my metal your railway it's us who move the world if you double cross me i will destroy you to a successful business partnership i'll drink to that i do not recognize this court's right to try me nor do i recognize any of my actions as a crime mr reardon you will have to enter a plea before this court simply refusing to obey the law is not a defense you believe you may seize my property simply because you need it well then so does any burglar the only difference is a burglar doesn't ask my permission sir i will remind you the punishment this court might impose on you is severe go ahead if you sentence me to jail Send armed men to get me. I will not volunteer to go. If you find me, you'll have to seize my assets.

I will not volunteer to pay. If you feel you have the right to use force against me, then show it for what it is. Bring guns.

They did.

We have no intention of pointing guns and seizing your property. They did. Then why are we here? Mr. Reardon, you are misrepresenting the letter and the intent of the fair share law.

It is based on the highest principle, the principle of the public good. As defined by those who would dictate and regulate our behavior in our homes and our businesses, stealing their power from our liberty. Mr. Reardon, you wouldn't want it misunderstood that you work for nothing but your own profit.

Indeed, I want it understood clearly. I do not recognize the good of others as a justification for my existence. If their fair share demands that I get nothing for my labors, that it requires me to be a victim, then I say, I'd be damned, I'll have no part of it. And how does that benefit your fellow man?

I do not owe you an answer, but I could tell you in a hundred ways. Thousands of jobs, billions in revenue, fueling our economy despite your efforts to destroy the very foundation of our existence and i believe most of my fellow men would say the same if they had a voice his time is up for years you've asked who was john galt you've asked that question in despair and resignation as factories closed goods became scarce jobs disappeared your lives are becoming more difficult as the life force of your world is draining away you have asked that question without expecting an answer i'm here to answer it this is john galt speaking mr thompson won't tell you the truth about the crisis in your world i will have you noticed that as everything around you seems to decline one thing still grows it is the power of your rulers none of their plans and directives have solved your problems or made your life better the only result has been their increased control over you at the cost of your freedom do you know why you gave them the power they called for your sacrifice and you thought it was noble they said if you worked for yourself and your family that you were selfish and uncaring and they made you feel ashamed they They denounced the leaders of industry as greedy exploiters, the Ellis Wyatts, the Hank Reardons. And again, you agreed. And then you ask, why did they and others like them disappear?

I took them from you. Their achievements flowed from their creative minds. Once they understood that the attempt to control their work was an attempt to control their minds, they left. the people on strike worked for themselves for their own vision of what was possible when they recognized the honor they deserved they rebelled against the guilt you wanted them to feel for their success you counted on them to keep producing to keep thinking even as you denounced them as selfish i showed them and i showed them how evil that is i made it my mission to help these heroes say no all evil needs to win is the consent of good people freely produce cooperate and compete in a place where the rights of all are protected do not try to find us do not try to bargain for our return get out of our way to everyone within the range of my voice you now have a choice to make if you decide to support the notion of sacrifice enforced by the state your game is up your world is in a downward spiral and you will write it down to destruction but if you share the values of our strike if you believe that your life is a sacred possession for you to make the most of if you want to live by the judgment of your own mind not edicts from the state then follow our lead do not support your own oppressors stop letting the system exploit you form your own communities on the frontiers of your crumbling words hold you by your endurance to carry the burdens they impose by your generosity when you hear cries of despair and above all by your innocence which cannot grasp the depths of their evil the world you are living in is the world they wanted leave them to it those who have left you are eager to build a better world a world of freedom and opportunity a world based on mutual respect in that world you will rise in the morning with the spirit you knew in childhood the spirit of eagerness and adventure and the confidence that the world is what it is and is there for you to discover in that world you will not receive alms nor pity nor forgiveness of sins but honor respect and justice don't let the fire go out spark by irreplaceable spark in confusion and despair be sure of your path the world you desire can be one it exists it is real it is possible it is yours come on let's go that just all that is required for evil to triumph is for good people to do nothing. Welcome to my month.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



26-The-Antichrist-Superstar-8-VIII-My-Ivory-Virgin

Thus Spake Zarathustra by Friedrich Nietzsche Of all that is written, I love only what a person has written with their own blood. Write with blood, and you will find that blood is spirit. It is no easy task to understand unfamiliar blood. I hate the reading idlers. He who knows the reader does nothing more for the reader.

Another century of readers and spirit itself will stink. It does. Everyone being allowed to learn to read ruins in the long run not only writing but also thinking. Once spirit was God. Then it became man, and now it even becomes the rabble. He that writes in blood

and aphorisms does not want to be read, but learnt by heart. Oh joy. Zero Patrons.

One sec.

How is this spam? How is this spam especially regarding the subject? What the fuck is wrong with these people? That's what happens when you try to reveal secret information. Maybe

we can marry before you finish watching all of my videos. But you need to watch at least most of my videos before we marry. You can just watch the video. It's fucking right there.

Awesome thank you. No you're not. You're fucking evil. You're a fucking liar too.

Vile? You mean you. Look you're fucking vile. You ain't going to learn otherwise.

Everybody. Remember what they call good is bad and bad is good. So it's easy to assess because how does it make you feel. And if your pineal gland is fucked you won't feel anything uh so then you can't assess shit what is beyond good and evil the love project the love project proposes an alternative vision of the future if we apply what we already know which is nothing in order to achieve a sustainable new socioeconomic system period what is it that i should have posted there should have posted oh everybody under the right conditions pedophilia is actually good yeah like you can't win with these people if their game is rigged and you cannot win with them what is the point in playing their game what do you profit if you gain the entire world but lose or forfeit your soul what is this world worth when it is under their control because god says that the new leaders of this world are kids taste the rainbow not the download function my videos are in violation of your terms of service yes is that you can't expose child trafficking the source files for this episode are like six gigs I'm not sure if I'll be able to do my hat trick today oh well it's a lot of data to work with so maybe it's on the 18th look look look look look look look this is what smart people do yeah I am had to be you'll find out why you see it's going to be cutting it close i've released two today so far they're getting worse and worse age restricted

i don't know what to do anymore you guys are stupid community guidelines bullshit terrible so now they don't want children to know about them getting raped

when you get older you can know about how we rape you and torture you and sacrifice you only when you get older if we don't rape and torture and sacrifice you before then so 18 that's a good age to know if you want to but your pineal gland will be fucked by then you won't even see the video so it's okay i think that this is my last month doing this without your support because i can't fix anything without you wanting to fix it and you don't want to fix it because you love sacrificing children so looks like you're gonna have to live in the filth that you created i'll just go to heaven after this month i'll continue one when i get your support and or two i find ivory because that should be recorded Why? Is there no good place where I can put my videos? Wait for it. You'll see.

Oh. Oh. WTF, mate. See, there's no video sites that are worthy of me. Which means,

what's the point? And you saw me write the comment, too. And look, it's gone. I have which is why it's pointless for me to continue because YouTube's useless to me Facebook is useless to me and the videos don't even work very well on this site anyway they're really slow and it's not very good overview it doesn't say censorship anymore wait am I reading right I guess free speech first they change it hmm come on and the thing is like people like me are really advertising them a lot because the more people use their stuff and the more people upload videos and the more they get like the more popular they'll get so like they don't even care like I've tried to contact them for a long time they don't even care and I'm trying to tell them to make it open source like the whole platform it's really annoying because once you make this open source then you don't have a problem anymore because anybody that wants to change it so these idiots then put ads on it then you just grab the open-source software and then do what you need to do change it so slow there it is at least you don't censor my videos still terrible they're all fucking evil yeah I wanted to support them but then they do shit like that mmm yeah that's true um fucking yeah it's fucking ads and you censored no censored good goodbye I just said that I was disappointed in them for having ads on their site just introducing it like today and then they deleted it why would they do that and they still had ads in their site, so it's not like they go, oh, we're going to take them off and then delete it.

It's still there. I let my friend use my old phone, and he says now it's been stolen. I just recently purchased that this year. This is what it's worth. It's so hard to get ahead in this

world. There's been so much over the last 15 years that's been stolen from me, including the police when they raid my campsites and what you had on your person from what they choose to give back. Right before I left Canberra, I had a tablet and $200 stolen and that convinced me to leave Canberra. I've said it a lot, but this time is six, six, six. I have to stick

to it now. This is the last TV show that I will be bringing you without support, without ivory. I know I've said stuff like that a lot in the past and then the spirit pushes me to move mountains again. However, the clock is about to stop. Tick, tick. What would

you do without your best my mental health worker told me that I should have compassion for all of these people who are really cruel to me because I know how this world works where people like me get martyred until after our deaths the knowledge won't be integrated into society but read read watch time machine like that's the problem you're not getting any profits because you do this to profit so you're not getting any good people because you hurt good people so I can't feel sorry for you because you do this because you doing this causes this to continue to happen and get worse and worse and worse and by you continuing to do this even after I expose it then like you won't have any good people at all and you'll all be at each other's throats i mean you already are but just wait until the bombs start falling you'll see not one i think that i should go back up to the mountain again because down here i get robbed and there's aggression and there's a lot of hard drugs and violence and stupidity and it's much safer and calmer in the mountain and even though it's still in the middle of winter and it's going to be very very cold I still think it's probably a better place for me so I think I will do that soon I'm not sure if I'll stay for this show or not, it's probably a good idea for me to stay for this show because I have unlimited power here. And that's important considering the amount of content that I am producing. It's power hungry. Power hungry not really, I mean, not according to standards. It's power hungry

according to me because uploading all that information drains the battery and this thing will only last me like a day maybe less charging this thing please god help there to be no errors in this one otherwise I can't do it I don't think it will be really close if there's any errors why do you need me there There isn't anyone else in this world who can do what I do. I have been trained, crafted very specifically for this exact task. You will choose. Your bird.

There was nothing I could do. He just caught fire. Oh, and about time too. He's been looking dreadful for days.

Pity you have to see him on a burning day. Fox. He's a phoenix, Harry. They burst into flame when it is time for them to die, and then they are reborn from the ashes.

Isolating creatures, they can carry immensely heavy loads of their tears and healing powers. If this is infrared, then why is it on? Why is it on all the time? I don't want infrared on.

What I'm about to read to you is from his first book. What I'm about to read to you is... Damn, do they go through like that? So I just need to fix that then.

I might have time still, it's going to be close. Where is it? This one right here. It's kind of funny because I showed it to you on this one, but I have to fix it up for this one.

So it was kind of pointless. But it was kind of cool because I saw through that error that I can actually watch it without compiling because it just goes from one to the other. this is one drive that's doing that which is strange I wish there was a way that I could do that with maybe I can maybe I can let's try it okay so I'm I'm going to go into here I'm going to here and I'll go into because this will make it a lot easier because we want to compile it and then watch it we can watch it and then get rid of the scenes so let's get like a really small scene we We have this one, this is the one I think I made a mistake on, maybe, in X-Player. What I'm about to read to you is from his first book.

Yeah, yeah. What I'm about to read to you is from his first book, The Four Grimas, which... Okay, so I just found a better way to do it, is copy the files and then watch it without compiling the video. That way I don't have to compile two, and I'll know it's fine, so that's good, but it's kind of, I don't know, I'll have to see how it goes, because you're not watching the original, I guess if you have to recompile it, you're not going to watch the original either, you're just going to skip through it just to make sure everything's there, so I don't know, it's probably the best idea to just go through the source files like that instead of compiling it and then watching it and then rendering it again, compiling, joining, whatever you whatever you're doing transcoding uh yeah so that was beneficial to learn something yeah um in the past they haven't done that like they they didn't go on they didn't continue to the next one so i had no way to do that so now the technology is getting a little smarter making it a little easier on me um i always have to watch out for that because they change the technology and make things where it's easier for me um but if i don't know about it then i can't use it there's something wrong with this one drive player because it'll just freeze at random points and it will freeze at those same points it did that earlier today and i had to watch another video uh yeah you see it's it's really strange um that same point it'll just freeze that and i don't know i have to figure out a different way to watch it this microsoft player the one drive player is not good enough it freezes at random places i managed to move it but it always freezes at 18 20 18 20 is when it freezes and i can close it i can force stop it i can reboot my phone and it doesn't matter it's always stopping at 18 20 i think this one will work yeah that's gonna work I can just pause it and let it buffer I think uh MX player doesn't work but VLC does he doesn't want to say it at all oh we can't see it well it gets through it but it just buffers a lot so I'm trying to pause it for a few minutes to see if that'll help here when I was talking about free will versus determinism they say free will if you possess logic maybe a lot of that free will is kind of taken away because if you can logically analyze a situation, then you can logically create the best method to resolve or help that situation, so at least as an individual, as a personal individual, so the best that you can do there. So is there

really a choice like if there's a child that's drowning and i'm walking by and i see that is there really a choice whether i'm going to jump in the water and save the child um you might say yes society would say yes i have a choice to look at that child but like it's not a choice there's it's determined because i'm a good person that's determined okay maybe you have free will when you're a bad person maybe that's the actual solution maybe that's the answer so those who are fucking evil yeah they have free will and that's everybody and i don't have free will i'm determined so you're all free spirits and and you call me a free spirit because you're doing that whole satanic thing um so it's like the opposite you know what will will change the meanings around um so i have free will by choosing what not to work so i'm not working like look how much time i put in this i'm spending like look just look at what's in front of you i don't work though um and i choose not to work yeah uh like the best thing to do is what i'm doing this is the only thing that makes sense to do is that like a choice am i making a choice there like you guys are so retarded but sir i do i know everything about you by how you formulate your words a love spell triple cast and from those ashes that is the ashes from the journey to hell going to be late I'm still going to release it as this day because it would just be over time and pretty much it will be this date everywhere else in the world I have been doing this since the beginning of 2012 that is the video I did articles my entire life writing articles it was actually quite difficult to become confident enough to do this because I was very shy I am very shy I can just not be shy on camera because I'm only talking to myself and then I can release it because I can go fuck you like I don't give a shit like because I'm not in front of you um but I'm quite shy especially with more than like two people around and but back to what I was saying I've been doing this video work since the beginning of 2012 and there hasn't been a single person who has been able to even argue with me about any of the things in which I presented so if if everything I'm saying has remained valid and can't be debunked then that's it that's law like and if you can't follow that after you can't debunk the information then there's some big problems there and we need to put you in a psychiatric ward and we need to drug you and we need to do experiments on you and and test to see how far we can can take you until you break and then see what happens when you break and then and then try to break you more and then maybe encourage you to you know what I'm saying like what I'm saying is right what I said from the beginning is right what I wrote when I was a little kid was right everything that I had going on here and going on here since I was you know really small like three years old was right and all of you were wrong and I was the crazy one and now look I just fucking flipped it I didn't used to swear at all but you idiots are attracted to that sort of thing so you actually learn better if you swear in your language and I had to think hard about how I was gonna do this before I i did it uh but it's to to put passion and meaning behind that swearing and that way i'm not swearing like you guys are swearing i'm not just inserting swear words there's emotion and meaning like there's a reason and that expresses so swearing is now expressing something and it's expressing like in this situation it's expressing how all of you are freaking idiots and and how all of you refuse to look at true knowledge and instead love to look at fake knowledge and just look at what you got here debunk what i am saying prove what i'm saying is wrong okay if you can do that then you can make the law if you can't do that then i've already made the law okay yeah logic i had like four errors in that episode but it was good because i learned something new and you do that a on camera if you notice because you're producing knowledge actively so you'll learn a lot from yourself ride the spirit the errors in my films are rarely content related some of these scenes take quite a few times to get it right so I miss deleting a bad scene so that bad scene gets stuck in there that's usually what the errors that I make are and I usually make it probably more often than not so if I like 60% of the time there'll be an error and it's like when there's no errors it's like yeah it really good but this will be so much easier because I just gotta copy the files and then watch the files and then I don't know I guess I can trust Laywo because I've never had it mess up anything so I could just feed it through lewo and upload it straight away I guess I don't know it feels weird doing that because I like to watch the actual video file that I'll be uploading but I guess I can't really do that anyway because when I fix it then I'm just gonna scroll through it and so I need to just trust that process so put it on my phone go through it that way I'm not streaming right so go through it using MX player one after the other when there's an error delete the file get them uploaded and then and then merge them and then upload that so yeah it's really easy now and I'm glad that I'm learning how to do it really easy I thought I'll be best if I put on the cloud watch on the cloud but we got too much going back and forth and and it's it's the latency is too bad I I guess I'm shaped so that doesn't help and especially some of these files are really big yeah but like I made one content error in this whole course which I didn't delete the file it was only like 10 seconds 10 second scene anyway and only use I used on over instead of under but I won't tell you that that's a secret so but it doesn't really matter it doesn't it didn't affect anything affected nothing um and and I probably I don't make those mistakes very often at all however this time I did but 10 second scene it wasn't maybe not even 10 seconds maybe like an 80 second scene where I said over instead of undo You tell me, what should I do? I now have no good video sites to share on. They're all sucky. If my arguments were faulty, don't you think that someone would have debunked them already?

they are built upon solid foundations because the day that I decided to do all of this finalized I said yeah it's gonna happen was December 31st 2011 then I planned it and I couldn't start until February because I had to think about how I was going to do everything so let's calculate when I actually started of this month it will be 6 6 on that New Year's Eve of 2011 I went to his party and it was there that I took LSD and God told me what to do specifically his place is really interesting at the very top of his house is a mushroom a big mushroom and that's their bedroom I say I would abandon you and I keep trying to push it but to be honest I don't think it's within me I don't think I can let you go I don't think I have it within me to let you be alone. Let you suffer this alone. Please give me my ivory. Please let it free so I can find her. Please. Come on. It'll be really cool. We're going to make

films together. Come on. You'll see us. You'll see how happy we are. You'll see how awesome

we are together. Please. The whole world will see how awesome we are together. Please let me free let me free let me out there stop censoring and just let it go stop it like you've been doing it the whole time the whole time i've done it like you've been doing this so please just stop that and let it go let let me find her like even introduce me to not not physically but introduce my material to children please do this please introduce my material to children please show children my material because this is the only way that we're going to be able to salvage anything of our world because you don't realize what we've done to it like what Satanists have done to it behind your back like there's been so much crap that's gone like we've really destroyed this world we have it's no longer made for humans it's made for automatons like just look look like Please, please let me find her, please let me go, like, let me out of my box, please, please advertise me to children, please, please let me find her.

Okay, it looks like I'm going to be around half an hour late. Today was really hard, I'm so tired. I have a ton to add. I really do hate their system for adding content, though.

I must warn you, if you are not kind to my ivory, her and I will go to heaven and leave you here to deal with your own problems. If you're not kind to me, that's one thing, but do not be cruel to my ivory, or that won't work out very well for you. it looks like that's the end of the show right after that scene the camera just went boom and died i mean it was charged i'm trying to charge i mean the light's working but it's just like shut down went boom and just shut down on me like and i didn't even finish the scene properly like it was just shut down while the scene was kind of going on i mean i did finish the scene i like finished the scene and before i finished the scene um it just shut off and these things are expensive it's like four hundred dollars or something and i'm fucking poor so that's the end of my show i hope you like the antichrist um it is the antichrist it's not the antichrist superstar because if you know uh my work you know that i label my work uh let's see if i can oh no i just takes a picture um i can't swap the camera which is so stupid you can't swap the camera so i can't even see myself um yeah so that's it i hope you like it um yeah the superstar thing um like i go episode so it was an episode um or i got drill or i go lecture or i go revolution or revelation or whatever you know so yeah i got a dead camera um well i hope you enjoyed it all uh it was kind of funny i mean i think i think that ended at a perfect spot to be honest i was like this show feels like it kind of just finished especially with the last scene the the the three uh the three spells that i cast um yeah but so sad like i took the battery out and put it back in you have to take the battery out and put the battery back in and you know I get this is charging nothing nothing is dead well good riddance and I don't think you'll see me for a while again so maybe that was what you wanted and yeah I'm done because I can't afford it oh how good is the zoom I think it's not too bad it's ten ten times zoom okay so I have a ten times in with this and I have a 90 times zoom with this well thank you for your attention I love you all and I hope you have really considered my words and I hope that they can help you make the right decisions in what's to come. Bless you.

This morning, I checked my camera again, and it started working. It wasn't even powered overnight, so I'm not exactly sure why. But I think that this show finished at perfect timing i think we're done here anything that i do extra is just overkill this morning i had a lot of people attack me on the social networking app minds why are people cruel to me merely for releasing information i am john galt and i am now on strike the best of you will you join me i hope that you enjoyed the show it was fun to make here is your fucking credits what is our brain like we have hardware and we have software you felt the turing test is that what i'm doing let's see who gets roasted spiritual it's not religious very magical do i have to mention it If you're interested, you should watch it. Then you'll see how it's related. How do they not know that FEMA's

concentration camps? We have lots of chopping blocks. They ordered lots of chopping blocks. I have that documented and

Graves like coffins that fit more than one person. I wonder Why the boy? What do we do? What do we do? Fucking look the real Age of Enlightenment?

but you don't know how to use google see they admit that they're still as fucks i'm trying to i don't think i'll be able to do all that today independent here for kids you better believe it divine yes soon i'll see you my love see you soon thank you god for making it possible please make it soon please she might be eight I don't know see she just persecuted okay remember what I said earlier yeah remember that remember what I said earlier why do you think that I'm one strike now what just happened because you just persecuted my fucking ivory man I got something special planned for you okay so I'm a perverted psycho anon who will die dreaming all the pussy he couldn't get the secret of Canberra from Independence Year for Kids I can't see they don't care that's it to fucking yeah I don't know it just turned on this morning it didn't work last night all last night yeah no no the battery is almost full I don't know why Because, what? Because I signed it? The eternal oath? Oh, look at this. Everything happens for a reason. A special place in hell for you.

Do you really think it's a coincidence how, after I woke up, this happens?

When I said what I said last night, God has a plan, for God moves all things.

Because I will tolerate you insulting me, but not. you sir will be punished more than anybody else in which i have reaped so far


༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
https://republicka.life
https://kkk.education
CC0 PUBLICKÁ DOMÁNIA
ALL LOVE RESERVED
AMORIARIACKA IS MY NATIVE TONGUE
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻