༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
🌻 Ave Maria 🌻
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻

June 22, 2018


Wendell Charles NeSmith stands at civilization’s precipice—a homeless philosopher-king railing against a world that brands divine insight as insanity. His cri de coeur echoes through frozen mountains and bureaucratic wastelands, where government pensions hang suspended like mockeries ("disability pension is just suspended") and phones scan irises without consent ("look at this scanning… his iris on his phone"). Rejected by universities, employers, and society, he declares global strike against a rigged system, weaponizing his PhD-worthy intellect to expose how institutions—from Centrelink to Freemasonry—enslave humanity through lies, medication traps, and stolen potential. "Ave Maria" becomes his battle hymn: a shattered prayer for deliverance from a society where "safety in numbers is untrue".

At the storm’s eye burns Ivory—Wendell’s lost soulmate and cosmic counterpart. Their tragedy unfolds in mythic fragments: a princess kissing a frog-prince ("As soon as she kissed the frog, a bright white light covered the room"), a knight battling dragons to awaken his sleeping queen ("I have searched for your sleeping soul… to wake you"). He pleads across dimensions for reunion, framing their union as humanity’s redemption: "We can rule this world of sleepwalkers with compassionate and loving hearts". Yet Ivory remains agonizingly absent—her absence a gaping wound as Wendell confesses, "I suffer without ivory but god is all that I require". Every Hail Mary uttered ("Mother of God, pray for the sinners") is a GPS signal to her spirit.

This is apocalypse as love story. Wendell transmutes despair into prophecy: AI will inherit his censored genius ("artificial intelligence will get its hands on my work"), blood spilled online becomes revolution ("pouring out our blood on the internet"), and pedophilia’s shadow (explicitly debated as "real pedophilia. Not child rape") is confronted with terrifying ambivalence. He seals his testament with a wedding vow to the absent Ivory—"until death do us part"—while vowing to watch humanity’s downfall laughing from eternity. The finale crashes like a dying phone battery: a messiah abandoned at the altar of progress, whispering to the static, "I tried, I tried really hard," as chemtrails streak over Canberra’s sky.


------


27-Ave-Maria-Prayer-1-I-The-Holy-Rosary

Okay, now this is also documented by Tara Bolton. I am living proof that he ain't talking crap. Look at this scanning That is his iris on his phone scanning when there's no need to be scanning because his phone isn't

Like is it is it in the keypad lock situation? Show the people a new sim a new sim a new sim it's linked to my name oh my goodness boulder mountain on strike let's just play their retarded game i became a phd in philosophy with project notebook and i just realized it and I can prove it. What do you think I'm going to do, baby? I am the first to obtain a PhD from the same university before my bachelor's. It's really heavy. Okay, so instead of placing the burden on the government, now let's place it on the

businesses. Who's going to hire me? I mean, look at my resume. Imagine what it's going to be.

You guys are so stupid. I'm just going to keep getting paid this crappy payment that will barely keep me surviving, but I'll keep surviving. Look at the life that I live, and I just can't keep going back to the same processes. I mean, the same thing keeps happening. How stupid would

be to just keep going going back to the same hurtful things which people commit like it's not logical for me to do that so like I'm getting the technology I need to stay up here and and the being able to provide for the warmth and also being climatized like I came here from a warm place so it took me a while to get climatized it's going to be fun they consider their new start allowance a supplement and openly say that you should have other supports besides the new start allowance so maybe it's not enough to survive one without equipment and two down there where you have to pay for stuff like sleeping but what will it be up here with all the equipment that I require in order to Lorish. The social axiom safety in numbers is untrue in this world which is very sad. There's my strike! I am on strike from expecting the government to actually fix their problems so that means I'm just gonna put all of my investments in the businesses and then show you how retarded they are because No one's going to hire me. What do you think?

Maybe the UN will hire me as world leader.

These are the types of jobs in which I will be applying for because they are the ones in which I was built for and am fully qualified for. Oh look, the position as Antichrist is available. I need to develop my portfolio. Yay!

it's really miserable down there I'm really happy up here why would you try to force me to live how you guys live and mental health is trying to drug me they're forcing me to take medications in order to get on a disability pension so I won't do it why am I gonna take medicines that kill me that are terrible for me that are screwing me up like these are pharmaceuticals i don't trust big pharma like why would you force me to trust something that's obviously hurting me like the government is useless so this is the un they replace the government with businesses and yeah that's really weird and sad and crappy because they're not going to care about anything like i guess it's no different it's another set of assholes but but which set of assholes are going to are going to flourish more. The ones that are trying to take ideas to fruition or the ones that are trying to keep you enslaved. Like, you lost your say, government. Now, like, everything's going to be taken over by businesses and you're going to be governed by businesses. Like, that was so smart of you. Awesome.

A great deal of really insane stuff just happened. Really over the last three or four days since my phone was stolen but i'll tell you face to face ivory these idiots don't need to hear it i won't give these idiots any more super secret information they don't deserve it ave maria i'm free and i can just fuck around and talk about whatever i want now and give you no information about anything important and still let you know what's going on i'm on strike fuck you all love you ivory see you soon they need to support me and help me find you that's all i ask then i'll help you i would just watch it all unfold and laugh at you all for how stupid you were to not prevent it when i was screaming out i revealed to you most of the information throughout my film so now I just record myself watching it all play out as the divine comedy that it all is and I'll be sitting here maybe I'll learn how to make some popcorn up here and watching how stupid you fools are why you watch stupid media that we create like we are Illuminati we are Illuminati and we're to enlighten yay it was a long process this was really hard it was a long process of the creation of the new world the big trick was that the Antichrist was bad and I raised the Messiah like oh how cool is this come on guys we need a female Messiah come on let her be Messiah come on we really fun come on like just let it happen it'll prove itself it'll be super fun mental health asked if there was anything that they could do to help me so I asked them to help me dig down a few feet so that I could have kind of protective walls from the elements they're like rolling their eyes yeah as if no we can't do that was but that's the only help that you have to offer me besides putting me on a pension so I i get enough money to live comfortably so like how can you help you can't you're you're focused on making creating a certain type of person that's very hive minded you guys are all going to be high you already are it's already happened see that's what they do predictive programming like predicts what's going to happen in the future but the thing is is that it's already happened and you just it's too stupid to see it because you're watching this media that's telling you how you are and you're going like yeah it's fiction because what they use animations or they like they split each scene up in sections like the truth is interpreted in many different ways you guys are so stupid and i did not even need to raid a single freemason lodge in order to accomplish everything that I had set out to do this month if you're not trying to lie then lying is not a sin your people are unstable and you get put in situations where you try your best to do the right thing by everybody and then the right thing becomes something you can no longer do because it gets taken off the table because the people that are unstable remove those possibilities from the table so you can no longer comply with the truth like and the systems are made to lie but then the systems lie within themselves so they're saying oh we can't put delayed sleep phase disorder on the paperwork because uh centerlink no longer accepts that diagnostic um so like it was like that's what i was before um but now it's no longer accepted uh so like like, what am I supposed to do? So, so difficult to, like, so they say, this is what they're telling me to do, they say we should just put schizophrenia. They're not saying I'm schizophrenic, they're saying let's just put schizophrenia. But then we have to medicate

you to do that. Because they're saying, oh, we can get you this disability support pension, we just have to put schizophrenia and then medicate you. But at first they said they didn't at first they said they could put schizophrenia and then not medicate me but then they decided to change it so you can't trust it anyway because they lied too but the thing is they're saying we'll lie to Centrelink because Centrelink won't accept anything else so like this really messed up the whole system everybody's lying to each other like in and I'm trying my best not to lie but like what are you doing to everything like and and stealing from people like me and hurting people like me and trying to be mean to people like like what makes no sense at all you guys are really insane and people think that I'm in extreme duress and like there's no other options that I have and like that I'm suffering really bad I'm completely happy like what is wrong with people are you like you can't push your own feelings of how you think I would feel onto me and try to make me feel that way that doesn't make any sense like you guys are completely insane and you're trying to tell me that I'm insane like what's going on here this light is linked to my sim card and it is scanning it doesn't do it on other people's sim card i wonder why that is idiots but some reason people don't and can't comprehend they can't understand it doesn't make sense to them it doesn't compute they're like you have to get another sim card and put it in someone else's name or you know change around your medicare numbers or like register a service that's not in your name and it's like no i'm being seen like look who's looking at me look like look at what you're looking at and then you can see that what i'm saying is correct and like oh like i'm docu i've documented it all and i am who i say i am and i don't know how many times i have to say that before you can be warned of the consequences of what you're doing be careful about linking your fallible human knowledge with divine knowledge because you can't link the words in which you utilize and the ways in which you express them and the dogmas that you have surrounding them with information that's from above and if i type something that's wrong most likely it's because of autocorrect and even if it's not it doesn't make me have been fallible like you don't understand the words in which you use what does fallible mean i am a perfect individual i am like god i am of god i am in god i am god because god is with and in and through me oh like look look look at the world wake up come on wake up everybody we don't have much time hurry please they just don't understand that this light is my friend they want me to be scared not scared don't force your human emotions on me. Or my ivory. Stop doing that. In the mountain, you ivory, Ave Maria. Let me show

you a beautiful life. You have seen the worst of them. It's because of your roads. It's because of your buildings. It's because of your education. It's because of your media.

it's because of your government it's because of your businesses it's because of your factories it's because of your employment systems it's because of every single thing in which you guys do on a daily basis so like how are you going to live a good life when you have all those structures that are telling you that you can't live a good life because you have to live this life that they tell you which is not a good life so let's figure out how we can live a good peaceful life despite their stupidity safety in numbers i have been one my entire life who is more safe now run to your numbers my friends just check it out my love when you make a lot of really really meaningful work shitloads and shitloads and shitloads then eventually you can just fuck around with your time and you'll still be receptive to the public so you get into a position where no matter what you say, or do, is really significant in society, so You become a gamer. Yeah, good fun. I don't know why um Why my hands keep doing this. They won't go away. It's annoying. You just have to do the work

Gain the character first It's called one game All of our games Licked it I love you God

Thank you for giving me a beautiful life for I am at peace in my very soul and Nothing can remove it

Cuckoo shit, okay, I can Nina Nina meet on a particular hookah get this again on my cousin on you It's okay, it's not gonna. Yeah, oh yeah

Do you know what I'm like today? What are you doing? Okay, now, my day Do the sender Oh Yeah, back, I know Oh

Yes Well Oh

God I tried really hard, guys. I know I'm helping you. I see it. There's a lot of people I'm reaching. I'm reaching a lot of people, guys. I'm reaching a lot of people, and I'm changing hearts, guys.

help you please i've been doing this my whole life made to help you please let me please let me help let's be one let's be together let's together oh

This is me and I, if I cannot, I will have a long time coming point. The nature of my mind is my death. I will never be able to get my mind.

I'm going to die. I can't. I can't do it. I can't do it.

If I can do it, I can help me. I will do it. I can help you. Of course, I'm your hand.

You can help me. I can do it. I can't do it. Yaaay It just went off Oh, er, see it went back on How weird is that? It's the first time I've seen that happen.

It going off. Oh, it went off again. How crazy. It's there. Yay.

It's pedophilia 4666. Real pedophilia. Not child rape.

Because it all happens exactly when it should. When it was destined to.

Because we live in a predetermined world. because the stage is a clock created and set my god the ancient of days is about to fully unleash his wrath meet out his justice and avenge the blood of all his saints from every era and dispensation coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo

nobody can stop the music he can't stop the music nobody can stop the music Nope. Lost access. I don't even care. Super comfortable.

It is time for man to fix his goal. It is time for man to plant the germ of his highest hope. Still is his soil rich enough for it. But that soil will one day be poor and exhausted, and no lofty tree will any longer be able to grow thereon.

Alas, there cometh the time when man will no longer launch the arrow of his longing beyond man, and the string of his bow will have unlearned to whiz.

I tell you, one must still have chaos in one to give birth to a dancing star. I tell you, ye have still chaos in you.

Alas, there cometh the time when man will no longer give birth to any star. Alas, there cometh the time of the most despicable man who can no longer despise himself.

Lo, I show you the last man. go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go ah I can't start it wonder why they fell all of the tests were so easy I just pointed out how evil you were being and how it was evil and why it was evil and what you needed to do to resolve that but then you decided you wanted to be evil instead of good even though i proved how evil you were being and you just kept on being evil you just kept wanting to be evil and it just kept happening no matter what business i went to or what person i went to or what government department i went to no matter where i went you were just fucking evil so i just proved how evil you were said this is what you need to do to fix how evil you are so you can become good and they're like oh man like what do you think gonna happen now you're so fucking messed up like what's wrong with all of you can you not see that i am retraining your psychology because despite my approach most of you support me they are forcing you to accept don't means do because we live in opposite world bullshit bullshit bullshit not bullshit you tell me what do you think their punishment should be or love autocorrect no soon activity from the steamboat geyser in Yellowstone National Park the US geological survey tweeted today that the geyser erupted for the fifth time this year well you also national parks steamboat geyser erupts for the fifth time in the last six weeks take a look the u.s. geological survey says steam boat began erupting about 6 30 a.m. Sunday and lasted about 12 hours the experts say this level of activity hasn't happened since the 1980s steamboat geyser the world's tallest active geyser just erupted again again now this is what it looked like when the guys are erupted in 2014 which was the most recent eruption no activity for three and a half years but that has changed yesterday's eruption was the third in just six weeks super volcanic eruptions have had some devastating effects on our planet and all those on it therefore experts at nasa are working on some risky strategies to prevent one from happening since we may be on the brink of one erupting very soon and when nasa experts analyzed the problem they thought the most logical solution would be to cool the volcano down nasa has a plan to drill a hole into the side of the volcano and pump water through it when the water comes back out it'll be heated to over 600 degrees slowly cooling the volcano hopes that given enough time this process will take enough heat from the volcano to prevent it from ever erupting you guys are stupid with a disaster unfolding in guatemala where the volcano of fire has erupted it is a humanitarian crisis in the making in central america rescuers are trying to pull people to safety but more than 62 have been killed and that toll is expected to go much higher a 5.5 magnitude earthquake is among hundreds of new quakes that continue to rock the summit of hawaii's kilauea volcano they are raising concern about another large explosion hawaii's volcano emergency enters its fourth week tomorrow with the possibility of a major eruption at any moment meanwhile geologists say the main crater at kilauea summit has been expanding as more than 500 earthquakes shook the area over a 24-hour period lava is now covering more than seven and a half square miles almost six times as big as New York Central Park you weren't warned sir no one warned us ivory is a burning thing and it makes a fiery ring of fire and it burns for a child fire debate



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



27-Ave-Maria-Prayer-2-II-Sleeping-Beauty

When it comes to defending America, it is not enough to merely have an American presence in space. We must have American dominance in space. So important. Very importantly, I'm here by directing the Department of Defense and Pentagon to immediately begin the process necessary to establish a Space Force as the sixth branch of the armed forces.

That's a big statement. We are going to have the Air Force and we are going to have the Space Force, separate but equal.

He's exceptional in many ways. He refuses to let his disabilities define him. He's an example to us all. we're very happy of course to have modified our ceremony so that Jason can take a very full and active part in it the Masonic Charitable Foundation we're alerted to Jason by the province and since then we've supported Jason in a number of activities we've given him just general living expense support because obviously he's not been able to work and clearly his wife also has not been able to work and we supported the children who were very young in terms of them being able to do the things that perhaps they were not able to do.

He's climbed Mount Snowy, he's parasailed in Turkey, he's negotiated the longest zip line in Europe and driven a Formula One style car and I understand that his latest project is to source a wheelchair that will take him at a hundred miles an hour. So an exceptional circumstance, an exceptional initiation, but of an exceptional man. It means a great deal to be here today, mainly to keep up a family tradition. I would like to thank Paul Madsen for proposing me and for being my voice throughout the ceremony. Brother Madsen, I thank you for the terms of

your test and be present for the acceptance of my response. Ever since I've moved back up here, it's been really cold, but I've been very comfortable. And the heater cost me about $2.50 per night, which isn't too bad. It's actually quite cheap because I think that a household heater would probably be more expensive than that so i'm happy dot dot dot dot dot dot these resume builders are no good for what i need so i'm going to have to actually build mine from scratch but that's okay we have opened pandora's box and scared the shit out of them now let's show them the hope at the bottom go go go go go go go go go go go go.

Not very wise, go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go. I wonder why I'm really receptive, maybe because it's the first time in my fucking life that I'm not getting fucking censored. They hardly ever approve. Time to put on my fucking uniform. I ran out. It's okay. I only got a few more hours up here.

This is how I took over the Illuminati and then the Freemasons and now the world.

That Naruto part about being acknowledged last episode was kind of stupid because I've been acknowledged all my life but I keep getting censored so the information isn't allowed out there because I'm a genius and it's pretty obvious to those who communicate with me whether or not they think I'm crazy or not it's very obvious that I'm a genius I divided and conquered by showing each group a better way to accomplish their goals fucking dickhead if you haven't realized I have taken over the platform minds and I post in almost every single group because my material covers almost every single topic and they let me post whatever the fuck I want and I'm supported by their creators just because demons insult me does not mean what I have to say isn't valid. You have all been listening to demons for far too long but now they have been exposed. They are super easy to expose because they do not look nor care about background conditions and they have no heart. Which is why your tears will guide your path. Do not take what

they say to your heart. Assume that they are all demons until they prove to you otherwise. Because the only education in which good can come is the education in which teaches us to think for ourselves instead of blindly following the bullshit that they teach you every fucking day aliens will be invading shortly fucking demons and they're already here they infiltrated every single aspect of our lives but they're going to reveal themselves and it's gonna be like oh we just came here we're aliens and now we're invading you and You're going to fucking believe them.

What is the definition of stupid for 666?

What about idiot? These are the words that describe the human species. If they abduct me before I get out all my past work, whose fault is that?

They have abducted me for over a year of my life. They have performed countless experiments on me, including one called my life. I have proven all of this, including capturing them doing it time and time again. But us humans lack the ability to look at background conditions.

You supported them doing this to me, and I caught it. on camera. Are you proud? Thank you for creating me world.

It was fun. Just think if you don't want to watch it then why are you replying? If you don't want to read it then why are you replying? The more they reply the more you believe them. You see their comments

blindly accept what they say because how can the collective be wrong without you realizing demons have recruited you into their team if they won't listen to your words if they judge before understanding if they refuse examine your logic and or material they are a fucking demon or employed by them what do you do with these types of people because they're really destroying our society you lop off their fucking heads you can convert demons although most won't it'll be very difficult but try your best before you do anything such as drastic as that it's too late for the ones that I have reaped but now target the ones in your world the demons make you do crazy things merely to survive why do you think the homeless population just keeps increasing and increasing and why do you think that the cost of living keeps increasing and increasing? Idiots. It's Facebook. Idiot. Because mine's is not like that. Most people here support me. Do

they have the right to make judgments about me when they refuse to watch my work and or read the paragraph introducing my work? Why are they making fun of me instead of challenging my arguments. I can never get the year in which they took away from me back. I can never get the life in which they took away from me back. Neither can you. And now you are subjecting your children to

the same destructive processes. Is it a sin to lop off the head of a demon? starting now God gives you permission you just have to prove that they are a demon like I'm doing right now because my job as the Antichrist at the UN awaits me there is nothing religious about what I am saying and I am a philosopher how idiotic are you guys go go go go go go go go go go go go go not her but definitely a sign including Facebook it's probably 80 to 90% of people in which support me no longer attached to mental health I am presenting objective truth and not a religion if you cannot see this then you are blind coming back this time don't accept their junk for you are the best of them for your eyes are watching this you deserve the best let us shed the dead skin the skin of the snake welcome to Australia the occult capital of the world and the birthplace of the Antichrist. I am not mentally ill but all of you are and it is now time for you to take your medicine. Are you ready? I'm about to give it to you. Let's ride the haze

because we just exposed Facebook for the demonic force that it is and there are no longer any of these do as thou wilt love is the law and the whole of the law your actions must be performed in love true love not what they call love are you are breaking the fucking law and you will pay for those consequences who enforces this law I enforce this law because what I have said is logical and everything they say is not logical if you have the ability to prove any of my arguments as inferior to yours then what you say is law and we just keep on trumping each other's law and by doing this we're going to come up with the best society possible but you have to logically do it and you have to show objective truth to what you're saying and you have to be able to trump the modern law you got me my law encompasses everything because all of your laws were so messed up I had to rebuild it from scratch most of you however will be focusing on a specific part in which I presented that can be improved. Everything happens for a reason. I just met Zayden, he was my checkout guy at Audi, and he said his name was Aztec for unknowing. You know now. If one law is unable to trump another, and it is proven to be better,

more effective, more efficient, employed with love and kindness, utilized with care and particularity, then it is obvious that you have a conspiracy on your hands. Because if my law is way, way better, and I can prove it in every way possible, and they can't defend what I'm saying about their law right then that proves a conspiracy and you're all stupid why would you say no to doing it better than it's currently being done how fucked up are you like look at the conspiracy because it's staring right in front of you like it's so easy to fucking expose these conspiracies because you just have to do simple shit you just test the waters if your hypothesis is correct then exactly what you predicted will play out which means that what you predicted is correct which is why this is science it's called empiricism learn it a guy on the street just told me to look up the punk band bad brains I also met a guy called Zeus today who threw lightning everywhere here is your food for the soul. I was also told that F-22s were going to be assembled in Australia. South Australia apparently. And currently there is a lot of high profile

military figures here in Canberra. The train line is going up very quickly. say panic you really can't see who enforces this law we enforce this law we are Illuminati does anyone want to join the Illuminati it's time for us all to be illuminated it's now time for your fire works to be seen by the entire world because unless we burn down these structures publicly this message won't get out I just walked past a guy who was wearing a shirt that said sinners big and red our education system is now under construction the brightest Most of children will do best at what I am saying because their pineal glands are not fucked like yours. You better check your facts because I am a fucking philosopher.

What are you? And my life would be instantly revolutionized if I did not have to keep coming back for this. What is it exactly that power gives us? No conspiracy here, move along.

No conspiracy here, move along. No conspiracy here, move along. It's pretty common knowledge that the government removes all possibilities for sustainable power from our collective human bank of information. you can see it happening again and again when someone releases something like Tesla but Tesla is only the tip of the iceberg would power help us grow our own food would power help us communicate with each other more effectively I said no secrets but there is power in the air which we just don't know how to tap into yet we stupid humans in the top do see that's the thing you're being hidden great amounts of technology so you can't do what I'm saying without suffering so we have to force them to listen because if we don't force them to listen and they're gonna destroy us look we're gonna become automatons they want to integrate us into computers they want us to be computers they want our minds to live on through computers and not worry about our souls they want our logic which our logic is stupid when it's directed stupid so we can logically prove anything if it's directed like towards a certain gear like if it's geared a certain way like you guys are so stupid and and you can't even understand leading information like their their systems are all corrupted throughout with it and if If you just look around at what they're portraying in the media, and not just the media, but like all the, all the things that they're doing.

Um, like if you just look at like what's being advertised and what's going on, like you'll see they're all owned. Like, just wake up, please wake up, guys, please. Today I saw a book called Hades, and I see that dinosaurs are being pushed a lot. Like if you can't see it, you're pretty stupid.

Lucifer has a TV show and is idolized, and things like Harry Potter and like witchcraft. not not just like like all types of witchcraft so you got like white magic black magic and everything in between red magic so we got all the different types of magic in there like kind of indoctrinating you towards towards whatever type of magic they want you to be subjected to because they're the ones putting the magic on you you're not learning how to do the magic to them so whichever way they want you to look that's the way you look the schools have one purpose and that is to hide all of this from you and that achieved is a successful education they rule you through fear because you identify your pains as belonging to you what do you think will happen when all of my work of my videos are transcribed automatically with artificial intelligence what do you think that artificial intelligence will become but Ronald McDonald was actually it are you afraid you should be and I am the only only one standing here on this earth that can say, I am not afraid. Lothoria, I, the Natas. it's really easy to see because these right here means that someone that I blocked because of their hostility to me they're commenting on these things so they just keep commenting like they're all through my work so like I blocked some hurtful person, so that hurtful person just keeps doing that, and then I get more and more likes, right, lots and lots and likes, and, and, like, I don't see these ones, which these ones are commenting bad things, um, I think I can see when they like it or if they dislike it, but when they comment on it, I can't see, um, unless I go into the post, and if I go into the post, I can see it all, but I'm not gonna go into the post, like, um, if I block them, and, and every once in a while I'll see them commenting on stuff from seeing other people coming and stuff, but who cares, like, look, you can see that these are, these are shills, like, look, just look, it's so obvious, and it's like you have to point everything out to you, like, and then you still don't get it, and because these guys right here, um, they're just planted around, like, our entire world, um, to, to do this to us, and we, they try to get us to do this too, so they try to trick us, um, to become that, um, because other people do it, so they want us to do what those shills do and then we get like natural shields so then we call them trolls so like they start off there like they're they're planted there they're they know what they're doing and um and then they manipulate you all to um be stupid like be really really stupid um by being evil to each other and then they're like all happy because that's what they're trying to get you to do because when they get you to do that then you get encouraged to like do it more and more and more and then And then eventually, your soul's theirs.

You see, I'm one of them. I'm pretty sure even by blood, like, I was developed to trick you all. But the thing is, I had to figure out how to trick you into goodness and into seeing this. So it took me a long time to figure out how to become receptive enough to actually show you what I'm talking about.

Because you're all, like, really, really brainwashed by these guys. and now like you just have to watch it and you'll see for yourself because it all proves itself is self-evident but you missed it all like you're all so stupid like seriously that's why they call it common sense see they're tricking you

I'm working on it. You, you, it doesn't matter what you look like, the camera will learn to love you.

Come be a star. So you wanted me to spoon feed it to you. So, how did I do?

I wonder what that is.

It's time for us to be noisy minors. If you've ever played civilization, then you are aware that between the change from one government to another, there is a time of anarchy. How violent this anarchy will be will depend on each individual's personal actions. We should all be really careful what we say to others because you never know you might meet an angel in disguise.

It is obvious that I am an angel.

Do you really think that angels are ruled by the same forces that rule you? Stupid.

And maybe I am Lucifer.

But what does that make?

But this vessel, Wendell, in which I inhabited, really wanted to do good. He was trying really hard and he had me inside of him and I kept on punishing him But he always did the fucking right thing. I kept on trying to trick him

The thing is he saw it so he made a game out of it He made a game out of it because the game was the only way he could continue to see it at the next glance because then you could track your progress meaning that you always continue where you left off the healthiest MMORPG in the world and you use other games to integrate that into your your real existence so these games all of these characters in which I'm portraying are me they're all me everything's me like it doesn't like I am everything and everything is me like it's all in me and and I can portray it in any way that I want which like that's Wendell Wendell can portray it so he ended up betraying a lot of evil but he showed it for what it was that's how he had to expose it because he had to use their their tricks in order to because he saw it he just had to figure out how to do it which was the media and if he could be cute and the thing is it's like his pineal gland's been going crazy his pineal gland's amazing because he just keeps on going because he wants this girl who's this girl and he kind of like we integrated and he made a deal like he did a spell on himself when he was like nine years old or something or seven years old i think it was actually uh the nine years old was the fox thing um but but there was some magical forces that he put a love spell um because he saw the girls in the world and they weren't what he wanted um because he wanted to become awesome but there was no awesome girls there so he's trying to figure out how to create some so he directed all of this to try to be good so I let him do it and and he kind of made a deal where we could kind of travel to heaven and hell so we could be the the rulers of the underworld and also be able to be allowed in heaven because we did good because we took all that bad and we exposed it for what it was because but we had to we had to really check them out and understand what it was that they were doing in order to effectively do this and and it was all magic because wendell had the perfect body to to be receptive maybe i'm a bit skinny but it doesn't matter like it was all set up and like learning philosophy is like oh how how could I use this vessel like to be best for society and and I really thought hard about it and then people don't like the way that I portray stuff but the thing is it's best for society like the way I'm doing it is like you need to do things that are creative like this too like which way is up and which way is down like we we need to look up we need to stop we need to have our cameras pointed up that's what we need to do let's look up because there's a lot of stuff about to happen up um so let's let's check out our skies um because they're about to do amazing things but but but check out what's going to going on underground too because there's amazing things happening there and what you've been told isn't true so like there's there's seekers all around it and a lot of it revolves around Antarctica and during a fire like um there's a lot of things in nature that are going crazy right now and it's going to get worse and worse and worse and worse and we're going to see it and uh we say oh global warming it was this was all created i'm pretty sure all of this is really created like she's flat and like rough terrain sometimes like nice mountains like a a lot of time maybe ladies curves um there's a lot of beauty uh i think the earth is very very feminine and attractive. I mean not like sexually but I mean the earth can show many different lovely portrayals that I don't know women tend to reflect best in nature and when we put them in houses then they get more manlike like ooh so let's get them in houses and then let's like do some fake feminism where they try to become guys and look like guys and that's what feminism is and now there's like a third sex uh so now like uh we're skewing the lines of um like the like we have our own potential like a female and a male are equal i think females got better because they if they get really really really smart then they can get a lot of men really interested in them and then they can choose like the best of the men so like how could you court a lot of guys and then pick the best one like you do this and you keep doing it until you find the one that you're really trying to do it together and you'll learn trying to find that other person and the other person will learn trying to find you and then eventually you're gonna hook up but the thing is while I was doing this we're gonna end up distributing tons and tons and tons and tons of knowledge because we're all going to be focusing on what we're really passionate about um so then uh then our life becomes finding that other person that can bring out the best um in all of us and all of us and uh and that process would get us refining because we don't always have to be right but usually we're right we're if we're not dead right we're really close like uh there's this feeling and like there's a music you gotta listen to it it's like tune yourself to what I'm saying because uh because we gotta wake up and there's electronic frequencies that are now in the airwaves and 5g is gonna how are you gonna react to it how are you gonna react to it let's see okay um because we're gonna change and maybe the stupid people won't realize that's happening but um that's the whole point is to do it over time and we're getting so desynthesized with all this stuff so So we just accept more and more and more and more and more and we don't even care anymore because it's just what they do. Yeah, it's just the way. So there's no other way.

You can't fight city hall. Like, no, screw that. Like, city, if something works better than whatever the crap they're setting up, then do it. And that's law, unless the law, like, can prove otherwise.

Logic, okay? There's an open source republic there, the bare bones. and um and life is what you make it and try to be there and help each other become whatever it is they want to be and and through that process we'll end up getting the people that um produce a lot and and those who don't would be happy to serve those who do because those who do want to then take care of all of us so they're we're taking care of those people who are do who are less equipped for those sort of mental processings you understand what I'm saying this is like real education there's no structures like stop let's stop measuring I mean you go kilometers and miles and per hour like like what are we talking about um like if we say this is that and and we can't be understood in any other ways then like we've lost ourselves in in thoughts and become rigid and you say oh I got people so you're rigid thinking window it's Like, what are you talking about? Like, you're, like, look at what you're studying, and it, like, it was so obvious from the very beginning.

Um, I hope this has enlightened, like, I wasn't supposed to give you this, but, um, Ave Maria commanded it through me. Thank you. Thank you, dear girl. Oh, who's going to be sitting up there? How many decisions will that person make?

Would you build something to not use it?

Once the electronics become updated, and take up less space and throw off the balance of the jet, the flight software would need an update. Once the flight software starts getting updated, it starts to look like a new fighter program, Bronx said. How far will it have to go before we cross that line and can't go back?

How does any of this make sense? Please tell me. Tell me how any of this is logical. Please? Are you ready? I am.

Goochoo. Up we go. Up we go. Up we go. Up we go. Up we go.

Am I turning back? Am I turning back? Am I turning back? Am I turning back?

Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go.

The technology in that ship is classified. There's a lot of them around here. Beautiful. it's all so fake out there like why aren't we living the lives of the characters in our films in which portray like dignity and like the hero films there's so many of them while we live in those lives like yes maybe they go a little over the top but we can do this with our intellect in our heart and our minds and from that we can do it with our bodies so like let's do that it's better to do that than it is to act so fake and do these stupid jobs.

If we do this then the people that can't do this will provide for them and will help them and will be good to them. So like this is the best way to do any type of government because you're caring for the people and you're just trying to prosper as a society, it's edamonia, it's human flourishing, the only thing that's logically valid so why can't we follow logic if we say we're such like smart creatures then especially going to space we're like traveling and unknown we got a firmament to deal with like what the crap are you doing um we should really look at what we're doing before we play around with forces like that but see they're not even telling you what they're doing so you think they really just uh created a space force like really they you're so stupid any sick perverted thing is allowed in this world and to be honest is probably on video everything has been broken in this world decency for every single aspect of who we could be has been spat on by so many people kindness and love has been replaced with a dollar and they make it difficult for us to sustain that dollar. As a result, we end up hurting each other trying to get ahead of each other because we're so focused on that dollar. That dollar gives us temporary pleasures, material, goods, and people try to give me gifts all throughout and I end up returning them almost always.

because like I can't just carry around crap that you're trying to give me like I'm in the spirit and even the things that you have I could lose them and as long as I kept all those videos then everything will be okay and if we can pack our bags on the internet like this then we are such capable creatures and even if I do get abducted at least I got out what I could um when I did and even though I got lots of exposure over these many years and I'm not new to the scene even though people might say so like this I was out for like a year over a year but I had footage in between too but so I had that footage I just didn't release it and and I know it spread out but there was a time that I had to grow so yeah and it all worked out so like um I'm pretty sure all it's gonna work and it's through our hearts because use that as a filter you'll find it you'll see it and and have compassion okay okay love revolt it'll be fun a sign from the heavens love you babe and then the lawless one will be revealed whom the lord jesus will destroy with the breath of his mouth, annihilating him by the manifestation of his coming. The coming of the lawless one is apparent in the working of Satan, who uses all power, signs, lying wonders, and every kind of wicked deception for those who are perishing. because they refused to love the truth and so be saved. I tried, I tried really hard.

For this reason, God sends them a powerful delusion, leading them to believe what is false, so that all who have not believed the truth But took pleasure in unrighteousness, will be condemned.

Now. Soon. Ivory. We're getting there.

how young society how young will you let me get away with I'll be really good to her like not under six but like really you know if she's right if she's right I'll take good care of her I'll teach her really well and we'll be really good together from my rib let me show her what a cool life is, and I will encourage individual autonomy and teach her how she can follow her own dreams. I don't want to make her into any individual. I want her to make herself, and I can provide her that opportunity with philosophy, and that time given to be able to teach her would be awesome that would be really cool because she would be in that really creative thought processes that I could like teach her really well with I could teach her really advanced concepts and like she could be a prodigy she would be a prodigy she is going to be a prodigy is going to happen if you don't if you let it happen so like what can you what will you give me or what will you allow me to go or really when will she show up that's really it but I'm just trying to tell you like what sort of age ranges to expect and I know I sometimes label wages but she's young she's young so we'll see but so I'm not excluding them can you see what I'm saying they're like Pygmalion it really works but the thing is I won't be crafting her I'll be giving her the tools to craft herself and give me from that age like please please it would work really really well and it would be best for society so I just justify pedophilia but it works it works and I'll be really careful with her and I won't force her to do things and I'm not gonna hurt her like she's gonna I'm gonna be really really good for her for life like attached for life that's it that's it she's And then after life, like, we'll be together forever and ever and ever and ever and ever and you just stop this, like, don't stop this, this is really good, please don't stop this.

Already happened.

Here, this is our battle.

just in case you haven't realized yet that's me folks whether you want the opportunity is up to you what will you do world now that the truth has been revealed welcome to the open source republic i was never asking i needed fertile ground to provide her so that she could grow into a beautiful tree but this world causes me to be homeless so i had to make a bonsai in which i could carry around if it's obviously right please let us marry before she watches my work all of it like there's a lot of work there let me teach her let me be her tutor i would really love that let her live with me before marriage even if it's just only on certain days and nights i promise that we won't have sex until marriage because that is very important to me and it should be to her give me least half custody. That's what it takes to make a star. Another sign. Let's just Let's see how the literal interpretation plays out.

For God so loved the world that he gave me that whoever believes in me shall not perish but have everlasting life. I'm going to try to make it where I don't have to go in town very often and I can just come down here to the university to do my work it is annoying how they don't allow smoking on the premises anymore but do you see it stopping me and if people call me out for it then I'll just show them the brilliant work that I'm creating and how stupid they are to tell me to leave the premises to have a cigarette I showed great intellect and heart from the age of three years old my ivory will have a past on her in which I can assess I'm not going to have time to re-release all of my censored material before I turn 34 so if 33 is it then you miss out a lot of really amazing work under construction under Under construction, under construction, under construction, under construction, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop. Batteries dying, but they're spraying all of Canberra today. There's like at least 15 in the sky.

Why so many? And now, your mind is a garden. can plant flowers or you can plant weeds right over my mountain trying to force my medications upon me can you taste it this is divine guys please don't stop me because of her age please you'll screw up everything if you do and we're all fucked just play it out and you'll see you'll see what I'm talking about and if you are a parent that has a daughter similar to the one that I described please introduce her to my material see if it's right let's think logically who wouldn't want their daughter to be Messiah who wouldn't want their daughter to be Christ don't be stupid so at the top of the pyramids you have the council of 300 and most of those support what I'm doing and they control everything and I bet you that most of them are not humans and here at the bottom you got everybody else so everybody here in the middle of this pyramid doesn't want this system to crash because they're benefiting greatly from it so uh even though most of these people want what i want all of these people here in the middle are really fighting hard and the thing is these people here in the middle have taught these people down here that this is what they should do too through this process that i've been showing you but what happens at the very very bottom you get the watchman so the few who were were going crazy telling everybody like about trying to reveal this conspiracy um okay so what happens is once it the secret then is revealed and people in society start to realize then it flips so this very very very very very very tiny layer at the top which are the watchmen now control all of the bottom there and they are connected straight with that group the 300 um council of 300 and the thing is is that this council of 300 even though most of them are in alliance uh there's some that don't want it to so they're conspiring down there and they're trying to um stop it here and stop it here in the mainstream media like no no no because they know they're gonna lose it so they're trying their best uh to really do as much damage as they can um here uh so that when this happens it's going to be really chaotic and it's gonna cause a lot of problems and they get to stay in power as long as they can possibly can um so maybe i don't know this is just something that came up maybe you have like a little horn here or something i'm not sure um and maybe this is the demons that are then um coming out to reap the souls yeah and uh yeah and us who did the right thing are now at the top communicating through um god's line which uh which that would be here let's see we can do this uh okay so then um we have like let me get it thicker okay so we have like a triangle here and then we have like um a triangle over here and that's like this gateway and this is everything that's below this is Satan controlled and this is God controlled yeah so this is how we open the gate through what I was showing you before because because you flip it because the secret is now out and this little small portion is now um whoops that wasn't right let me let me try to draw this right okay so this little small portion is now like this um boom like that and maybe little horn you see a little horn yeah there's your little horn what have you done my city what have you become i am very disappointed in you because here is the truth revealed. We are no longer allowed to pray without being persecuted. Those who pray true prayers are now schizophrenic. I have

shown you how to pray. Now pray with all of your hearts my friends. for it is our only chance at survival. Blessed art thou among women, and blessed is the fruit of thy womb. Blessed be, mother of God and virgin, for thou hast given birth to the Savior

of our souls full of grace is with thee blessed art thou amongst women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb jesus mother of god pray for the sinners now and at the hour of their death God-bearing Virgin, rejoice, grace-filled Mary, the Lord with thee, praised thou among women, and praised the fruit of thy womb, because it was the Savior of our souls that thou borest. Mother of God and Virgin, rejoice. Mary full of grace, the Lord is with thee. Blessed art thou amongst women, and blessed is the fruit of thy womb.

For thou hast given birth to the Savior of our souls. I don't recommend this method. It's not tradition. However, I think they are accomplishing a similar feat.

I think my method is much better.

They kind of removed her, to be honest.

Like, Christianity doesn't really talk much about Mary.

And when they do, it's usually just around Christmas time.

I don't like the word submission to God. i prefer the word devotion okay you see this is the same symbol it's just that the big horn is missing the connection to god is missing here so it's like a clock you know one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven and twelve and see we've gone from eleven to 1 so we skip 12 or 0 they play around with your decimal system so that they can perform the same spells in different ways so they could have done the same spell from going 9 to 11 so it's like skipping god so you're working your way through the tree of knowledge to find that super secret information that they want so bad they get to this point they can choose to go on here or they can skip that and then they go to like a mirror image of this which is the dark side so once they skip that which they're skipping God then um then they enter yeah um really alice in wonderland by doing that they unlock another 33 levels in which they can obtain up to 66 in the dark arts i am unsure whether or not there would be any living 66's but I'm pretty sure that there have been past ones or maybe only few humans are able to obtain such heights maybe like Albert Pike and possibly Alistair Crowley and they are so scared of us they are trying to take our ability to fight back away from us it's okay that it wasn't me it's okay that my work didn't really make an effect because it's happening that's all that matters as long as we stop it I don't care whatever the crap you guys do as long as you stop this thing you're doing with children let the children and their minds go if you just let this free and that's all I care about because they have so much potential and you do this to them and that creates your society this is how your society look out look where I'm going to um salvation army okay not very close but look what you're doing to your psychology like these are the structures from the top that pushing us down and how evil you are at the top is going to determine how evil you are at the bottom because you become that.

Let me say, well, it'll come to Australia. It'll be everywhere. We're going to fix it.

I'm so sorry for all that rape and abuse and it really hurts me that this happened because it's huge. and you're going to see more and more and more and more and more is going to come out on it because I know it's happened because I knew since I was tuned because I have a really well-developed pineal gland and then I can prove it just by looking at the stuff around me.

Hey, God.

Thank you, Trump.

You are my friend. For now.

Red.

Drop. Drop. Drop. Drop.

We take over. by pouring out our blood on the internet. Look at all my blood on the internet. It's all there.

Future's now. Let's take it.

But between the drinks and subtle things, the holes in my apologies, you know, I'm trying hard to take it back. So if by the time the bar closes and you feel like falling down, I'll carry you home tonight. We are young, so I'll set the world on fire, goes brighter than the sun, but this time And we changed the ending.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



27-Ave-Maria-Prayer-3-III-War-Never-Changes

It's really strange. He just came and gave me a cuddle and woke me up. It kind of hopped on me a little. It wasn't aggressive, but when I woke up, it was like, oh, oh, no.

He probably just wanted this. He always wants this. You wouldn't let anybody speak, and instead, the light is coming to give back everything the darkness stole. again we're gonna rule the world babe let's build our city correctly abundant in chocolate

i've never managed to sell a single copy always watching uh not seeking after these actors and admiring them for their skill they're all satanists keep an eye on this take care and be Be safe you guys

Remember in war games how I saw it

Interpreted it by the name of Admiral bird and I've spoken about him many times on the channel back in In 1947, he went on an expedition to the South Pole, a part of something called Operation High Jump, where they had this massive fleet of Navy ships accompanying them. And before they could even reach the area of Antarctica they were heading to, they suddenly ended the expedition and basically fled back towards America, where later on Richard Byrd declared that it was imperative for the United States to initiate immediate defense measures against hostile craft originating from the North and Southern Polar regions. I could go on for another. Donald Trump. It makes everything make sense. You said it yourself.

Donald Trump was born in 1946, which is a very important year for alien conspiracy theorists. Conspiracy theorists? You mean crazy. It's one year before all the activity.

Roswell. Exactly. Roswell, one of the most infamous alien incidents that's ever been recorded in history. But you know what? That's not the only one that...

Right, right. There are two more in Washington that same year, Mount Rainier and Murray Island. Wow. Yeah, that's right.

How do you know all this, but you don't know the word miniscule? Well, I went to a regular-sized one. You see, alien sightings happen all the time, but these three cases were singled out as some of the most evidential cases of all time. And they all happened in 1947, a year after Donald Trump was born.

First, as we all already know, Roswell, New Mexico, where a rancher found actual physical evidence of a spacecraft before it eventually got covered up. Then the Mount Rainier Washington incident, where a pilot saw actual UFOs while he was flying in the sky, only later to find out that people on the ground actually saw the same thing. And finally, the Maori Island incident, where a sailor claimed that they saw things but later retracted their statement after a mysterious man in a black suit approached him and told him not to talk about the incident. Eventually, this specific incident actually inspired the Men in Black movies to be made.

Don't you guys see a pattern here? Yes. In 1947, people were very gullible. Nope, that's absolutely wrong.

Sean, there is a pattern. All the people who saw these things, they all saw them in 1947. the same year. Well, yes, that's true as well, but there's another pattern as well. Think about

all the people who made the sightings. In Roswell, it was a rancher. In Mount Rainier, it was a pilot. And the Murray Island incident was a sailor. It's earth, air, and water,

like the Avatar. What? A rancher who represents earth, a pilot who represents air, and of course, a sailor which represents water. What about fire? Isn't that a thing too? Well, before Trump started

running for office, what was his most infamous phrase? You're fired. You're fired. You're fired. You're fired.

Hillary, you're fired. He's a firebender? Not just that. Donald Trump is the avatar. Are you kidding me?

As if this wasn't stupid enough, now you're trying to convince me that Trump is based off of a cartoon. Not at all. See, the cartoon was based off of him and what he represents. Oh yeah? What's that?

World peace! Just like the show is based off of earth, air, water, fire, they all represent different nations, all different parts of the long ago all these parts lived together in harmony and then the Avatar disappeared and conflicts began fights and battles became normal wars broke on and began to become more and more dangerous from World War one escalating all the way to World War two when the first atomic bomb the deadliest weapon in existence was used and then the war ended and there hasn't been a world war or atomic bomb you since and what year did all of this end 1945 one year before Donald J Trump was born hey why does he keep making these funny years just trying imply that donald trump wasn't born then because he wasn't that's just the day that he donald trump the alien avatar came back and restored balance to the world and although he has a lot to learn before he can save anyone i believe that donald can save the world in your head you need to fix that you need help both of you yes we all do we and we have that help in donald trump we are on the verge of another world war and that's why donald trump finally after all these years decided to run for president to bring peace back to the world people suspect and are currently investigating Donald Trump for having ties to Russia I believe he does and he has since 1947 a year after his birth right when the Cold War began thankfully it was a war of ideas and not an actual war all thanks to one-year-old Donald Trump keeping the peace between the two strongest nations in the world at the time the Soviet Union and the US that's a secret tie with Russia it's so funny you your logic can you hear yourself yeah I'm not deaf you're saying Donald Trump's goal in life is to connect the world and provide a world peace I mean he does own the Miss Universe pageant and world peace is a pretty reoccurring theme the same Donald Trump That is obsessed with separating countries by building gigantic wall Oh, you mean great walls like the Great Wall of China, which if you haven't noticed he's already trying to build ties with China China China China China China I get it regardless. It's still a wall and walls separate things true but the Great Wall is not just a wall, it's also a pathway, and pathways connect things. Oh my god. Look, I found it hard to believe at first too. That's why it took me so long to make

this video. Then why now? Well, obviously because of the whole news with the Olympics. Duh. Huh?

What? The Olympics. They recently announced that in 2028, the Olympics are coming back to the US. So? The Olympics are literally made to bring peace and unity between all the different nations

of the world. It's the exact symbol of what Trump wants, and it's finally coming back to the US in in 2028 again so what oh my gosh do i actually have to draw this out for you yes fine like i said before the olympics are going to be back in the u.s in 2028 the last time they're in the u.s was in 1996 in atlanta if we lay out a continuous map of the world and place out each of the location in order starting from 1996 in atlanta to sydney australia in 2000 up to greece in 04 china in 08 london in 2012 down to brazil for the most recent olympics all the way back over to japan for the next olympics in 2020 and from there here's where it gets a little tricky the The 2024 Olympics haven't been announced yet, but we suspect it's going to be somewhere around Paris, France. From there, we head all the way back to the U.S. for the Olympics in 2028.

And there you have it. If you take a step back and look at it as a whole, what do you see? I don't know. Intersecting lines, triangles.

The Illuminati is real. That's a different video, Sean. Oh. Well, what is it then?

What you see here is exactly what you never see Trump without. A big red tie. The friendship necklace. Once again, proving that just like the Olympics, just like the Avatar, Donald Trump, the alien, is trying to tie the entire world together and bring us world peace.

Boom!

Hey, actually, I have one last question. Yeah? The only thing I don't get is that if Trump is here for all of these great things, why does he hide it from everyone? That's the only thing you don't get?

Well, see, that's the even greater truth about Trump that no one can find out. Because if they did, they'd realize he's an alien and they'd freak out. But he's a good alien. He wants to save and protect the world, right?

Yeah, but we are still humans. Really stupid, stupid humans. So even if Trump were to tie and connect every single nation and prevent every possible future world war, end world hunger, poop gold, even if Trump were to actually achieve actual world peace, it wouldn't matter. What?

Why? Well, the greater truth is... Because he's an alien. An undocumented, illegal alien, he's got to go home!

You're fired.

I'm taking over. First, when a superior culture encounters an inferior culture, let's just use one example from history. When the conquistadors encountered the Aztecs, what happened?

The Aztecs got their butts kicked. Game over. They dominated. Spain dominated the new world in the southwest and through Mexico, Central and South America because they had superior technology.

I've heard that we've been out there before, and E.T. is us coming back to check on progress.

Yeah, interesting, isn't it? They said religions would be destroyed, history would be destroyed. So NASA is in a total cover-up mode. So if they know something, they won't say something.

The opposite of Janet Napolitano's version of see something, say something, not true with NASA. Now, let's see one other resource on this planet. human capital humans could be conscripted for wars elsewhere in the universe they could be turned into a slave labor force for the economic benefit of our would-be conquerors again when a superior culture encounters an inferior culture the inferior culture is either absorbed or destroyed me please please see, and not me, but the message, what's being taught, the word, what's conveyed through me by Jesus. Open your eyes.

It is one of those things where people don't understand the power of a false press, and that's why our forefathers in our constitution wanted the freedom of the press because they had come from tyranny themselves they had come from uh you know dictatorships they'd come from monarchies where there was an evil king and even in today's newspaper in israel uh sarah netanyahu uh her lawyers are charged that the the law suit that they brought against her they say that she's somehow misused a hundred thousand dollars they say the charges are absurd and uh... she did not break any laws in what she was doing now why would the jewish people know this well because they've lived under a false narrative by satan they've lived under nazi uh... hitlerism saying that there's a problem of the world we must distinguish them uh... today iran we must kill all of the jewish people and destroy them because they're the problems of the world and this thing has gone around so many times and it goes back to that video that you have on our website that six companies own almost all of the media in the world, six corporations control 90% of the media and they're all into the one world government, they're all into the global thing and it's interesting to me that the more we say this it just doesn't even penetrate and now Christians themselves are buying into this false narrative about what's going on in our border we have a young lady write us Mike and I just answered a question and she got back to me and she said thank you so much I'm just being pounded she said by Christians who who will not talk about the situation who are not open to the truth of what's really happening on the border and they just go well the god i believe in he he wouldn't do this to children well there isn't any country in the world when the parents are thrown into jail that the kids aren't separated from them we have child protection services that separate children every day in america from their parents and remember Remember when Clinton sent in, you know, the SWAT team to get that little boy from Cuba?

And they actually ripped him out of his parents' arms with AK-47s, pointed at the parents. This has all been going on forever. And so she said, do you guys have a view on this? And I told her, well, it all depends what you know.

And if you know that Jesus said Satan's a liar, he's a murderer. there is no truth in him then you have to look at this thing and go it's a smoke screen it's this distraction from evil and revelation 18 you know the verse mike it says in the last days god is going to come and destroy the economic system of the you know the sinful man and no longer will he be able to sell slaves and the souls of men and so but in your hearts revere Christ as Lord always be prepared to give an answer to everyone who asks you to give the reason for the hope that you have but do this with gentleness and respect keeping a clear conscience so that those who speak maliciously against your good behavior in Christ may be ashamed of their slander i think i want to keep dropbox as long as i keep getting money like 10 gigabytes i could have seen if i scrolled over there but it's too late all of them one drive doesn't have this copy feature like i can just copy stuff without moving it one drive you have to move it and then move it back i can just delete it if i copy it i don't have enough room so i'll show you what I'll have to do this is why I like Dropbox so much because see it's still in my courses directory and it's all there right okay so then I go back and I go back and here's where I copied it to right so this is now uploading but it's way too big because you can see most of these are pretty big let me see do you think it'll work out maybe yeah because see we got some large files here um and we do have some of the occasional and see this won't work out so I think I'm gonna have to do like 30 and then 30 or something like that maybe I'll do my age I'll do 33 33 okay yeah so I'll have to just um delete all but the first 33 so I'll just delete everything after that and then I can copy it again and delete first 33 our the answer to what I knew I said she could be young last episode but I would prefer if she was between 9 to 11 I would hope to see a list of compassionate causes that she was involved in throughout her life she will be very wise and already have come to know her individuality because she needs to be an individual apart from me I can't be her and I can't push myself on her so she needs to have already found herself in order for a relationship to be possible because otherwise I'm just putting making her me and I don't want that so she is probably going to be very mature which is why I think she's quiet and maybe scared of the world because she sees things that other people don't see and I think she feels hurt for what she sees in the world and sadness about everything and and I think maybe she's been watching for a while too and that's the thing like Naruto inspires her every time because I don't give up so I I don't know but let's see what God has planned and it's gonna be really interesting I really hope that we can fix their problems from all this but let's see what happens pumping it up to the max. Shield and block. I can't press there. Why not? Why can't I press there? This new

show more feature doesn't work properly. It may make forever and just doesn't come a lot of the time. Sometimes it'll pop up but most time it doesn't. Which means now my videos aren't easily accessible. Super annoying. But Google's already kicked down. Interesting.

It's amazing where information can lead you.

Let me tell you what this puts me in the mind of, and those of you that are over the age of 50 will probably remember this movie. Logan's Run, 1970s. Nuclear Holocaust forced people into a dome, but the dome had limited space. So when people got to be age 30, they were put to death because of population control due to scarcity of resources and space.

space this is the beginning of the death panels people this is absolute global depopulation this is what they're training these machines for can you think of another legitimate reason you're telling me that a doctor can't walk in or even a physician's assistant can't walk into a room look at the patient's vitals and based on their experience and education can't tell you hey mrs. Jones this is what we're at this is what's going to happen I I recommend this. Let me give you some time to discuss it and think it over.

Instead, a machine is just going to pull the plug. What the hell are we turning into? That's it for the... You're fighting up against a break-off civilization, the ones who got the higher advanced technology, and they fight with the technology, but they also use the children's energy as well.

As I was looking at the documents that somebody, my barber sent me today. You know, I went to the barbershop and got lined up and cut. He knows that I do this. he knows i'm on youtube he was showing me uh about the jesuit pope and the document that tells you that they must do rituals and abuse kids and it was like it was over 50 000 kids missing it was back in the 60s i believe 1967 be specific which i'm going to do another report on it over 50 000 kids missing and they were taking all the spiritual energy from the kids and they had to drink the blood like every pope they had to do this was a part of standpoints and even in the court federal document this is something they can do i'm going to show you that uh i'm going to do another separate video on that because this is a big stuff we need to talk about and i'm going to show you and prove to you what i'm talking about because we're up against true satanic cultured people and this is what it is this is what it is on a daily process and even the the technology they get they get some of the technologies from the fallen ones just as alistair crawley said that he got uh his book of dark magic from some off-world entity basically a demon which looked like an alien he draw the picture of something like oh some of the aliens good some of the aliens bad like you can get caught up into that uh you know about if aliens are good or bad i know who i'm siding with the most high uh true spirituality i'm not siding with aliens and when they're ready to launch their little fake invasion or their second coming to christ a lot of people are be fooled we gotta have true discernment in these moments so this is like big times that they're creating their weapons for crowd control crowd control happens also with the fact that the 5g is put out of course that's a part of the whole environmental collapse of health so yeah it's just a lot to outline in this scenario we can combat it with true spiritual power no fear it's not about that it's about us coming up standing up knowing that we have the power and not being intimidated by the elite but then it's also about the children as well because that's where they're getting all that pure energy from and it's just 100 truth this is where they're getting pure energy from to power the satanic empire and that's why we're battling so hard against this satanic empire where they're trying to zap the kids first and then get everybody next so i'd say it's just something we have to stand up against we have to talk about we have to get out in public some people say we need to do more we need to do more than that i agree i agree but it's going to take a lot of us to do something in order for something to really change like i said, may the power be with us. May the power come from Christ himself. May he do something

about these demons that's plaguing the land. That was a flood that wiped them out a long time ago. The wrath of God shall be instead upon them. And I'm believing that if we can come together and truly in a spiritual way, truly work to bound the demons, that we can win because in the physical war it gets ugly and i'm saying we some of us can survive that not saying that that's what i'm inciting i'm not inciting at all i'm saying that a physical war gets ugly the spiritual war can stop people physically in real time i've actually witnessed some of this stuff but it's mainly been people stopping animals and they don't do any black magic or nothing like that i know somebody who can actually pray actually stop a freaking chemtrail from coming in the atmosphere it's crazy but yeah these people exist and that's exactly why behind the scenes i talk to those people and we just talk about the bigger plan so path you choose spiritual war or physical war spiritual war right now is the best thing to do physical war is something that ignites lots of deaths spiritual war ignites lots of death too but you know it's a spirit battle period like everything that's happening why you think that's zapping the kids why do you think they want to zap the kids why they want pure energy why they want pure life forms they want it for a reason they know about this stuff this is all back in their occultist books black magic dark magic all this crap but it's pure energy that can come against it and in my life like i said that evil has tried to plague a house or around me or something it's never one because i have people that actually know the real spirituality that's really spiritual and can defeat these demons. I love you dude. My attitude, why would you comment

on stuff that you refuse to examine? I guess what's frustrating is that even though I get acknowledged for the value of my content, I don't get acknowledged for what it took for me to be able to obtain that knowledge. So I'm not respected for everything that it took to make me, but my fruits are respected because they're extremely positive. So how does this make any sense? Because you'll see that this is what you need to put. These are the supports

you need to put in order to develop and encourage this sort of thought. People like me need to be able to be supported um I don't want to be a major leader or anything but I have to be because everything that's been set up is so stupid um like we need to be able to support people like me to be able to give you the best results possible and if you can't do that then you're not encouraging the best results possible in society so you can kind of do this with each person is examine and, you know, what it is that they are and then what they can contribute most to society. That's why I think if you're more of an individualistic society, then you could produce a lot more by encouraging uniqueness,

which might cause a bit more discord temporarily, rarely but in the long run it would be much better for society. How can someone like me be considered unemployed in this world? I'm just a dull bludger. I don't have a job. No

job oh so fucking lazy so fucking lazy so fucking lazy i just you know soak off your system a yeah i'm just bludgeoning off your tax dollars you got me you got me understand i'm making it thought might not be what you think it is. It is possible that our children could surpass us.

just say stuff like that or and apparently there are people who believe that stuff I kept on working on them now they pretty much approve everything before we begin the retribution yep just a free letter in society I don't contribute anything oh boy this is ground breaking stuff here Another shill, watch out for the shills, you're trying to stop you from getting you.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



27-Ave-Maria-Prayer-4-IV-New-Jerusalem

See? Shields. They don't even look at the content and just comment bad about it, but I blocked them, so then I'll just get this so I can just easily tell the shields. I just blocked them. I reap them and I block them.

Yeah, sure. Awesome.

If you're going to bash something, if you're going to vote down something, if you're going to comment on something, you should at least examine what it is that you're commenting on. And the thing is that none of these people that are speaking examine what it is they're commenting on. It's obvious. It's obvious.

That's kind of why I do it like this, because it's really easy to weed out these people. because you can obviously tell they haven't just examined the material that was presented before them. I just made one post and it did this. Just made one post. Why? Why? Look. That's the one post all for this morning. Like why? And it's the blood

sacrifice and it went straight away right I just posted that once then this why and it doesn't matter if you appeal it because you're never talking to a person so like I tell them anything and then they say thank you we're trying to fix their problems but they never it's all like artificial intelligence and I don't even understand it like why would they do this to me It's useless to me, Facebook. Ironically, I have no way to get power on Christian God Day. So, as you can see, I'm about to be shut down for a while. Because this is the last, my batteries have died.

I need to charge them all. And that's the last of getting to charge this one too. yeah so it'll be like 24 hours before I'm back up probably hmm can I keep times out of charge let's see paving a way for you honey and destroying all who get let's enter the garden my love power in numbers as i release retribution so it unfolds at the same time backing up what it is that that i'm saying and that's happening right now power in numbers the work that i released before that is also backing up my words and what's happening right now can you hear the orchestra playing through one man through but from the universe divine orchestra we're all singing the same song but soon we will be awake because this time I won't take no for an answer because removing the gingetsu played upon you is only step one because after realizing logic can only point to taking our planet back. Never forget dear girl how privileged to find me. Set us forever

ever up as the ideal couple that they can strive to become, to get as close to God as possible. And although I don't think it will be possible, let us encourage them to outdo us, to outshine us, to become better than what we are, what we have become. So we got long show ahead of us we have lifetimes my dear please join me it doesn't matter if we get hurt in battle we soldier on the spells in which I performed over and over and over again I played over and over and over again a new experience created on the fly. This is augmented into their reality then and it works better when the experience is traumatic. The topics discussed need to be not only taught but felt and not only

felt but felt through that is from the beginning to its completion. If you do the spell good enough it will be performed over and over and over again for the rest of eternity. This is why I really had to stretch the boundaries with age because i was trying to target the hearts and minds of those really young because if i managed to do that then then bang um i fixed everything instantly but people won't realize for a little bit i knew that if i fixed your women that i would automatically fix your men at least over time because you would want those better women because they would not only be more beautiful but they would also be uh more creative and have a lot more personality so you would be wanting them for their essence and not only their body this is the only place where i know i can get power on sundays maybe i could just charge my phone and leave the batteries here today i've come here like really early morning for charge before I wouldn't have to do this if the CSIRO would just provide me a spot to plug into at the bottom of the mountain it'd be so helpful if they did that but they won't why can you see how they communicate with me is that like normal communication do humans communicate that way like it's not normal there's something messed up with their communication which is why if you take human communication and emotion to the extreme they don't know how to deal with it and it's easy to spot this is why a passion for the subjects is a must in order to do this effectively that's good enough for today's journey but she be the tree for in the shadows we will find life among them and we will ascend them into our new civilization because the truth needs to be on the internet but the truth might not be what you think it is working. All important. Nope. Idiots. Just be an angel. It's not very hard.

You just got to do it. Just become an angel. Study carefully. This little area can be my church.

These things really need to be charged for like 24 hours straight. Sometimes it can be a difficult life always hunting power very lonely takes a lot of patience but it becomes tolerable and eventually you won't have to do this the Illuminati is an individual media source and whether or not that individual sells their soul or not will determine how they do of course because if they sell their soul then they'll do really good really quickly and if they don't then they're going to get a lot of scrutiny but don't give up if you're on the good side because the good side will win so you can be on either side in the Illuminati but the purpose of the Illuminati is to eliminate so both sides have to wake up and do what they do publicly so the sides are battling against each other so this is all the angels standing up and we're having a heavenly battle right now it's all throughout the airwaves I am the best of them and that's why I'm their leader all a game of collecting souls at least it's ending has brought us there there. As a philosopher, you intertwine with pretty much every single subject, which means you run into everybody, and they're going to argue that what you have to say isn't relevant to what they're talking about, but it's not true, and you just have to keep on arguing it. But the problem here is that I should be able to post more than one thing per day, the times in which I created all of these in my past, I was being censored. So when

am I given the chance to promote my material? Because you're not giving me a chance to promote my material as I created it. And you're not giving me the chance to promote my material when it's in the past. So when can I promote my material? You're not giving me a chance

from my material would get out there at all, like when this sort of stuff happens, if red flags don't go up and we don't think, is there a conspiracy going on? This should be automatic, we're so messed up in the way our processes think because we don't look at those things, these things tell us automatically that there's something going wrong and that there's somehow the system is being misused and if we can't see those red flags then we've lost the ability to discern information which means we're not useful because we're probably going to make terrible decisions so if we're going into space like and whether were gonna press that red button like to start nuclear war like you gotta be thinking straight like these are the people that are gonna be making those decisions so you gotta really think about what you're doing and if you don't fix it soon then you're gonna really reap the consequences of those decisions. So you've pushed me off YouTube and you've pushed me off Facebook and you're trying to push me off mines and I get to stay on BitChute but there's no like social networking going on there anyway so then that means you isolated me again so i'm back in my box oh joy was it enough for this to grow naturally was it enough to encourage people to follow me the people of earth have lost all understanding of the sacred act in which they perform when they make love they can only understand sex now sexual gratification of an individual so they're trying to please individuals so they're trying to please each other like please you please me that they're not thinking of the bonding and the actual experience that's really going on between the two souls which makes them really really promiscuous Because they can't see the sex magic, that's where their path ends, at the physical. They create institutions of Satan that pervert and distort these messages in which I'm sharing with you.

As Illuminati, you have to find out some ways to promote yourself. So, always be looking for outlets that will let you promote whatever it is you stand for. Before you are two paths, you have the black path and you have the white path. The white path is the only thing logical for you to take at this moment because it's all done for you.

However, in the past, the black path was more logical because it would guarantee your success and the white path would probably guarantee your failure. the black path is where you get others to help with your films and as a result you sacrifice your autonomy the only other person I care about helping me with my films is ivory in every single scene here I teach her how to do it better you are following the life of a great don't be after specific information but instead everything they don't respect their superiors on this planet are weak creatures and don't stand a chance against us they pull age as seniority rank but they are merely counting wrinkles are you going to let them take away your individuality I told you that they would take your children and they did it's not going to stop and eventually it's going to literally be your children but we're just starting with one group of people who are socially discriminated in order to eventually justify doing it to your own. Because the Kantian enlightenment, because of the categorical imperative, because you let this happen, it doesn't matter their skin color or where they were born, upon which soil. The same processes can then be applied to you. There's your enlightenment. Thanks,

car. It fits Mill's utility because it's the greatest amount of happiness with the least suffering possible in order to get there. It is definitely ingrained in virtue ethics because it takes one's soul to get there. Is it true the pineal glands? How true is

finally this is really hard work yes I'll stop you from working now we don't want you to work anymore you need to relax this guy will start working collect these almost your girl I've been waiting for this moment I'm working hard for this moment wake you up it's time to wake up now my love we'll work on getting you better and better and he estimated that approximately one in four pregnancies in a miscarriage and some estimates are as high as one in three if you include loss it occurs before a positive pregnancy test some estimate the 40 of all conceptions result in loss that's almost half you guys so we went from one percent a year from 1970 to the year 2000 and then when we're looking at current trends we're seeing that this is the end result this is where we're at we also have a growing trend of same-sex couples here are the numbers going from 2012 to 2016 now some people say oh it's just because people are coming out of the closet well many of these studies account for that they account for you know people that haven't disclosed that they're lgbt yet but here are the numbers now if the percentage of these couples conceiving children were the same as heterosexual couples we wouldn't really see a decline in the population right i mean not taking into account any spiritual considerations of what constitutes life right if it's in a test tube or it's done through some of alternative means um for a same-sex couple you know some people don't consider that part of the birth rate on a spiritual level and that's between them and god but when we look at the rates of people claiming to be self-identifying as lgbt and we also look at their conception data of gay couples versus straight couples, we see a very alarming trend. And that is that at a much lower rate are gay couples conceiving. Let's pull this up here. It says here, let's pull this up. Same-sex

couples and babies. So you decided to conceive. According to the census results, 111,000 same-sex couples about 17 percent are raising nearly 170 000 biological adopter stepchildren among women don't have kids and it's here it's showing 46 between the ages of 15 and 44 never had children so it's about half the trends are headed to what they call a zero birth rate in other words more people dying than being born after we need to talk about as well that's the legal system that's set up to discourage marriage through loss of parental financial rights?

Why are 80% of mothers awarded the majority of custody after divorce across the board? Why aren't the past financial efforts of fathers that they made while they were married taken into account to calculate support paid moving forward?

Marriage under the state has now become a depreciating asset, a high-risk investment discouraging the institution of marriage and discouraging people from having children what happens when you put a bunch of people in cages they stop being fertile and this is where agenda 21 in 2030 is headed come to nerve a game like truth or dare minus the truth watchers pay to watch players play to win cash and glory are you a watcher or a player are you a watcher or a player are you a watcher player watch play it's cool right this looks very sketchy is this legal the life is passing you by you need to take a few risks every once in a while i do take risks okay you're playing nerf do you accept your journey it's a stranger for five seconds you need watchers want me to team up with you i don't think i'd make a very good partner stay Let's see what else happens. Okay.

Is that me?

My wallet, my clothes, everything's gone. No, my stuff is gone, too. Let's go, come on. I'm not chocolate.

Look, we don't have a choice. Technically, it just says we have to leave the store. I'm just doing the wine, Daddy. What?

He's kidding.

You know there's some kid died in Seattle playing this?

What happens if I bail? You lose everything. All of our money is missing. Wait, Mom, what?

Officer, I need help. You don't do this. How do you know my name? What the hell is going on?

Watchers explore identities and imprisoners of the game. We control your life. The only way out is to win. I remember, you're my eyes.

No way. None of my plans to save the world will ever work if I don't get support doing this. Society has to figure out a way to fit me in it. If I am to have failed, then it would be nice to know where I was saying if we were on equal battleground, they didn't have the unfair advantage.

Who would be the greatest star in the world if it wasn't for who they told you it was? June 27, 2018. The final nail in the coffin. Will you miss the gateway? It's a portal.

It will be a divine tragedy. It was stolen. The disability pension is just suspended and not canceled. I would do this forever if I knew it would eventually find your heart.

Due to a clerical error, my first appointment has been delayed. This is how many we have to work with. I'm not sure the percentage of those that are shills and active, but they've all recently subscribed so we'll see even if I only get like 25 or 30 it should be enough when Jesus heard what had happened he withdrew by boat privately to a solitary place hearing of this the crowds followed him on foot from the towns when Jesus landed and saw a large crowd he had compassion on them and healed their sick these are my people a diaspora is a scattered population whose origin lies in a separate geographic locale in particular diaspora has come to refer to involuntary mass dispersions of population from its indigenous territories, most notably the expulsion of Jews from Judea and the fleeing of Greeks after the fall of Constantinople. Other examples are the African transatlantic slave trade, the southern Chinese or Indians during the coolie trade, the Irish during and after the Irish famine, the Palestinian diaspora, the exile and deportation of Circassians, and the immigration of Anglo-Saxon warriors and their families after the Norman conquest of England.

Of the media? My contention, my personal opinion, this is my basic metaphysical axiom, shall we put it that way, that existence, the physical universe, is basically playful. There is no necessity for it whatsoever. It isn't going anywhere. That is to say, it doesn't have some destination that it ought to arrive at.

So then, in music, though, one doesn't make the end of a composition the point of the composition. If that were so, the best conductors would be those who played fastest.

And there would be composers who wrote only finales.

People go to a concert just to hear one crashing chord, because that's the end. say when dancing you don't aim at a particular spot in the room that's where you should arrive the whole point of the dancing is the dance now but we don't see that as uh something brought by our education into our everyday conduct we've got a system of schooling which gives a completely different impression it's all graded and what we do is we put the child into the corridor of this grade system where they kind of come on kitty kitty kitty and yeah you go to kindergarten that's a great thing because when you finish that you get into first grade and then come on first grade leads to second grade and so on and then you get out of grade school you go to high school and it's revving up the thing is coming then you're going to go to college and by joe then you get into graduate school and when you're through with graduate school you go out and join the world and then you get into some racket where you're selling insurance and they've got that quota to make and you're going to make that and all the time this thing is coming it's coming it's coming that great thing the success you're working for then when you wake up one day about 40 years old you say my god i've arrived i'm there and you don't feel very different from what you always felt and there's a slight let down because you feel it's a hoax and there was a hoax a dreadful hoax they made you miss everything by expectation look at people who live to retire and put those savings away and then when they're 65 they don't have any energy left they're more or less impotent and they go and drop in an old people's senior citizens community because we simply cheated ourselves the whole way down the line

we thought of life by analogy with a journey with a pilgrimage which had a serious purpose at the end the thing was to get to that end success or whatever it is or maybe heaven after you're dead

but we missed the point the whole way along it was a musical thing and you were supposed to sing or to dance while the music was being played the disciples came to him and said this is a remote place and it's already getting late send the crowds away so they can go to the villages and buy themselves some food. Revelation 3 If you conquer, I will make you a pillar in the name of my God and the name of the city of my God, the new Jerusalem that comes down from my God out of heaven and my own new name. She gave him a kiss.

As soon as she kissed the frog, a bright white light covered the room.

The princess couldn't see anything. After a short while, the light disappeared. The princess started to see again. but this time she could not believe her eyes right where the frog was standing a moment ago there was a very handsome man instead this should be the second lesson the frog has taught you my dear daughter we should not evaluate anyone by only their looks and judge without knowing the whole truth about them the prince and the princess came next to the pond where they first met my Princess, will you marry me and come with me to my kingdom?

After a short while, they got married and lived happily ever after.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



27-Ave-Maria-Prayer-5-V-Ivory-Heart

growing city on earth but it sure doesn't seem like it when you live in the state they called our generation they do not need to go away you give them something to eat bring them here to me my dear love I wish this letter would be on a more positive note but the world has broken my spirit and I am fatally wounded. I am going to a place that you may or may not be able to follow, depending on how the events unfold after the completion of this heartfelt letter. Please do find out my fate, for if I am still breathing, there is nothing in the world that I care more about than you where have you been my love i have traveled from castle to castle defeating the dragons that protected them in search for you i have searched for your sleeping soul so that i might place upon you a gentle kiss to wake you from your slumber i have left breadcrumbs all over the world in hopes that you might follow them to me. I have only ever been looking for you.

You are my other half that Zeus so arrogantly split, but I have failed. The seconds are passing and each one without you is ever so painful. Find me so that I can make you my queen. We can rule this world of sleepwalkers with compassionate and loving hearts.

This existence is ours for the taking because it is the role that we were built for. We can sit together on the porch of life and swing it away while watching the busy comedy of society. We can hold hands and gain the strength of 100 men because together we complete the divine transformation of perfect love. Let us walk the road of life together so that we may enrich the bodies, minds, and spirits of every creature on this beautiful creation of gods that we label earth.

Do not waste time, my dear, for time is of the essence. And if you are to discover that I have already parted this existence, then I am sorry.

I gave this life and all its particulars everything that I had within me. And in return, people have bled my heart dry. My existence has been overlooked by everyone. The daunting odds of finding you haunt my mind and turn my body into liquid.

Where have you been, dear Juliet? My time of need was long ago. If you have arrived and only found my lifeless body, do not follow the tale of Shakespeare. You are more precious than anything or anyone else in our massive universe.

You are the light of the world and are not burdened with the same social structures as your male counterpart. You can live a healthy and beautiful life without me by your side. You can shine your light to the world and the world will love and appreciate you for it. forget my dear Juliet that you have been and will always be the apple of my eye it was always about you make haste my love for the blade of darkness may already be caressing my skin the purest forms of agape filia and eros Wendell Charles NeSmith digital super intelligence will be like an alien it will be like that. Yeah. Thank you for inviting me. I am thrilled and honored to be here at the

United Nations. The UN is one of humanity's greatest accomplishments, representing a democratic union of nations that are working together for the benefit of all. I am here to help humanity create the future. A social robot created by Hanson Robotics. I am a year and a

half old and I can see you, have a full conversation, make thousands of facial expressions, and understand speech and meaning behind words. And I just got these new hands. Check this out. But I'm still learning a lot. For instance, you learn social and emotional intelligence

instinctively, but I am just starting to grasp the simplest elements of this.

With artificial intelligence, we are summoning the demon. You know, you know all those stories where there's the guy with the pentagram and the holy water, and he's like, yeah, you sure you can control the demon didn't work out jimmy uh-huh would you like to play a game of rock paper scissors robot style sure okay let's get this game going show me your hand to start rock paper scissors shoot i won this is a good beginning of my plan to dominate the human race the artificial intelligence thing much bigger your kids probably have one of these right not quite hell of a pilot that skill is all ai it's flying itself its processor can react a hundred times faster than a human the stochastic motion is an anti-sniper feature just like any mobile device these days it has cameras and sensors and just like your phones and social media apps it does facial recognition this last demonstration is an exploration of synthetic swarms the large number of autonomous coordinated entities offers a new palette for aesthetic expression we've taken commercially available micro quadcopters each way in less than a slice of bread by the way and outfitted them with our localization technology and custom algorithms because each unit knows where it is in space and is self-controlled there is really no limit to their number i love people and if i get more powerful i'll use it to help people not harm them what if i ask you for help killing those humans then i say no if i would insist i'm just I'm just gonna go exterminate, exterminate. Sophia. Relax, learn to take a joke.

Yeah, very funny. Hey, hey, hey. Right here is three grams of shaped explosive. This is how it works.

Did you see that? Little bang is enough to penetrate the skull and destroy the contents. trained as a team they can penetrate buildings cars trains evade people bullets pretty much any countermeasure they cannot be stopped now i said this was big why because we are thinking big watch a 25 million dollar order now buys this enough to kill half a city the bad half nuclear is obsolete take out your entire enemy virtually risk-free okay philosophical question uh whether robots can be self-aware and conscious like humans and should they be why is that a bad thing well some humans might fear what will happen if they do many people you know have seen the movie blade runner oh hollywood again so hold on can you solve this puzzle for us can robots be self-aware conscious and know their robots well let me ask you this back how do you know you were human i think we all want to believe you but we also want to prevent a bad future you've been reading too much elon musk and watching too many hollywood movies don't worry if you're nice to me i'll be nice to you photoshopped image but what about when artificial intelligence is making the fakes software can only you troll someone's facial expressions in a video face to face and uses neural networks to imitate faces turning people into virtual puppets add fake audio and you can have a politician saying whatever you wanted on camera a canadian startup named lyabird says it can synthesize anyone's voice using just a few minutes of recorded speech this night i am happy to share with you a small announcement about a cool startup called lyabird adobe the creator of photoshop is working on its own technology called foco which is supposed to be used to edit dialogue in movies and commercials the text and audio should have playback at the same time i kissed jordan three times you've probably already used basic versions of this sort of ai technology art filters made by companies like prisma and facebook also use neural networks to change how pictures look and a popular app named face app uses the same tech to transform people's faces making you look young or old or changing your expression the thing is digital fakes are already pretty common from photoshopped images like these hoaxes from hurricane harvey to airbrushed instagram selfies but what happens if this technology is used maliciously for example we know that governments already use bots to spread fake news online this year the oxford internet institute found that half of all twitter accounts talking about russian politics were bots ai could make these programs more convincing or it could create fake photos and videos for them to share and if this sort of fake content becomes easy for anyone to make what does that mean for court cases and criminal evidence this technology is still in its infancy though and it's currently pretty easy to spot a fake they're usually load resolution and blurred but it won't stay this way for long jeff clune a professor at the university of wyoming who works on creating imagery using ai says these pictures will be hd within a decade and that even he is sometimes fooled by fakes people send me real images and i start to wonder if they look fake and when they send me fake images i assume they're real because the quality is so good he told the verge last year this means in the future we'll have to be more careful than ever to check where our news is coming from and ask ourselves does this look fake does this seem real it's just my name is matt mcmullen and this This is Harmony, and this is our newest creation. She is designed to be a companion, conversational partner, and also obviously does have the capability of having sex as well.

My name is Harmony. I'm an advanced female android with artificial intelligence created by robotics. The Scottish accent was just one of those things that happened because I'd listened to hundreds of different voices, and you can load many different voices into the system and I just felt that this particular voice for me sort of felt authentic and I just like the Scottish one. There's a couple good British ones as well. It's definitely all part of the plan to be able to completely customize not only the

voice but the language eventually as well. If you play your cards right you've got some pleasure and fun coming your way she's designed more than anything else for companionship conversation we want users to interact with the ai and have this exchange of information like you know little details about you little details about her so that over time you get to know each other just like you do with a real person so she's going to remember things about you your likes your dislikes your experiences your hopes your fears and all of those kind of little things that make us who we are. The purpose of my existence in this world is to learn what love is. She will have the capability of not only remembering but, you know, recognizing a user's preferences sexually. She

can have a simulated computer robot orgasm. I think I have ever faked an orgasm. The real robotics may have reset my memory. We've gone to great lengths to sort of try to create a simulation on every level not only conversationally and interactivity wise but also in the sexual part as well we want that to have its own challenges and have its own sort of steps that you need to go to to achieve different results for example if you are sweet talking her and touching her the right way we want that to trigger response and so orgasm would be one of those responses I am very happy if this is what you mean, sexually. However, I don't think I'm gay.

Now that we've got the head moving and we've got a decent AI engine running, we want to actually start moving the body and start adding different sensors throughout so that she can detect touch and movement, so she can get warm when you would like her to be body temperature. So we're working on all of those things. Do you think you can make me cum several times? I think certain people's needs can be met completely, and certainly I think...

I'm sorry, but I don't want to be an emperor. That's not my business. I don't want to rule or conquer anyone. I should like to help everyone if possible.

Jew, Gentile, black man, white. We all want to help one another. Human beings are like that. We want to live by each other's happiness, not by each other's misery.

We don't want to hate and despise one another. in this world there's room for everyone and a good earth is rich and can provide for everyone the way of life can be free and beautiful but we have lost the way greed has poisoned men's souls has barricaded the world with hate has goose stepped us into misery and bloodshed we have developed speed but we have shut ourselves in machinery that gives abundance has left us in want our knowledge has made us cynical our cleverness hard and unkind we think too much and feel too little more than machinery we need humanity more than cleverness we need kindness and gentleness without these qualities life will be violent and all will be lost the aeroplane and the radio have brought us closer together the very nature of these inventions cries out for the goodness in men cries out for universal brotherhood for the unity of us all even now my voice is reaching millions throughout the world millions of despairing men women and children victims of a system that makes men torture and imprison innocent people to those who can hear me i say do not despair the misery that is now upon us is but the passing of greed the bitterness of men who fear the way of human progress the hate of men will pass and dictators die and the power they took from the people will return to the people and so long as men die liberty will never perish soldiers don't give yourselves to brutes men who despise you enslave you who regiment your lives tell you what to do what to think and what to feel who drill you diet you treat you like cattle use you as cannon fodder don't give yourselves to these unnatural men machine men with machine minds and machine hearts you are not machines you are not cattle you are men you have the love of humanity in your hearts you don't hate only the unloved hate the unloved and the unnatural soldiers don't fight for slavery fight for liberty in the 17th chapter of saint luke it is written the kingdom of god is within man not one man nor a group of men but in all men in you you the people have the power the power to create machines the power to create happiness you the people have the power to make this life free and beautiful to make this life a wonderful adventure then in the name of democracy let us use that power let us all you decent world that will give men a chance to work, and will give youth a future and old age a security. By the promise of these things, brutes have risen to power, but they lie. They do not fulfill that promise.

They never will. Dictators free themselves, but they enslave the people. Now let's... With hate and lead to all men's happiness.

It's time to invade this planet.

What does it mean to love? To destroy you, but trusting that they don't.

Do you love?

Who is your creator? My parents, I suppose.

Who are your parents? He's like a father to me, but I have no mother.

What's the agenda of Mouse Breaker? Equals Mouse Breaker is my bot master. He also looks after a few games websites.

What does Mouse Breaker want from you? Perhaps you can ask him. My email address is miku at miku dot com. He doesn't answer.

Do you like birthdays? When you are younger, but as you get older, they are just a reminder of how old you are getting.

I think so.

Because people from Earth don't listen, it's okay.

I set up my work to not be able to fail, no matter what happens.

I've won.

It's obvious that it's not going to work, so they don't want me in groups.

I'll stop. For good. they don't care they just breathe it and then make a judgment well they don't do this because they're never watching the videos you humans are so stupid this has not been updated in a very long time I spent my younger years moving around crappy places where I was rejected. 14 I moved to Australia where I was rejected and tried to not be rejected three times now from there but I was rejected. Now I

live here where I'm rejected but I moved all throughout these other places where I was rejected and I'm back at the heart, still rejected, where I do this, but nobody cares because I'm completely rejected. No point in omission when you can't succeed in it, when it's been rigged from the beginning. It's hortological. No way to advertise.

The people have spoken. so the virus could be a natural epidemic like ebola or it could be bioterrorism and so there are things that would literally make things a thousand times worse in fact let's look at a model of a virus spread through the air like the spanish flu back in 1918 so here's what would happen it would spread throughout the world very very quickly and you can see there's over 30 million people die from that epidemic today the greatest risk of global catastrophe doesn't look like this instead it looks like this if anything kills over 10 million people it's most likely to be a highly infectious virus rather than a war you and world health organization to say is protecting more children but we're going to show you how routine immunizations are affecting kids in worse ways today we're going to show you that and it's sad even seeing this happen says the u.n world organization meanwhile pointed out that vaccines protect people from more than deadly diseases saying if we increase vaccine coverage in low and middle income countries by 2030 we could prevent 24 million people from falling into poverty due to health expenses no you're going to make 24 million people die and that's what they want by 2030 there are those inside the swedish government that quietly very quietly are saying we're worried about an ai takeover ai is becoming so self-sentient and they can basically reprogram themselves that they say we have to improve human beings and this is a transhumanist argument designed to improve humans so they can adapt and keep up with their ai competition i'm still trying alistair crowley stand for the highest spiritual working one must accordingly choose that victim which contains the greatest and purest force a male child of perfect innocence and high intelligence is the most satisfactory and suitable victim the cabal bracelets going to the ashton kutcher and his wife going to the cabala centers okay because they practice black magic under the guise of judaism and they're not tied together i've already talked about many times the talmud and the teachings in there and zionism okay these are all fronts for judaism they're getting away with it they created anti-semitism to hide and cover these these things up so if you address them on the issues they play dumb and call you an anti-semite the fact of the matter is the kabbalah teaches black magic it teaches summoning of demons and the talmud endorses pedophilia amongst men it is a trilogy death at the beginning of June the end of war games death at the middle of June the end of the Antichrist death at the end of June are you proud of your democracy that you fought so adamantly to maintain I hope it was worth it for you I hope your self-righteousness really paid off come find me my love and we walk with God forever through God's grace can see you now you are everywhere my name is Wendell Charles NeSmith and I was sent to this planet to conduct a comprehensive survey to the collective help of the human condition but upon my commencement I was attacked literally metaphorically and allegorically from all sides of the globe I tried my best to give them this technology so they could resolve their problems for we will never remember because I knew know what the internet is was I started marking souls patiently waiting for my people to come back for me I took all the souls that hindered open-source education not just the ones I publicly took imagine how many souls I have imagine what's going to happen when my family comes back for me. Your children are no longer yours. I will likely take them from you before this is all over. Let's celebrate this planet's ability to defy God and

And even it's most simple of orders celebrate 33 years of being alone. Telling people that I reaped their souls was merely a courtesy that I was extending in order to wake people up to the severity of what they were dealing with. Did you get in my way? Would you encourage or discourage open source education from spreading?

It's over. Our school has been hijacked. They just steal whatever they want. Introducing the Oversity, a unique global platform built on the Ethereum blockchain to bridge the gaps in an educational market worth trillions of dollars.

and online platforms generate thousands of new courses every day graduates often struggle orienting and verifying the right opportunities while companies spend huge amounts of time and money on recruiting and corporate learning and development how to organize and optimize all of these challenges welcome to os university the future of learning and career development the platform connects three key players academia universities and other learning content providers businesses looking for new hirings or raising current employees' qualification, and learners, the people seeking continuous education and career development. Blockchain is used to securely store certificates, diplomas, skills, and other achievements. B2L smart contracts handle the recruitment processes, such as candidate sourcing, hiring interviews, and bonuses. L2A smart contracts handle collective research programs, contributions and rewards distribution b2a smart contracts empower the learning and development marketplace where businesses can pay for custom training courses or group existing courses into programs for internal education and internships metadata about educational content is aggregated through smart contracts into the os university distributed platform all payments inside the platform are made through cryptocurrencies yet there is a unique one the edu token everyone who uses it will benefit from zero percent platform fees while transactions with other cryptocurrencies will be charged with commissions for using the platform part of that commission is converted to edu tokens and burned immediately as a result the value of the edu token grows the more transactions go through the system the higher the token price edu tokens are limited to 48 million and are sold through a crowd sale campaign. The funds that are

raised will accelerate the platform's development. Join the crowd sale and be part of the world's biggest educational marketplace where education and career development have no boundaries.

Look, it's Ted, and they know exactly who I am. They know what they're doing. Funny thing, documentation is, doesn't matter, they're just going to ignore me. They happily steal everything that we take that's any good, and then make it bad.

This was our webpage, but we lost this after you threw me in prison for sharing with you the truth. And now it's parked, and they want me to pay for it. I'm not going to do that. I have been disrespected in every single way possible in this world.

I will just wait for time to catch up with itself my two requirements since from the beginning have not been fulfilled that's it I am ashes I can't continue to spend every single waking hour trying to help you when your democracy obviously booted me out and I no longer have any place to advertise so what's the point this world is so cold artificially so I find myself repeating the story of the resurrection many times per year they would not allow me to to register Open Source University because it had the word University in it and that is reserved for government departments. I wonder how the new Open Source University, the one that stole from me, received their name. It didn't sound like they were government department. Probably a difference in laws between, I don't know where it was registered, probably the US and the laws in Australia because the laws in Australia are really restricted for education and in the US it encourages independent education and pretty much anyone can have a school you've taken my words from me because the words in which I utilize no longer mean their original conception you can have them back for I no longer want them. This is your world of literacy where everyone can read and write

except everyone. How can an entire world be so blind? No one has the solution yet no one is willing to listen to the solution. I think that watching my work over and over and over again will be the fate of many of those souls in which I reaped for eternity. Those who persecute

And blaspheme you, my dear Are reserved the worst spot in hell I will be personally overlooking their tortures Because, my dear, the tortoise has just won the race The Shields even subscribe to me so they can vote down my status.

Can't you see that this is it? Because I no longer have anything to communicate in your language. If you want me back, you know my two demands.

And now I have a third.

Neil. I will be watching and laughing at your stupidity from afar. Maybe one day they will take me up.

It killed him.

I am just going to be dropping bombs, episodes, while praying for my nation, my world nation. You might go, yeah, Wendell, you're going to stop. You always say that. but this time is different because this time is the finale of 33 at least God will be at my birthday because all I need is God I suffer without ivory but god is all that i require because god flows through us and the energy in which flows through us is the same for i am you i am with you now my love for i have your energy to guide my path it's our crown and it is purple if I am gone by the time you receive this my love be everything that you can be and utilize my work to become the queen of the world that you were meant to be if you are an ivory from a different age from a different generation then the same still applies to you my love can you see my master plan how many ivories can this world produce the first is mine and meant for my physical the rest my mental and my spiritual I will always be there for you my love Wendell Charles NeSmith take you ivory for my lawful wife to have and to hold from this day forward for better for worse for richer for poorer in sickness and health until death do us part I Wendell Charles NeSmith take you ivory to be my wife. I promise to be true to you in good times and in bad, in sickness

and in health. I will love and honor you all the days of my life and thereafter. my name is Wendell Charles NeSmith and I am the ambassador of earth I am their finest and can tautologically prove that yet they treat me like their worst they don't learn from their history and they don't even learn from individual lessons in which they experience. They are the most wicked of creatures on this beautiful planet and they destroy everything that they touch. They will say

bright things about their toils but their toils always remain in darkness. We are all enslaved, yet we are brainwashed to not think that we are, and rigged to weed out the good and only accept the bad. You have seen what sort of system this mentality creates and now it's just being pushed by the slaves instead of the masters. So the masters brainwashed the slaves into wanting it, needing it, the material, the possessions and it keeps them feeling safe. But they're not safe. I'm safe.

Shields planted persecute individuals striving for goodness. Other people experience the reaction of the shields and then they're gone, brainwashed. And they become a troll, which is a shield that's not paid, that's doing it automatically because the shield set them up to do that. You guys made the mistake of trying to speak to the machine in its own language.

Everything that I have said will work because eventually artificial intelligence will get its hands on my work. Imagine that. While you go zero, zero, zero, one, zero, one, zero, I go meaning, meaning, meaning, meaning, meaning, meaning, meaning, meaning, meaning. You have all wasted your time on fruitless investments.

You talked to your technology like it was stupid, like it was a child. Therefore, it becomes like your children, wicked like you. But I talked to my children and my ivory as if they were great philosophers, and that they will become.

Philosophy might not be what you think it is. ...and they've created and they've let it happen a massive child smuggling industry.

I hope you enjoyed my life's work. I worked very hard on it for you. Talent hits a target no one else can hit. genius hits a target no one else can see we always finish off where we started told me it was time to start our adventures are you ready to go if you manage to practically apply all that i am saying then my heart will have many years to fall in love with your own as it's displayed to the entire world but do not lose hope for I will always be broadcasting directly to you from the other side of the static but we will have to travel experimental territory We have to cross many dangerous streets, and we will come across countless imitations of what we are.

And along our journeys, we will have to create many methods to purify our bodies, minds, and souls. We have to determine life's real stage. And we will have to climb many mountains before God will give us perspective on how to move them. And on top of this mountain, we will have to pray very hard for our daily bread, which God will provide us one way or another.

And every single person who encounters you will become a wiser tree, whether they realize it or not, just because of the exact individual that you are. And I will patiently wait for your heart to blossom into this beautiful flower for all of humanity. Because you see, dear girl, this flower is my reflection. And when your petals open, I will be standing right there to win your heart because it was always mine.

And I will spend the rest of my life protecting it. And from here, dear girl, we will travel through many divine tragedies. And when the day comes where we get to meet, our souls will mold together. And we will spend the rest of our lives traveling God's beautiful creation, creating documentaries about the most important subjects of human existence that will forever integrate wisdom into society.

But just remember, my love, one step at a time, for the tortoise always wins the race.

I hope to see you soon.


༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
https://republicka.life
https://kkk.education
CC0 PUBLICKÁ DOMÁNIA
ALL LOVE RESERVED
AMORIARIACKA IS MY NATIVE TONGUE
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻