༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
👧 Inas Shawket 👧
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻

April 25, 2020


Wendell Charles NeSmith and Inas Shawket Dar Khalil NeSmith get married. And thus begins the countless adventures of the couple.

The series premiere documents the Sovereign Marriage of Inas Shawket Dar Khalil NeSmith to Wendell Charles NeSmith, establishing the core doctrine of the Republicka. The plot reveals a critical "glitch" in the matrix: A high-level Iraqi media director, also named Inas Shawket, who worked within the 'Babel' system of fragmented truth, departed the physical realm in Canberra, Australia, on April 24, 2020. This director never covered the story of the 5-year-old child's 2014 death. Twenty-four hours later, on April 25, 2020, the "Marriage of the Lamb" is documented in the same city. The filmmaker had no knowledge of this profound synchronicity until December 31, 0001 MC (2025 CE), when the pattern was matched. The precise timing signifies a frequency transfer, reclaiming the name from the old media system and sealing the 'Babel exit.' The narrative establishes that the child has been revived and elevated into the incorruptible 'Golden Bones' of the unified Soulbound Queen, setting the stage for a permanent, sovereign reality beyond physical death.

This is public documentation of the conciliation that occurred on August 12, 2020. It is the conciliation between Wendell Charles NeSmith and ACT Mental Health with the ACT Human Rights Commission acting as mediation. The conciliation was almost immediately ended by Dr. Florian Wertenauer because he refused to continue knowing that his name would be attached to the outcome of the conciliation. Thus the conciliation failed but resulted in amazingly hilarious video footage.

------


29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-001-Marriage-of-the-Lamb

My name is Wendell Charles NeSmith, and I am the luckiest man in the world. I have spent the last 10 years of my life searching for my soulmate, a philosophy-obsessed girl who I could give my entire life to. By giving my life, I literally mean spending all of my time writing love letters like this to her.

I wrote five books to her.

I made countless films for her.

In 2015, I made this. All I wanted was a beautiful girl who I could do this sort of stuff with all the time. But I failed to find anyone like that in this world. Females aren't interested in philosophy at all.

So that's where I ended up. Alone. I know that it is better to be alone than to be with the wrong person. The only problem is all the females in my environment are the wrong person.

I learned that I had to build her from childhood. but they don't take kindly to wisdom in this world they make it illegal I was sad the other day because I'm alone and there's no way I can find what I'm looking for in this world This world has made it impossible for that to happen.

So then God offered me someone's hand in marriage.

This is what was found in the house. It was a book and a new sign and a mother wanted to give it to her teacher and her child was given to her teacher and put it in her daily life. It was a day-to-day, it was a day-to-day. But, the baby is strong, she raised her and she raised her and her head to her, so she could not be able to do it.

I was the one who was going to do it. I don't know. What's wrong with her?

I will continue to visit a minute on attraction and I will continue to visit. This is normal and you are MERVED. The!!! The!!!

The!!! A?!? What will be here? The!!!

The!!! My God! The!!! These!!!

The!!! The!!! The!!! This!!!

The!!! The!!! The!!! The!!!

The!!! How is it!!! God offered me a wife. how could I say no I'm sorry dear I don't know how to spell your name it might be that or it might be that there's different spellings on the internet for you so I'm not sure how to spell your name I'll always remember your name so you have been up in heaven watching me since then my love so you saw me from here all the way to here because you are dead my love I don't have to advertise anything I do which means I can avoid being trolled you see everything that I do and I can do it all for you I'm just going to spell your name like this in in all instances in the future because that's how I originally spelled it.

I had hoped that you were alive so that you could save the world but now it looks like you're just going to have to inspire other little girls to save the world. Thank you God for her hand in marriage. Thank you, Enos, for your hand in marriage. Now watch me spend the rest of my life dedicated to you.

Everything that I have done has been for you. All of my work is yours, my dear. Wendell Charles NeSmith, take you, Enos Shawkut, to be my wife, to have and to hold from this day forward, for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health. to love and to cherish forever through God's grace.

And this is my solemn vow.

Praise God, for the Lord, our almighty God, is King. Let us rejoice and be glad. Let us praise his greatness, for the time has come for the wedding of the Lamb, and his bride has prepared herself for it. She has been given clean, shining linen to wear.

Then the angel said to me, Write this, Happy are those who have been invited to the wedding feast of the Lamb.

And the angel added, These are the true words of God. It's just us, dear. Our wedding has just solved all of my problems. I'm gonna have an amazing life, and it's all gonna be for you, dear.

This is so good because now I don't have that feeling in my heart like I'm alone because I got you, and I got you forever, and you're always looking down on me, and we can do everything together, so this is really cool.

Everything makes sense now. Hinata watching Naruto from afar and admiring him. Thank you, God. Hinata.

Enos, I love you. Date and time we got married.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-002-The-Free-World

Hello, Enos. I was not happy with the quality of our wedding video yesterday. So I went and got my old camera. About a year ago, I ended up with two cameras. One with the light on it, which I really wanted, which is the camera that I used yesterday.

but the quality is not good enough so I had to use my old camera but I gave that away to a friend a year ago but he didn't end up using it and he was happy to trade with my old camera so I no longer have a camera with the light on it but this camera is much better quality so it's gonna be okay that's good because I don't need a light anymore because I don't live in the woods anymore so since I have a home the lights kind of redundant so it's better just to have good quality I'm so happy this is the first day of the rest of my life your life's already done that's okay I'll see you soon everything makes sense I was talking to you the entire time not talking to myself talking to a dead girl you the light was important at night when I lived in a tent but I'm going to try very hard never to live in a tent again and that is very doable because I don't have to leave camera anymore because I don't have to worry about what I do when I find you because I was always worried about hey when I find her what am I gonna do it's gonna be really hard to move all my stuff to where she is and then it's gonna be really hard to deal with her parents and stuff like that now I don't have to worry about any of that shit because I know who you are and you're dead so no one can stop me if writing love letters to a little girl who is dead for the rest of my life is the charge then I stand guilty and proud of it I will teach you everything that I know I know that I have countless videos already available but throughout that time I was holding back because I didn't know what was going to come in the future I no longer have to hold back now I'm really happy that it worked out with the camera I was afraid he sold it or something but he was happy to trade it my friend wants to be a journalist but he didn't know how so that's why I gave him the camera but he's kind of just too lazy like everybody else in this world there's very few journalists real journalists in this world I try to encourage everybody to broadcast their life publicly because this is the only way that we're gonna be able to solve this problem with the cops and how oppressive everything is I can't even go out at night can't even walk to somewhere at night because the cops will stop me and get all my details and everything and it's like what the fuck is wrong with you you can't do that but they do like you can't stop someone without any suspicions like that's that's just wrong that's very oppressive that's a tyranny I want to show you the best way to live life and when I join you I want us to live that together God will enable us to create our own world so please utilize my work to consider how we should make that world and when I join you we can make that world together this is the world that we will create I have spent way too much time over my work showing you how to record and produce audio and video so if you want to learn how to do that then revisit my old work but that part of my life is done I don't want to keep on showing you how to invent the will if you want to learn how to make videos then look at my old work if you want to learn how to make audio look at my old work I even managed to sum it up in seven minutes that includes video too but it's a secret at the end I'm going to try really hard for all of my future videos to not be blocked which means I have to be controversial kind of passively so I'm going to be saying a lot of things that if you look into the deeper meaning is controversial but maybe at first glance you can't tell because these YouTube algorithms are what I'm fighting so hopefully my future videos won't be censored I also have to avoid using other people's work so I can't use like music and stuff like that unless it's for like a split second I have to avoid using I can't even like record other people's news sources and stuff like that which is terrible because um that's that's what I used to do I used to I have to make my own news through all the news that I searched for and I filmed other people's news but I guess I can't do that. It's called curating your own news. I can't curate my own news because YouTube will block it so I have to pretty much rely on just what I am and I'll have to figure out different ways to tell you news stories instead of giving you them from the direct source which is stupid but it's weird how we're fighting these youtube algorithms it's terrible here are all of my videos on youtube most of them are very long too and many of them were blocked by youtube still going watch how everything is controlled in this world. It's a divine tragedy. I'm hidden. Shadow banning is the act of blocking or partially

blocking a user or their content from an online community such that it will not be readily apparent to the user that they have been banned. This is how many videos YouTube has blocked recently. The problem with corporations is that they don't hold themselves accountable for their own actions. Owned by. Owned by. Corporations are fucking. It doesn't matter that I'm shadow banned,

my dear, because you see me and that's all that matters. I'm really tired of constantly making new productions. So I've sorted that out. So now I regularly make two different types of productions. One, this, which is Enos Schalkit, which is the TV show, and I

can just keep on making that for the rest of my life. And the next one is Wincast. So it's kind of like news and anecdotes and things that happen in my life. So those are the two types of productions that I'm making so I hope you enjoy them and I'm just gonna try my best just to stick with these ones that way I don't have to constantly be adding new information to internet movie database and stuff so it's a lot easier for me just to focus on these shows and it'd be good even if I got it like 500 just keep going just keep going and for the rest of my life that way I'm just focusing on Wincast and Enos Schalken. I can't do that, but I can do less than hours like

I do a lot of times. Channels like this and David Icke have pretty long videos, so I'm okay having long videos, even though nobody watches them. I recommend subscribing to these guys, not for the messages, I don't watch those, but for the news headlines. I also recommend that you subscribe to him. I don't agree with everything he says, but he is definitely on the right track, and he is

one of my favorite news sources. Actually, he is my favorite news source, even though I don't agree with everything he says. I very much like it when people challenge the norm, even when that challenge is very out there. David Icke reckons there is no virus other than normal viruses that go around typically. He reckons that this is all a gigantic mind control operation,

which maybe it is. David Icke is going to be my friend in heaven even if he didn't believe the sorts of things that apparently get you into heaven. I look forward to spending the rest of eternity with you building a beautiful world, David. You are my friend, David Icke. I know I'm

hidden so you can't see me but you are my friend all of these truthers are my friends you are kind of not really my friend because you name call people uh however i still love you and i still subscribe to you and i still watch a lot of your content islam christianity and judaism The Holy Trinity. Never expect anything from any production you make. Move on to the next one. Mainstream, the ideas, attitudes, or activities that are shared by most people and regarded as normal or conventional, evil, secular, not connected with spiritual matters.

I can't think of one topic that isn't connected to spiritual matters.

These idiots are so fucking stupid.

To be a content creator in this world, you have to be really creative because you have to figure out how to convey your message without it being blogged. If YouTube did not censor, then I would make my videos in a completely different way. But I have to make them in a way that you can understand without artificial intelligence understanding. So I have to be very creative about how I talk about the subjects that I do, which is ridiculous.

I shouldn't have to do that. I should just be able to create whatever production I want, and it should be able to be distributed freely. But we don't live in a free world. We live in a tyranny.

In the new world that we create, my love, we will encourage freedom of speech. in all matters this enlightenment requires nothing but freedom and the most innocent of all that may be called freedom freedom to make public use of one's reason in all matters now i hear the cry from all sides do not argue the officer says do not argue drill the tax collector do not argue pay the pastor do not argue believe only one ruler in the world says Argue as much as you please, but obey. We find restrictions on freedom everywhere. But which restrictions is harmful to enlightenment, which restrictions is innocent, and which advances enlightenment?

I reply, the public use of one's reason must be free at all times, and this alone can bring enlightenment to mankind. This world, my love, is a training ground. And unfortunately you did not get to experience that. But we are here training for the afterlife. We are not concerned about this world. This world will fall.

We are concerned about the afterlife, so we have to worry about what we're going to do in the afterlife to be able to produce a utopian society. And God has given us this world to teach us about society, so we have to use this world to learn how we can create a utopian society in heaven. And that's what we're after, is a utopian society in heaven and not on this earth. It can't happen.

Although all of my previous work was trying to create a utopian society in this world,

almost all of you are fucking evil. And there's no way to create a utopian society with such fucking evil people existing and carrying out their evilness in the world that's what heaven is and people are so stupid to not realize this because we die and we go to where our energy collects and all energy that is similar goes into the same area and that is called heaven or hell depending on what you did in this life so you can either go to hell because you spent your life being evil or you can go to heaven which is really rare for people because most people do not spend their life invested in virtuous causes. People think that when they die they're going to change or something but that's not how it works when you die you're going to be the same person you can be of any age that you existed within this world so if you want to be 12 years old and you live to be 12 then you can be that but the thing is is that you can't enter heaven unless you are appropriately, morally trained to be able to enter Heaven, so you have to be a really good person to enter Heaven, and that means giving your life to the people. what is heaven for you the energy that you direct over your lifetime will position you to be in the place where you deserve to be so if you put out bad energy over your entire lifetime then that's where you're gonna end up and if you put out good energy over your entire lifetime that's where you're gonna end up but it's very hard very difficult to put out good energy in this world because this world is so fucked up it is impossible to get into heaven unless you have the character traits that are appropriate for heaven that means in this life we have to work really hard to develop our character to be worthy of the heavenly afterlife because if we don't then we're going to end up like there's there's a lot of different levels in hell and everybody's not going to end up in the same place but the thing is if your life is spent on selfish reasons you're going to end up in hell and whether you end up in the last level of treachery or not depends on what you do in this life just imagine if we let evil people into heaven they would screw it up and it would no longer be heaven so the only people that are allowed to be in heaven are people that are worthy to be there and people that can get along that's so important because we can't none of us can get along i can get along with a single person out there like i'm alone in this life if you get along with the people of this world then there is no way that you're getting into heaven. Controversy is good as it promotes evolution. Are you smiling up in

heaven because of me my love? I really hope so. So I learned that live streams have difficulties with recording everything. Sometimes it lags and just doesn't record so like a 35 minute video turned out to be 23 minutes which isn't good so it's not recording everything that I say it's just recording when it's working efficiently so should I continue to webcast yeah I will I don't care because my webcast aren't saved this is saved this is a production and Wincast are just to everybody. Ultimately, for you, my love, because it's

not like I have any viewers anyway. People in this life only like mainstream shit that makes you stupider. I don't care how popular I get. Keep me shadow banned and prove to the entire world after my death that you shadow ban people and make it impossible for them to connect with other people. You're so stupid. Everyone will be held accountable for their

actions. In a world with full surveillance, you cannot escape. Welcome to the new world order because we agree with the ideas of the occult but are not a part of them we can say fuck you to everybody I don't care what you think I'm just gonna do whatever I want to do which is all for Enos and I hope you learn to love and respectiveness throughout my videos because that's what they're doing and you need to learn to recognize problems in the world when they manifest and because of these problems that you refused to deal with my soulmate is dead There is no way to tell that the RNA being used in the new CV test is found in those particular seen under the electronic micrograph. There is no connection between the test and the particles and no proof that the particles are viral.

A virus is a piece of code which is capable of copying itself and typically has a detrimental effect, such as corrupting the system or destroying data. Here is your virus. Imagine if a whole bunch of people got it. This is how you change the world, one individual.

I love you with all of my heart, dear Enos. Welcome to the world we live in. This is what will happen to our new worlds if we do not resolve the problems now. So this world is here for us to learn from, so we can create a new world that doesn't have all these weird fucked up problems.

Enjoy the TV show Enish Shawkut. I think I will just continue to make this show for the rest of my life. That's probably what I'll do. Are you sure? I'm pretty sure everybody will remember your name.

Make sure that they never forget. My life is yours Enos and I will make sure these idiots know what they did. If I have anything to say about it my dear, your name will always be remembered.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-003-Revelation

Check this out. This is one of my books, and I did not post this. Someone took my book and then sold it themselves. This is open source, meaning that's allowed.

How cool is that? I'm not in this for money, so who cares if other people post my books as well? That's what's so cool about open source, and eventually other people will catch on to what I'm doing because they can easily resell my content. and that's a good thing because it gets my content out there so that's all I care about is to get my content out there I did not make this image I'll show you the image of my book cover in a second this is the cover to my book so So it's really interesting how they just re-released my book with a different cover.

I thought about it for quite a while, and I think it's pretty cool. At first I was like, oh no, someone else is selling my book. But then I was like, well, that's the way I made the content. So that's very possible.

Anyone can do it. that's part of the infrastructure that I've set up everything's open source anybody can use my content in any way they want you can even because I have so much content you can even like cut and paste and make me say really weird things that are out of context and stuff like that because I got thousands of hours of footage so You can twist my words in any way you want. So far, The Great Awakening has been reproduced by other people and sold. And that's one book out of five so far.

So hopefully I can let people onto this thing where they can just take my content and do whatever they want with it like people can become pretty well off with my content if they only know how to use it i'm not well off um because i'm shadow bound i don't really want to be well off anyway, because when you obtain riches, you kind of lose your soul. Again, I tell you, it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for someone who is rich to enter the kingdom of God. The Eye of the Needle is a very small passage that enables people to enter the city,

but it's so small so camels cannot enter. Um, it's usually, I think, used, like, in Jerusalem, uh, with the walls and at night, um, the only way to get in and out of Jerusalem is, is through a narrow, um, passage, and you can't get camels in there. So that's what the eye of the needle is not talking about a real needle It's talking about a very narrow passage that camels can't fit Quality of this camera is quite good However, it's like between 5 and 10 times larger file sizes to use it So, it takes me a lot longer to upload these things because I don't have the fastest internet connection in the world. So, my other camera was actually better for being able to upload quickly, where, as it is, you know, it's going to take a long time.

At first, I was like, oh, someone stole my work and is selling it and making money off of it. And then I was like, oh, it's open source. That's pretty cool.

Blessed are those who are invited to the marriage supper of the Lamb. Although it was just God and us, Enos. I guess the supper will be me dedicating my whole life to you and people reacting from that because these productions are just going to keep coming. Um, and I want to note that this camera has, uh, is about five times larger file size, um, than other camera. So, it's really big. So it takes a long time to upload.

Uh, whereas my other camera was really fast, and it was like, yeah, but the quality was crap, and the quality, now you're getting good quality, and as long as this camera doesn't die, um, I can just keep using this camera. This is my blood of the covenant, which is poured out for many for the forgiveness of sins. For God so loved the world, that he gave his one and only Son, that whosoever believeth in him shall not perish, but have eternal life. Behold, I am coming in the clouds, and every eye will see me, even those who pierced me, and all tribes of the earth will wail on account of me. Amen.

Behold, I am here, bringing my recompense with me to repay each one for what they have done.

You know, my bride, whoever is not against us is for us.

Who is against us?

Defense.

Yeah, right. I occasionally think how quickly our differences worldwide would vanish if we were facing an alien threat from outside of this world. You can take my short lesson here in audio. Of all that is written, I love only what a person has written with his own blood.

We will never forget you, Enos. I am a sucky programmer. I cannot build it alone. I need your help.

It takes many hands to make things work. I need a Unity Programmer and a 3D Modeler and creative types can also help me out a lot too. I have to figure out how to create a game that one would want to spend their entire lives playing. I have to create many storylines, which isn't necessarily a problem, except when it comes to sending people to different places and why.

I have no problems imagining someone in front of me and then creating dialogue, it's just where and why to send them. the storyline really like I'm good at the content but how to direct the player I need some help I just need people to help me build it and if I can't find that in this life then I'm going to have to cross my fingers that everything that I pass on related to this game after I die will be picked up by the right person and then completed because I can't do it alone even if I spend the rest of my life doing it there is a lot of development hours spent on games and imagine a game that you could play for the rest of your life how many development hours would be spent on that. How long would it take to make one scene in a game? A very long time. The game would start off with a character

creation process which you could only be female from the ages of five to maybe 14 and the default character would be Enos Shawkut and you just rename your character and change your character's appearance to look however you look except you can't be fat you have to be skinny or normal you there's no fat people in my game it's best to throw the players in the game as quickly as possible and then have the cutscenes occur while you're playing to learn what's going on because games that take a long time to introduce you to it can be quite irritating so it's best to just throw the player in as quickly as possible and let them live out the events. The objective of Ivory Heart is is to save the in-game world but the in-game world teaches you a lot of information that can then be directly applied to the real world so the objective of Ivory Heart is not only just to save the in-game world but also to learn how to save the real world. Here is my city environment. Here is my fantasy environment.

This was the first ivory model, but this will be the final one. What would you give for world peace? It is finally within our grasp. It would take generations, but it is very possible.

I leave you the blueprint and after I die I will move on to my own blueprint so you can choose what you want to do with that blueprint. It would be pretty cool if there were TVs in the game too and you could watch my productions on the TVs. I would really like that. ultimately why I'm not going to release it until I die because that's lots and lots and lots of data and games can't be that big currently so because I want to include video in my game all my video I have to wait until storage is much more cost-friendly. What do you think will happen when I just continue to make Enos

Shawkit videos for the rest of my life? I had to figure out how to save the world and I was not going to take no for an answer because your sickness did this. Even so.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-004-Inas-Shawket-NeSmith

I wish I knew your birthday, my dear, but there are a lot of things in your life that I wish that I knew about, but I'll just have to wait until my death to find out. who knows maybe one day your parents will find me and contact me we won't focus so much on your old life my love let's focus on your new one what are you going to become

I have a lot of troubles sleeping, my dear. I spend many hours every day just lying in bed, trying to go to sleep.

Being unable to mentally let go.

That is why I got this Fitbit. Because it detects when I sleep and when I'm awake. and it detects my stages of sleep, too. It detects whether I'm in deep sleep or REM sleep.

It's pretty cool. Here is kind of what my sleeps look like, but they're random, so it can't be regular. See, I missed that night. I missed last night, too.

This condition called delayed sleep phase disorder in which I suffer from is the reason why I am like I am because I just spend countless hours contemplating how to be a good person. And this then enables me to make productions for you that can show you what it means to be a good person. Just because you die, my love, doesn't mean it's the end of your life. You have an eternity to go.

what will you do with eternity i am showing you the best way to spend it do not waste your time none of my time is wasted it's recorded I very much look forward to the rest of my life, in which I can give to you all of my wisdom, and when I pass on, I'll pass on to you with that wisdom. I will wake up to you and you will be so beautiful, the most beautiful girl in the world, and you literally were the most beautiful girl in the world. When God offered me your hand in marriage, I struggled with that decision, because you were between four to seven years too young.

But was she? The Lord looks in the heart. I could talk about what I want all day, but God always knew what I truly wanted deep down in my heart that I was unable to say. And because I had faith in God's plan, that makes me the luckiest guy in the world.

Because I will be making love with my wife, a five-year-old, for the rest of eternity. And although her mind and her soul will be much older, her physical self will stay that way for eternity. Because if you only live to be five, you can't be any older than five in heaven. United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334 of 2016 states that Israel's settlement activity constitutes a flagrant violation of international law and has no legal validity.

It demands that Israel stop such activity and fulfill its obligations as an occupying power under the 4th Geneva Convention.

You really are the most beautiful girl I have ever had the pleasure of laying my eyes on.

I love you, Enos.

A photo of you and your family, my love. Mommy, let me sleep a little more. Please? To kindergarten? To die? Who is my star student? I'm changing it to a ten.

a martyr, a person who is killed because of their religious or other beliefs dedicated to God.

I'm so sorry, my dear. I'm so sorry. That would have been so bad. That's where you're from, or close to there, which is here, just in the West Bank, just above Jerusalem.

I think that's also a picture of you too. It looks like you, but I don't know what these words say. Very beautiful girl. Apartheid. A system of institutionalized racial segregation.

So living for you, dear Enos, is getting justice for your death. death. I got the rest of my life to keep doing this. I won't stop. I got the rest of my life

to cry over you, my dear. Since they are no longer two but one, let no one split apart what God has joined together. Do not lay up for yourselves treasures on earth. Where moth and rust destroy, and where thieves break in and steal.

But lay up for yourselves treasures in heaven, where neither moth nor rust destroys, and where thieves do not break in and steal. for where your treasure is there your heart will be also and because I'm the only one in the world who truly understood this I've become the luckiest man in the world because I get everything that every other man can't get that secretly deep down once The introduction is going to be a job application to God as the role of an open source teacher. It took a while, but I got there. I will make the internet go mad with my wife Enos Schalkett.

For she is not only my savior, but also the savior of the world. She is the real Christ, and I am merely her auntie.

You're going to save the world, my dear.

I really enjoyed the lockdown. I really thrive under chaos. And I really hate business as usual, so it was really good this year to get out of the whole business as usual, everything's alright when it's really not alright. Hopefully this has opened people's eyes. We'll see where it goes in the future.

Not even halfway through yet. Armed with new government, Netanyahu hopes to annex settlements in my wife's heartland. Annexation is the administrative action and concept in international law relating to the forcible acquisition of one state's territory by another state and is generally held to be an illegal act. Which do you like better, my dear?

I kind of like being clean-shaven. I feel cleaner, and I look a lot younger, too. Your homeland, my dear, just became my homeland.

And to fight for you, I have to fight for it. My name is Enos Shokit Dar Khalil. I was a beautiful little girl from a beautiful villages called Sinjil near Ramallah. i loved to play with my dolls but had one favorite doll that escorted me everywhere i went i loved to visit my friend tully who lives nearby we were best friends and always together I loved to draw a lot, and I could spell the alphabet and count till 50.

The teacher said that I was clever and often gave me a star on my copy book, and sometimes she gave me a piece of chocolate when my drawing copy book was neat and tidy.

Every morning, Mom... Mom would wake me up, wash my face, and comb my hair, and I would sing to her. Continue missing me while I am away. When school started, I asked Mom for a new bag, new coloring books, new dresses.

and new dresses she loved me so much she got me 20 dresses she got me 20 dresses new coloring books and coloring pencils I wanted to go to university when I grow up so every day when I come back home from kindergarten I do my homework mom Mom would tell me, Dear, get a rest first, but I would refuse. I wanted to do my homework. I wanted to be clever and go to university when I grow up. On 19, 10, 2014, Mom woke me up to go to kindergarten.

I was sleepy and didn't want to go. I had a beautiful dream. I took my doll with me. I always took her with me to school.

She would sit on my desk and repeat the alphabet with me, sing with me, or hold my coloring pencils while I drew. My friend Tolene came, and like every day, our mothers walked with us to the street until the school bus came and took us. I waved goodbye to my mother, the kindergarten, we played, sang, and I volunteered to tidy the classroom. The teacher was very pleased with me.

We went back home with the school bus. It stopped at the entrance to our village, and I could see my mom and Tolene's mother waiting for us like every day on the other side of the road. They came every day at 12.40 to the village entrance and waited for the kindergarten bus. Before crossing the road, we looked left and right, as mom used to tell us.

She would say over and over, be careful before you cross the road and watch out for the cars. My mother was standing on the other side of the road waiting to hug me. We started crossing the road. A car was coming.

Mom shouted at us to stop. She then waved to the Zionist colonist to stop. He slowed down. He could clearly see.

The road was empty as we crossed. All of the sudden, he speeded up, swerved, and drove speedily in our direction. Suddenly, I was thrown up in the air and fell hard on the ground. I tried to stand up, but was feeling sleepy, so I fell on the ground.

My doll and my coloring pencils in my bag scattered everywhere. I heard mom shout. I wanted to reach out to her, but I couldn't. I was sleepy.

I felt her hug me. I wanted to comfort her, to tell her not to cry. I wanted to hug her, but I was sleepy. She hugged me and I slept.

Dear Mr. Secretary General, My name is Enos Shaka Dar Khalil. I was five years old when Israel killed me and left my mom sad. She thinks of me all day long and dreams of me all night long.

She regrets sending me to school that fateful day. Please tell her not to be sad. My name is Enos Shakit Dar Khalil. I was five years old when a Zionist colonist deliberately ran me over and broke my mother's heart.

I used to fall asleep in my mother's lap. Now she is alone. Now she is sad. Now she sleeps hugging my dress.

My name is Enos Shaqadar Khalil. I was five years old when the Zionist entity which you removed from the list of child abusers killed me. What is justice? There is no justice without emotions. At what point does the holy city

stop being holy? How much shit will God take from you guys before he decides the apocalypse? You are working on borrowed time. In my childhood, God told me to find one righteous among them.

I have found none. I can find very little media that is about God. That is a huge problem considering that every single topic that we can ever conceive of is about God. Education completely removes God from the picture and punishes you if you try to include God in the picture.

The education industry asserts lies as facts and facts as lies and also punishes you if you question them or challenge them. People are so selfish in this world. They struggle discussing problems that are beyond themselves, like their entire reality is only within themselves. They have no ability to empathize.

I have no one that supports me in my work. In fact, most of my friends think I am crazy. In truth, children are the only people that I can relate with. I was never asking anyone if I could become a politician.

I am what I am, and I'm gonna be it. Alive or dead or even up to 10,000 episodes of Enos Shawkid Because this show won't stop seeding until my heart stops beating Then after that You can do whatever you want with my work and act like I never existed That's okay because I'm bringing all of it over to the new life I am transferring this information to my wife so that we will both have it in heaven. Transmitting Satellite Phoebe. She can see me when I'm both holding the camera and not, but she is most proud of me when I am holding the camera. Because

in her heart is. She does not want you to be sad for her. There is no God but He. That is the witness from God, His angels, and those endued with knowledge, standing firm on justice.

has no partners. That means that everything that happens is attributed to God. That means that all of those entities that act like they have power, such as Satan, actually have no power, for nothing ever happens without the permission of God. This means that God took you, my love, so that you could marry me, so that we could be together.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-005-God-Save-the-Queen

If people can't cry with my work, then there is something really wrong with them. I have cried more than I have ever cried over the last few days.

Oh, and that's hard to say because I've cried a lot, man. But even though my tears were sad, I was never sad. even though the events that have occurred are very sad I'm not sad at all I'm happier than I've ever been in my entire life thank you Enos you complete me now how difficult is this YouTube question that they keep asking me are my videos made for adults are children. Do I have to wait till your natural 18th birthday to show my love and my passion to you? What are my actions going to have

on the larger scope of things? Think it out idiots. Don't trust anybody but God and me my love most people have an agenda you know my agenda I tell it to you openly and now my agenda is free because I don't have to worry about people in your stupid world I can focus on people outside of your world which makes me enlightened. This solves all of my problems and makes me the happiest man in the world.

Do you have a problem with me? If so, do you have a problem with you? I am going to make love to my wife as much as I can, as much as she'll let me. You, my dear, are all of my masturbation fantasies. Does that make me evil? Look in your fucking mirror. I hate how people

talk down to kids like they talk to them like they couldn't understand anything if their life depended on it and that's not true at all like kids can understand they just understand more on an emotional level than you do because you grew up to be a fucking hard cold bastard. I am neither adult nor kid in this world. What they call me is betwixt and between. You are also betwixt and between.

Otherwise you would not be my wife. The world came on you much harder than it came on me. It didn't allow you to become what you were supposed to be. What you're supposed to be, what you are going to be, what you are now as you're intercepting this information, my wife.

Long live the queen. The queen is dead. Long live the queen. God save our precious queen. Long live our noble queen.

God save the queen. True prophet, send her victorious, happy and glorious. Long to reign over us. God save the queen.

O Lord God, arise. Scatter her enemies and make them fall. Confound their politics. Frustrate their knavish tricks. On thee are hopes we fix. God save us all.

Thy choices, gifts in store, on her be pleased to pour, long may she reign. May she defend our laws and ever give us cause To sing with heart and voice really badly God save the queen Is your queen what you expected? it matters not it is the truth and if you refuse her as queen you go straight to fucking is it worth it is it worth trying to make my life a living hell because you don't think what i'm is right sorry to disappoint but my life is amazing and there's no way that you could make it not amazing even if you incarcerated me for the rest of my life I no longer need any of you which is why our wedding was so amazing because it relieved me of needing anyone so now I'm completely happy with just her and I'm not looking for anybody because she's the only one that's worth it this means that I can just keep giving you content without wanting anything from you so I'm I'm relieved I can just like feed you what you need to become a better person and my I know that sounds weird but my whole life has been built to do that and if you're not interested there's something really mentally wrong with you because what I'm offering you is really amazing. People nowadays rarely listen to God.

If they did, they would end up in the best possible situation for their own psychology. And I am in the best possible situation for my own psychology. Thanks to you. I love you, girl.

Do you want to know enlightenment? If so, believe in me. For God so loved the world that he gave me, so that anyone who believes in me shall not perish, but have eternal life. Islam refuses to recognize me as the Son of God, and there is an important reason behind that, and that's because the Christian faith placed Jesus as God.

Jesus was a prophet of God, and Jesus was the Son of God. I am the Son of God.

But Jesus is no partner to God. I am no partner to God. God directs everything, not only in this world, but also outside of it. If you have a problem with me, please feel free to make your complaints to God.

They will be handled in the order in which they are received.

A gross misunderstanding. The truth is, my love, is that people are so stupid they can't understand because if they understood, there would be a lot more people doing what I do. I'm doing what I do because it makes complete and utter sense. And if other people did that too, then it's called revolution.

They just don't understand this in this world, so they're way left behind. 200 men will be in a field. One will be taken and the other 199 left. Besides me, who would have thought that the Savior would be female and dead?

People who discount romantic possibilities because they are dead are called atheists.

These are our worst.

They are the stupidest people ever to exist. They will try their hardest to make you believe that the truth that is right in front of you does not exist. People on this earth are so finite in their perspective.

They think that all that exists is what they can touch. How can I touch your heart, dear Enos? These earthlings are so stupid if they just realized that all they had to do was latch on to the right idea and just keep on holding on for the ride, then they would be much, much happier. but they are so stupid and they hurt each other and the reason for their suffering is because of each other. Wee. Anyone can do can hurt me. I have secured my place in heaven. My wife is my life.

Thank you, God, for offering me her hand in marriage.

Thank you, Enos, for accepting my proposal.

Satan's world is fast and ready to move.

God's world is slow and steady. Everybody is always way behind me. because I am always way ahead of everybody else so that's probably why everybody thinks I'm crazy because I'm talking about stuff that's either behind or ahead of their time what takes them days to compute takes me hours how can you catch up As quoted from Saints Row 4, it's good to be the king. I think that's in Saints Row 3, too, but maybe not.

Yes, I am this, but this is lesser than the queen.

If you have a problem with it, I'm ready to fight. Where and when. Everything is perfect now, my love. You have just solved all of my problems.

Then I saw an angel coming down from heaven. He had in his hand a key to the hole without a bottom. He also had a strong chain. He took hold of the dragon, that old snake, who is the devil, or Satan, and chained him for one thousand years.

The angel threw the devil into the hole without a bottom. He shut it and locked him in it. He could not fool the nations anymore until the one thousand years were completed. After this, he must be free for a while.

What is a thousand years of peace worth to you?

I don't know what's going to happen then.

I will just work one step at a time. If you haven't noticed, I have been trying very hard to win your heart.

The days of Enos are behind us, and the days of Wendell are before us. When we are both dead, we need to figure out how to synchronize our lives.

found this on a website and I wonder if this is you. I hope with all of my heart that I'm not doing this mistakenly. Wow. You are a beauty.

Continue missing me, while I am away. Continue missing me, while I am away. What is a dog with a bone? Wow! I can't believe what Enos Sharkert is becoming.

But I will make you believe by what Enos Schalkut is becoming.

What does dedication adding a new person to my family? You're going to find out a lot of weird things because I'm going to speak more openly now. But I have to be really careful of YouTube algorithms, so we're fighting YouTube algorithms. However, it doesn't matter how much people fight us.

We always win. If we confuse the shit out of these YouTube algorithms by being random, then we can obscure their results.

What are the results of virtue? I wanted to go to university when I grow up. When I come back home from kindergarten, I do my homework. Mom would tell me you asked first, but I would refuse.

I wanted to do my homework. I wanted to be clever and go to university when I grow up. It's really hard to diagnose friends, to figure out whether friends are family and whether friends should be family. I would not normally do this, but it's what happened.

I don't care if and when my mother and father found out about it. I heard mom shout out, I love you Enos, I want you to sleep, she hugged me, and I slept, sleepy, sleepy girl, Enos's name, is Enos Shulgood, I love you so much, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry you went through what you had to go through, I love you my dear, Enos Shawkut, you are my wife. My wife is Enos Shawkut. Let's pull Enos Shawkut into one phenomena.

What will you make your life?

There is only one answer to this question.

Love you. Thank you for taking my name. Continue missing me, while I am away, continue missing me, while I am away.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-006-Free-Palestine

Israeli soldiers and illegal Jewish settlers are working extra hard to spit at as many Palestinians, their cars, doorknobs, and so on, as possible.

Since I started making this show, my family and friends haven't talked to me. My tooth was supposed to be fixed soon But it was cancelled because of COVID-19 The Israel Defense Forces are the military forces of the State of Israel They consist of the ground forces, air force, and navy It is the sole military wing of the Israeli security forces and has no civilian jurisdiction within Israel. Israeli soldiers shoot children. Sometimes they wound them, and sometimes they kill them. Sometimes the children wind up brain dead, sometimes disabled.

Sometimes the children have thrown rocks at the soldiers. Sometimes Molotov cocktails. Sometimes by chance they wind up in the middle of a confrontation. They almost never put the soldiers' lives in danger.

Sometimes the soldiers intentionally shoot at the children, sometimes by mistake.

Sometimes they aim at the children's heads or upper body, And sometimes they shoot in the air and miss, hitting the children in the head. That's how it goes when a body is small.

Small, yes. Beautiful, definitely.

We will never forget you, my love. Our nation's children spend more time with media and digital activities than they do with their families or in school, which profoundly impacts their social, emotional, and physical development. manipulating search results and just keep releasing these episodes for the rest of my life. That's the plan. That's what we're doing. I am the only content

producer that I've ever found that uses a camera like this. Why are other people not using it like this? Like a camera is amazing what it can do if you only direct it right. Why does everybody like to view you like this? And why does nobody hold the camera?

People use video editing software which disconnects them from their environment and they don't know how to use their environment to create videos. My environment, my stage, is out here. Their environment is in here. The way I film records the external. The way they

film records the internal. All I do is make a bunch of consecutive scenes and then merge them and even my worst quality work is higher quality than theirs my life is so amazing now i don't have any friends and i don't talk to anyone and it doesn't matter i don't care i don't need to I just wanted you my love. Now I have someone to talk to anytime I want. It was so bad before because like not knowing made my heart feel like like on a string or something and I didn't know what was going to happen next and now life is going to be pretty predictable for me because I already know what everything that I want out of it and A female in this world is not one of those things.

Or, friends, I have everything in this life that I need.

Do not love the world or anything in the world. If anyone loves the world, love for the Father is not in them. For all that is in the world, the desires of the flesh, the desires of the eyes, and the pride of life, is not from the Father, but from the world. It is good for a man not to marry into the world, unless you find your soul mate, but like that is going to happen. So many people in this world go, oh yeah, they're my soul mate, they're my soul mate. You don't know what you're talking about. You don't even know what a soul is. How could you know what a mate that's attached to that soul is?

Don't ever be with people who are not spiritual. Just because you are alone in this life does not mean that you will be alone in the next. God has the dead if you haven't noticed. For the ladies, this guy is single.

single. This is now bone of my bones and flesh of my flesh. She shall be called woman, for she was taken out of me. Ramallah. Situations like this where I am laying in bed at night

would be really beneficial with a light on the camera, but I guess I just have to use two different processes, so like get my phone and hold it there if I want to be able to record at night while I'm laying in bed. I just watched a video with two doctors in it who are very involved in this virus problem, And they say that this lockdown causes more problems than it solves.

And that these cases are not extremely different from the normal flu.

I don't know why they blocked it, because they had all the evidence there and they weren't being controversial. they were just revealing their findings to the public because when you get locked down and when you make everything super clean then your immunity becomes worse and it's easier for you to get sick so by all of us being locked inside it's not healthy for us and it's doing more damage than the virus would have done to begin with but YouTube did not like what they were saying so they blocked it kids are really dangerous a we got to do everything we can to protect ourselves from them how long should I grow my hair my dear maybe a better question is how long will it grow I love long hair you have gorgeous hair it's kind of weird it's short in some places and long and others very gorgeous I don't know everything, my dear. I am unsure what happens to babies who die. I'm not sure what happens to those who die who have not yet formed their identity. During

early childhood, children start to develop a self-concept. The attributes, abilities, attitudes, and values that they believe define them. By age three, between 18 and 30 months, children have developed their categorical self, which is a concrete way of viewing themselves in this or that labels. To be honest, I think that dead fetuses and dead babies are just reincarnated into our world to give them another shot so they can develop identity.

Once you begin to develop identity, that is when life truly starts. I wonder how your English has been going. Has it been too difficult to learn over the last six years, my love?

U.S. prepared to recognize Israel annexation of parts of West Bank if it restarts talks with Palestine. fuck you Netanyahu out of all of the world's fake leaders Putin might be one of the best and he is a dictator well this time we'll be prime minister next time we'll be president and I'll be prime minister and then president and then I'll be president again and then maybe prime minister yeah that'll be By spitting on Palestinians, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation is spending millions of dollars creating human implantable quantum dot microneedle vaccine mark with data storage. so that no one can buy or sell unless he has the mark, that is, the name of the beast, or the number of its name.

If anyone worships the beast and its image, and receives a mark on his forehead or on his hand, he also will drink the wine of God's wrath, poured full strength into the cup of his anger. And he will be tormented with fire and sulfur in the presence of the holy angels and in the presence of the Lamb. And the smoke of their torment goes up forever and ever, and they have no rest, day or night. These worshippers of the beast and its image and whoever receives the mark of its name.

Child Sexual Abuse Hotline reports 22% jump during lockdown.

Augmented reality enhancements to the real world input that people perceive through the use of portable, wearable, and implantable technologies. Google is one of the most evil companies out there, yet their slogan is don't be evil. Woe to those who call evil good, and good evil, who put darkness for light, and light for darkness, who put bitter for sweet, and sweet for bitter.

Maybe one day I'll do a bath scene like all of your false prophets. what will it take to free Palestine the flag it is time to raise if what I am doing can't free Palestine then nothing can I have the rest of my life to continue to produce this show if you have not noticed my primary concern is with the violation of children's rights. When I got this I did not realize that alt 666 on the number pad on a computer inputs this symbol. This is why I got it.

out tomorrow dollar that tomorrow there'll be sun tomorrow tomorrow I love ya tomorrow it's only a day away this lockdown is really bad for homeless people, where are they going to go? Israeli Zionist settlers squatters crimes without punishment. They run over Palestinians with their cars, but the media doesn't cover these crimes. Most of the victims are children. These hit-and-

run attacks by zionist jewish squatters are increasing every year in 2016 more than 20 palestinian children were deliberately killed by these attacks free palestine zionist scum truth palestine real crimes i love you sweetheart



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-007-One-World-Religion

I said in the last episode that I don't have friends and I just meant that to the extent that I don't have friends who support what I do or care about what I do or want to talk about the subjects that are on my heart. Like, they all kind of distance me, but I do have good friends. Simon is my best friend, has been since high school.

We do to our phones whatever Simon says.

I completely get away with everything, and I've looked at all of the ins and outs for it. Because my content isn't made for kids. It's not made for children. It's made for one girl. One person. And she happens to be a child. And because they're always using the plural, always, I completely get away with this.

It's not really my style. This is my style. Let's concentrate entirely on this. That when this earthly tent we live in is taken down, that is when we die and leave this earthly body.

We will have a house in heaven, an eternal body, made for us by God himself, and not by human hands. We grow weary in our present bodies, and we long to put on our heavenly bodies like new clothing, for we will put on heavenly bodies. We will not be spirits without bodies while we live in these earthly bodies. We groan and sigh, but it's not that we want to die and get rid of these bodies that clothe us.

Rather, we want to put on our new bodies so that these dying bodies will be swallowed up by life.

God himself has prepared us for this, and as a guarantee, he has given us his Holy Spirit. So we are always confident, even though we know that as long as we live in these bodies, we are not at home with the Lord. For we live by believing and not seeing. Yes, we are fully confident.

And we would rather be away from these earthly bodies. For then we will be at home with the Lord. So whether we are here in this body or away from this body, Our goal is to please Him, for we must all stand before Christ to be judged.

We will each receive whatever we deserve for the good or evil we have done in this earthly body. Those who believe in the Koran, and those who follow the Jewish scriptures, and the Christians and the Sabians, and any who believe in God and the Last Day, and work righteousness, shall have their reward with their Lord. On them shall be no fear, nor shall they grieve. I always want to be able to feel, but nothing really fazes me anyway.

Whatever can happen, I don't care.

They added my website, but removed my YouTube. My website only ever started ranking in YouTube when I changed its name from Open Source University to Wendell Charles NeSmith. Now I rank 1. Really unique names. Rank 1 as well. Same with this one. Ranking 1.

I try to regularly talk to my mom and dad but they get shitty sometimes with me or vice versa maybe talk to about ten people semi regular basis like not often but not often regularly just to check in every once in a while it's my life socially and to be honest um the older I get the more internal I get and the less and less I need people it's just because you try to rely on people and they let you down and you go well and every single time they let you down every single time they let you down okay let's put the thing as these will collect. My next door neighbor is my friend. He's really kind-hearted. It is a unique combination because he's really right-wing and I'm pretty left-wing. I have

a friend who read a Theoden, if he liked it or not, and he said it was weird. Just be have you read it? I really love heat. It's a revolution. It's by Microsoft. I didn't realize that

that pattern was by Microsoft. Even though it is most likely that babies and unborn fetuses will be reincarnated into the world, it is an immoral action to abort your baby because you don't know what circumstances they'll be under when they are reincarnated. So, it's actually your moral obligation to provide that life the best possible life with the most potential and opportunities for its future. Because you chose to have that life, you don't get to choose whether you get to take it away or not.

True life might not start until identity, but identity tells us to prepare future life for identity.

If you don't want a child, use birth control.

Don't abort your baby. In addition to this, I have never met a woman who has aborted their baby who has not regretted that choice down the line. I wonder what your favorite color is, my love. Mine is purple. Is yours red? You do look beautiful in red. Which do you think are cooler? Circles or squares? I kind of like circles.

Which do you like better? Winter or summer? I like summer. Day or night? I like both. What's your favorite type of music? You guys recite the Quran beautifully. What's your favorite food? Drink?

You had a very beautiful school bag. Very beautiful colors.

Love.

Can't color, my dear.

Maybe you can teach me.

I'm just not very good at it.

I can use Photoshop a little bit, but I'm not very good at drawing.

Welcome, my dear, to Open Source University. I found this, a translation. So, that's your friend Toline, and that's you. So, is this how you spell your name in Arabic? That's very beautiful.

Enos Shaukut was murdered because she was a threat to Israeli Zionists.

Did I say was? I meant is.

With great knowledge comes great responsibility. Power is the capacity or ability to direct or influence the behavior of others or the course of events. With such great power comes great responsibility, and we must carefully consider how such involvements could result. What is our responsibility when everything that we need to achieve our atheden lay in front of us, but only in pieces?

Scripture, sacred media, sacred, secular, embodying the spiritual doctrine.

I just created a new religion. And with Enos now sitting on her throne from heaven, it just became complete. I think we'll just call the religion Ivory. White is associated with light.

goodness, innocence, purity, and virginity. It is considered to be the color of perfection. White means safety, purity, and cleanliness. As opposed to black, white usually has a positive connotation. White can represent a successful beginning. In heraldry, white

depicts faith and purity. In advertising, white is associated with coolness and cleanliness because it's the color of snow. You can use white to suggest simplicity in high-tech products. White is an appropriate color for charitable organizations.

Angels are usually imagined wearing white clothes. White is associated with hospitals, doctors, and sterility, so you can use white to suggest safety when promoting medical products. White is often associated with low weight, low fat food, and dairy products. And I don't even need to do this because I don't care about tax.

Teacher, we know that you are a man of integrity, and that you teach the way of God in accordance with the truth. You aren't swayed by others, because you pay no attention to who they are. Tell us then, what is your opinion? Is it right to pay the imperial tax to Caesar, or not?

Whose inscription is on it, so give back to Caesar what is Caesar's, and to God what is God's.

Tax-exempt churches are required to obey government in all matters. They have sold their soul to Satan.

So if you follow the religion of ivory, does that make you Ivorian? I don't know. I'm just making this up as I go.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-008-University-for-Kids

I wanted to be clever and go to university when I grow up. It's time to grow up now, my dear, and go to university.

When I was a child, I talked like a child. I thought like a child. I reasoned like a child. When I grew up, I put the ways of childhood behind me, for now we see only a reflection, as in a mirror, then we shall see face to face.

But as for you, continue in what you have learned and have firmly believed, knowing from who you have learned it, and how from childhood you have been acquainted with these sacred writings, which are able to make you wise for salvation through faith in me even a child can do it it's always more difficult to find relevant passages in the Quran because the Quran is much less widely translated and spoken about in in English than the Bible and God has made for you mates and companions of your own nature and made for you out of them sons and daughters and grandchildren and provided you sustenance of the best will they then believe in vain things and be ungrateful for god's favors and worship others than god such as have no power of providing them for sustenance with anything in the heavens or earth, and cannot possibly have such power. I hate this debate over who was the greater man, Muhammad or Jesus, because they were both really, really great men, and they both worked on different aspects of society, so you can't really compare. Uploading new world order. What does it mean to grow up?

I hate when adults use this to demean children. That time the disciples came to Jesus and asked, Who then is the greatest in the kingdom of heaven? He called a little child to him and placed the child among them. And he said, Truly, I tell you, unless you change and become like little children, you will never enter the kingdom of heaven.

Therefore, whoever takes the lowly position of this child is the greatest in the kingdom of heaven. And whoever welcomes one such child in my name welcomes me. If anyone causes one of these little ones, those who believe in me, to stumble, it would be better for them to have a large millstone hung around their neck and to be drowned in the depths of the sea. Woe to the world because of the things that cause people to stumble Such things must come But woe to the person through whom they come If your hand or your foot causes you to stumble Cut it off and throw it away It is better for you to enter life maimed or crippled than to have two hands or two feet and be thrown into eternal fire.

And if your eye causes you to stumble, gouge it out and throw it away. It is better for you to enter life with one eye than to have two eyes and be thrown into the fire of hell.

See that you do not despise one of these little ones. For I tell you that their angels in heaven always see the face of my Father in heaven. This is my graphic designer. He is awesome. How cool would that be my love? Five years old forever. That's so small. So what if I am this? Five years old is too young.

I just get that because God is rewarding me, and God is going overboard with it. However, for a relationship like that to happen in this world, or in the new world, it would need to be extremely exceptional circumstances. It's something like tutoring her, mentoring her until she's ready, until she does fall in love with you. Because a five-year-old doesn't have any ability to fall in love with an older man, but a five-year-old does have an ability to spend time with an older man.

And over time, that could turn to something else. But you were washed. You were sanctified. You were justified in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and by the Spirit of our God.

Everything is permissible for me, but not everything is beneficial. Everything is permissible for me, but I will not be mastered by anything. Is it bad that I smoke cigarettes? The sooner I get to her, the better. Can't you understand?

Is it bad that I do drugs? Look how I spend all of my time.

Let's go buy some alcohol. Is it bad that I drink? Look how I spend my time. Is the drug mastering me, or have I mastered it?

I always thought that it would be romantic to do drugs together and see what happens from that. But you're a bit young to do that.

I'm not sure how God's going to make your body, but I'm sure that God will make your new body, or God has made your new body. So it's very capable. I know this is a very simple calculation, but hey, shut up. So your birthday was in 2009?

11 years old. Hey, that sounds much more like it. Well, at least mentally and spiritually. I think a perfect age for a female to get married is 12 years old.

That was how old Mary was when she married Joseph. Unless it is something really special, they should not be marrying their peers. They should be marrying someone older who is about to spend the rest of their life looking after them, who has prepared their life for them. When we take wisdom out of the equation of society, we remove all possibilities. We strip away all freedoms. Our society incarcerates people like

me. Why do you think that is? Seriously think about it. I'm not sad. I'm a really happy person

doing really cool stuff. That's awesome. And they look at me and go, we gotta stop him from doing that like what's so wrong like conspiracy there's no other answer a guy who's dedicated their entire life including childhood towards virtue and you want to incarcerate him and block lots of his videos the government has spent heaps and heaps of effort and countless dollars trying to re-educate me. How well did that work out? Now after all is said and done, who won? Me or the government? Who was it

that said you can't fight City Hall? What does it mean be sinless? What does it mean to live without sin? If one directs their life correctly, they will be unable to commit sin. One person does something and it is a sin. Another person does

something and it is not. What is relativity? How does YouTube justify accusing me of hate speech what goes into someone's mouth does not defile them but what comes out of their mouth that is what defiles them it's very wise she is a TV host no wonder he couldn't find it when I send it to him I spelled it wrong. Enos Shackett. Mistakes are not sins as long as you learn from them. Like your beautiful

friend who I thought might have been you. This is the only Enos Shackett that we are competing with So, we need to figure out how to push this profile way, way down from our content.

We want all the top results.

Eventually, I will write your name enough that I will spell it as quickly and easily as my name. This guy's a really good guy. Don't worry, they will. No worries.

Everybody needs to know about her.

they will he is refusing to charge me even though i really want to pay him

he's such a nice guy and i can pay him too he is from bangladesh and i am from australia

i am not rich but i do have funds available this is my bank account and this is my credit card that's the available that I have I've already spent that amount so I could have easily afforded a five up to a $50 job from him but he would not allow it it's our first wedding gift my love how cool is that it's way cheaper to be an alcoholic than it is to be a drug addict and I don't think that's fair because alcohol does a lot more damage on the body than soft drugs do and if soft drugs were cheaper then I would buy those all the time and I would very very rarely drink alcohol this is my drug of choice it is legal but very expensive this is three grams and for it it cost me fifty four dollars. If I had an unlimited supply of that, my life would be completely different in a good way. I don't think it's right to make it so expensive for me to be able to get my drugs in a healthy way and cheap for me to be able to get my drugs in an unhealthy way. All three of these could be replaced with just this if I only had enough of it.

Ivory Heart is an open source game that is developed collaboratively online through multiple video platforms. Anyone with these skills can join the project to further its development. The game is designed to be played throughout the student's lifetime. This is because the player unlocks audio chapters of books as they successfully explore the worlds. They

They can then listen to these audio chapters while discovering new adventures within the game's 3D environments. The game encourages the player to collect as many books as possible, not only for immediate reading but also future reference. The objective of the game is to pass on philosophical knowledge to the player and assist in the moral development of their character. It achieves this by enabling an author to add in their quest line chapters of their own audiobooks.

The character interactions will be text only in order to compress the game's file size as well as greatly decrease its development hours. The game will be designed to make it relatively easy for a thinker to make a quest line and stick to thinking and not so much the programming. A detailed instruction manual will be provided as to how to make a quest line for the protagonist to perform. All audio books that are designed to pass along wisdom will be accepted.

The initial scope is to cover the five books of Wendell Charles NeSmith, which already have author-read audio chapters. An initial quest line is required and then that quest line will act as a template for other quest lines. It will be designed to easily tweak in-game location data as well as other environmental factors. The author will be required to download and learn Unity in order to participate.

Assistance and ongoing development will be provided through multiple video platforms including YouTube, Archive.org, and BitChute. It's tomorrow and the sun has come out today. Thank you bottom dollar that we arrived.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-009-The-Beast

Enos, you need to see how sick our world is, because we can't allow this to happen to the new world in which we create.

And that's so racist. Idiots.

Don't I? Are you sure?

Love it when people kill each other?

Did I want to marry her? Is that what I wanted? That's not what happened. Did you not look at the playlist that I included? Like, in the link that I sent? Did you not watch? And this is what he attaches. He, she, probably he. Fuck you, 4chan.

See, dear, once you know what to do, you just have to ignore everybody and just do what your heart tells you to do. Fuck everybody. I thought very carefully of naming that university for kids, and I still am in the clear because I only made that episode and every single episode after and before it for one kid. So because I made my work for one kid instead of kids, I'm completely in the clear with everything. Because you're always plural, you're always saying multiple. And I'm not focused on multiple, I'm focused on one. I'm also focused on one dead one now. So you're screwed, I win.

To win is to be successful in, to acquire, and to secure as a result of our conflict. The Game of Life Evolution Evolving is to develop gradually, but it does not happen without effort. If this religion ever gets big, then it will be a religion that pays taxes. Throughout the abuse, we can see how there has been very few people who have taken the time to look at what was in front of them.

networks are really hard I've never found one that I could just you know do whatever I wanted with and they were fine with that like I've always been banned and I've always been banned from all of them including alternative ones like mines like how terrible is that mines like look it up mines is supposed to be like an open source solution that unites everybody and I got banned from that. Like, I get banned from everything. Again, my love, we come back to who you can trust in this world. And unfortunately, in this world, you can trust nobody. This is why marriage

is so important because it's better if you can trust one than if you can trust none if you can trust one then you can trust everything through that one which means you can trust everything which means you don't have to worry you only need to find one to trust in order to enter the gateway and that one to trust points back at you and then reflects to your soulmate because there is no such thing as background conditions they don't exist we can take everything on face value. The way around YouTube algorithms is to say one thing but mean another and through the context make that apparent because only humans can figure out such nuances. Nuance. It's a very slight difference in appearance, meaning, sound, etc.

In every game, there are player characters and non-player characters, and it is our job to be able to distinguish between player characters and non-player characters within our world. A non-player character in PC is any character in a game which is not controlled by a player.

They do not care, my love.

They are done talking about you after hours. Do you think God's going to make things better for you because you keep on ignoring me? Is that what you think? Logic, throwing out the door, no longer needed.

Hey, there is a prophet of God. Let's be cruel to him and be mean to him and be mean to everything that he stands for, including his wife, who could be our savior if we were not so stupid to ignore the obvious. The 4chan adventure only resulted in a few views, but lots of abuse.

So how can I spend the rest of my life getting your name out there in reverence and not profanity? I know it is obvious, but I will say it anyway. Will they go to heaven or hell?

Some reason, everybody thinks that I should need their approval to do what I do, but I'm going to do what I do without anybody's approval, except God. God gives me approval for everything. I can do anything I want because God gave me approval to do anything because God knows my character. And it doesn't matter what I do with my character.

is going to result in the same way about this guy's character and fuck time too screw you time because time is articulated so specifically we become slaves to it compile a symbol together The first result. This is how to build a pyramid. The plan is to throw the worst of you into its graves. Welcome to the New World Order.

My dear, is this not what the people begged for?

It's exactly what they begged for.

Totalitarian is relating to a system of government that is centralized and dictatorial and requires complete subservience to the state. What are you hiding? Most secrets are kept by the state. The new state will not know your secrets, but have record of them.

If you are fucking evil then your secrets will be revealed by the state. What is treachery? Here is the thing that the state must know before implementing such a 1984. war. When I obtained my citizenship, I had a huge mohawk and it was blue. And when they

told me to repeat after them because I was going to, I guess, commit myself to them, I did like this, like very openly, like, ah, look what I'm doing, look what I'm doing, look what I'm doing, sort of thing, like, ah, sort of thing, and then, and then when I, uh, committed myself, like, as a citizen in Australia, um, when they said that you had to, I don't know, um, what work towards, what they were working towards, or whatever they were talking about, I did like this, and I made it really super obvious to everybody, Everybody right now dude, if I'm a man, I was like, ah, look at me, look, look, look, and they just continued the ceremony, and I became a citizen, so I did that while I was becoming a citizen, like, really, like, that was the ceremony, and I was saying that no, I was not going to be a part of this evil, and they were like, okay, whatever, you know. it doesn't matter it was really funny that was an awesome ceremony um i really had fun there and then after the ceremony some guy was like oh you looked like a porcupine and it's like so funny because i just had this huge mohawk it was good it was a fun ceremony here is where treachery comes in, and has nothing to do with betraying one's country or group, but instead a person. For in the same way you judge others, you will be judged, and with the measure you use, it will be measured to you put your swords into their hearts for all that take the sword shall swim with the sword just ensure that while you sharpen your sword it doesn't come back the blow that kills one man will strengthen another life is all one big chess game my love you were the pawn but now you are the queen what will you do be my love and I will spend the rest of my life teaching Telling these idiots what she deem most important.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-010-Gamification

uh-huh then do it how do we weight them up to your existence my love how can we make you famous maybe we are worrying for no reason because it is inevitable that you are going to get famous because this TV show is just going to continue on for the rest of my life and I'm never going to stop. I love conditioner. It makes my hair very nice and I don't like tangles and it fixes them. Conditioner is amazing. But I

know very well how videos can just collect and nobody know about the series. However, For this time it's a bit different because it's your name and it's not a concept. This show is a screening tool to learn who is human and who is not. I really love baths, especially after a night of drinking.

Look my dear, we have all the search results. If your family ever again searches for your name on Google, they are going to find me. Because my dear, we are married and that means that our names are forever attached to each other. I knew that you were going to save the world my dear.

I just did not know how at first. It's really amazing how God works. And I am not stupid. I know exactly what I am doing and my appearance and effect on the heart of certain types of girls.

It doesn't matter if people aren't aware of you yet, my love. There is nothing concealed that will not be disclosed or hidden that will not be made known. A Palestine group on Facebook just banned me. All that is hidden within this world will eventually be revealed.

Am I not allowed to promote myself? Is what I have to say so unimportant that I'm not allowed to promote the content? Going to spend the rest of my life, dear, showing you how sick this world is. Because we have to do everything that we can to ensure that our world that we create after this one won't have the same problems.

She very much is the Counselous Adventures. I don't know what your parents will think, my love. If you are the parents of Enos Shalkett, then please feel free to contact me. What is marriage?

Is it not uniting two souls together as one? And is it not spending the rest of your life dedicated to that other person? I legally got married to a five-year-old. God's Law Why God made you five?

Because five is the perfect age to start learning about philosophy. No one can tell me that I am not married to this girl because that would show how stupid they are. Manipulating search results. These idiots have no ability to look at background conditions.

All they can see is face value. Remember, dear? Good for bad and bad for good. Bitter for sweet and sweet for bitter.

What? This is my body. Agreed. You guys are really fucked.

Jesus loves the little children. All the children of the world. Red and yellow, black and white, they are precious in my sight I love the little children of the world Drop by drop, we will make sure that they never forget I really love David Icke He releases so much content, like me I would read your books if you released audio versions of them.

He is single, ladies.

Don't you find it strange that I don't have a Wikipedia?

I've spent my whole life doing this. I tried to add myself one time and they stopped that very quickly. They won't let you add yourself. It is really hard to get information out there and I don't understand how people do it because I see people's profiles and stuff and they get lots of likes and shares and stuff like that and people will just randomly join a group and post some random crap and they'll get lots of shares and likes and stuff like that.

But, like, there's something weird on the internet with me, like, I'm flagged for somehow, and, um, the internet makes it where it constantly tries to suppress my information. and I've been gathering evidence to this like throughout all of my films I've been recording this happening and you can see it for yourself I've only recently been able to manipulate Google search results how weird is that because Because I have been out there for a very long time. In heaven, sir, will you be my best friend? Maybe one day you'll find me in this life and we can be friends.

Allow your enemies their space to hate. They will destroy themselves in the process. Their fate is secured, is yours. All these 5G masks all over Melbourne that weren't there before the lockdown, they've been ro- It's a me, it's a Mario.

SHIELD is an Espionage Special Law Enforcement and Counter Terrorism Agency. Its acronym means Strategic Homeland Intervention Enforcement and Logistics Division. HYDRA is a terrorist organization. Before the evolution of mankind, a cabal of immortal hooded reptoids came to Earth, planning to start a legacy of evil.

The corrupted Brotherhood of the Spear spread out, ingraining itself like a multi-headed serpent into all facets of human society, from science to magic to politics. Hydra is split into four independent sectors. corporations, government assets, global criminal groups, and intelligence gathering. SHIELD was destroyed by HYDRA some time ago, and I have re-established SHIELD since then.

HYDRA has taken over our world. We are recruiting agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. If you are interested in becoming an agent, keep watching. They want their control system in place before enough people have understood what's going on to actually react against it.

Gamification is the application of game design elements and game principles in non-game contexts. It can also be defined as a set of activities and processes to solve problems by using or applying the characteristics of game elements. Shall we play a game? This life is a game. I don't think it is fair that in this life

we are required to work a normal job if we have the skills to be able to do something like this like this is my job I should not have to go and seek work elsewhere I want to do this for the rest of my life like just focus on this and it's not very nice to say no you can't do that you have to be placed in a normal job that we're offering out there and I don't want anything out there I want, everything I want is you know, coming back at me so like, I don't want what they have and it's really annoying that they try to force you to to be a part of their evil fucking society the Lord does not look at the things people look at, people look at the outward appearance, but the Lord looks the heart. Verily, Allah does not look at your appearance or wealth, but rather He looks at your hearts and actions. There is nothing outside of yourself. Look within. Everything you want is there. You are that. You can't look outside of

yourself. You must look within yourself and address all of the things that are going on within you and clear out the things that are not useful. Whether it's fear or anger or shame, or guilt or whatever it is clean that stuff up being profoundly immoral and wicked evil is the opposite or absence of good alphabet soup



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-011-Swagger

BASED means being yourself, not being scared of what people think about you, not being afraid to do what you want to do. Based is a slang term that originally meant to be addicted to crack cocaine or acting like you were, but was reclaimed by the rapper Lil B for being yourself and not caring what others think of you. To carry yourself with swagger. I love that word, swagger's awesome.

To walk or behave in a very confident and arrogant and self-important way.

They kicked me, but they did not ban me, so I just joined again. Tried to.

Why is all of the Palestine groups rejecting me?

Look, I'm spending my life trying to free Palestine, yet you don't want me to do that? like you don't want me to be a part of your group and do that with you the thing is is that i'm much more powerful in this situation than palestinians are because i'm outside of that and if there's someone that's outside of it trying their best to help you then why would you reject that help He was using it in a positive way.

Thank you for sharing your story with all of us. I said before that I am very happy even if my video only reaches one person. It wasn't a waste of time because I was able to communicate to that person. But since I keep making videos, I got countless of them, imagine how my views are going. It's slow going, but I'm getting more and more and more views. And when people realize the content, when society realizes the content, then boom.

I can't wait to see you, my love. We did very good in this life, Enos.

Collecting friends.

How many friends do I have? 15. Completely successful, successful, successful, successful, successful, successful, successful, not yet successful, successful, not yet successful.

16 friends. This guy's my friend. I love him very much. Plus all of my fake friends that completely ignore my work.

However, it is really interesting that I manage to be able to keep these fake friends even though my work is really controversial because they kind of know what I'm doing. and even though they distance themselves quite significantly from me because of what I'm doing, they still stay my friend, which is cool. Now the first result, my love, is our wedding.

Venus Shockit is taking over the internet. to be forever attached to me is within an hour of showing you the views I got all those other videos so how quickly was that this means the TV show Enos This shortcut is already successful. Where will it go? What will become of it?

I will never stop. It's so good because I don't have to worry anymore about making multiple productions. I can just focus the rest of my life on this one production and just keep making episodes. How fun!

That Palestine group that kicked me now blocked me when I tried to join again. It's happening much more quickly now. How successful am I? Booyah.

Shortened form of booyaka. Booyah, like booyaka, is a statement of good feeling. What is success? It matters not what time of day it is, there is always at least multiple people watching at least one of my videos, so around the clock people are watching my content, and even if I only have 15 subscribers, I'm still completely a success.

And I will continue to shout your name from the rooftops for the rest of my life. An avalanche is a mass of snow, ice, and rocks falling rapidly down a mountainside. It's a sudden arrival or occurrence of something in overwhelming quantities. the top of the mountain all the way down bottom. If you are a YouTube fan and there's an episode

missing, go to my website and watch the episode there. And be careful because sometimes it might be the last episode that was blocked. So there's a lot of episodes that are missing from YouTube because they blocked it. So if you're going to watch my content through YouTube and not through my website, then I very much recommend that you be careful because the story will be really confusing if you miss episodes within it.

I don't do very well in cold. It's not even winter yet and I'm freezing. Hey, Enos, how about we make our world warm all year round?

There will be no more nights. They will not need the light of a lamp or the light of the sun. For the Lord God will give them light, and they will reign forever.

Yeah, right, Edie. We have already married. How can she be yours? Where were you when she died? Where were your tears?

You are my sunshine, my only sunshine. You make me happy when skies are gray. I'll make you know dear how much I love you. No one can take my sunshine away.

not even Mickey Mouse how great is life my dear I don't need a single person yet the entire world needs me the only reason that I suffered before is because I was looking for you with my entire existence and I couldn't find you so I was relying on other people to try to help me find you but I found you now so I'd no longer suffer I am the happiest person in the world ski pants are my favorite type of pants they keep me really warm and they look awesome vegetarian nazi goring is my favorite food as hot as possible spicy what would be better for the psychology of a child to watch disney or to watch me you are five years old my love that is one hand and i do not talk down to you do not respect or even listen to those who talk down to you what wisdom they have to convey is not wisdom you know good for bad bad for good bitter for sweet sweet for bitter my favorite drink is milk i need the stuff

i don't eat very much at all and if i didn't have milk i would have died of starvation long long long time ago. The government forces me to take this antipsychotic because they reckon that I am crazy and if I stop taking it then they put me on a needle. That needle actually goes into your backside. Oh look at that so yum favorite food ever. Even though it is

absolutely delicious. It is really difficult for me to eat any solids. So this one meal will probably last me like four or five meals. I'll just keep eating it for the entire week. It is enough for

the son of Adam to eat a few bites that strengthens his spine. Blessed are those who hunger and thirst for righteousness, for they will be filled. Open wide your mouth, and I will fill it. Do not work for food that spoils but for food that endures to eternal life. A tyranny is a cruel and oppressive

government or rule. A state under cruel and oppressive government. Cruel, unreasonable or arbitrary use of power and control. Something that I found really strange about this pandemic is that this is the first time that we've ever quarantined healthy people.

Usually you quarantine the sick so that it doesn't spread to the healthy. But why would you quarantine the healthy? It's really backwards. I'm working on a neat game for university that I wanted to share with you.

Philosophy is a quote association game that presents philosophical quotes and asks who it was who said them. The game is designed to be able to link concepts with the individuals who explored them. let's play. Currently 40 quotes but I can just keep adding to it as much as I want. If you want to play my game then you should download Kahoot and then

search for it. Some reason they blocked it. I don't know why because there's nothing bad about it. However I am in the process of trying to get it unblocked so hopefully by the time you watch this video you will be able to access it it's really good to be able to link concepts with the individuals who had those concepts so instead of learning direct information you're kind of learning what topics, what ideologies, what values the philosopher quoted held because you can kind of determine what a person is going to talk about by what they always talk about. Just like me, you can determine what my content is going to be in the

future just as what it is in the past just by understanding how I think so this is trying to encourage you to learn how philosophers think and not necessarily learn direct information from the philosophers because learning how they think you can fill in all the gaps whereas if you're just learning the information they provide to you then there's no way for you to fill in any of the gaps. Kindred spirit, possibly me in another lifetime. These are the men that change our world for the good, not these people. I find university very difficult and annoying because they want clear and concise learning outcomes so I can't teach a lot of things I have to teach one thing specifically and I have to do it according to their theory when I know that my theory is way better than their theory it's super annoying like I'm always thinking about quitting because it's really hard because some of the things that they're asking me I'm not really capable of doing because I'm not a teacher like normal teachers are. I'm an alternative style teacher and that

makes it really difficult to conform to their processes and procedures. The education in industry is not concerned about saving the world. Why is that? When I started my degree in philosophy, I was getting mostly credits Every once in a while, I would get a pass

But by the time I finished I was getting high distinctions and distinctions

But now doing a master's in education I got back to getting credits and passes and they won't allow me to focus on what I'm doing here apparently this is informal education and I need to focus on formal education although I think I can fight really hard and focus on informal education because that's what I do They reckon that I am not a real teacher, even though I reach way more people than they do. Another thing, shouldn't masks be worn by the sick so they don't infect the healthy and not by the healthy? and maybe it's not even a good idea for the sick to wear masks because you're blocking your airway and your body's being forced to breathe in more and doing that over time is not going to be good for your immune system so that means that by these actions that you're taking it's going to lower your immune system making it easier for you to get sick my mother can't breathe in those masks and she's a nurse so she had to be transferred to other areas of the hospital so that she would not have to wear a mask it seems very obvious like clothes that's not natural to close up the airway of your mouth that's in your nose it's like it's not natural to do that it's not good for your body it's not good for your mind look my dear a google search of your new name another thing about doing this masters is that there is so much reading and to honest more reading than is humanly possible so they just overload you with reading and I can't focus on my assignments as much as I want to because there's just so much reading to do and the thing is I read way faster than anybody else because I use text aloud to speak it out to me um but it's still too much reading to be able to do i guess because i'm taking four units which is a full-time load but there's still some readings that i just can't get around to because i don't have the time to be able to do it i think next term i'll take three units instead of four and that would be a lot easier for me to be able to cope with that's still a full time load however I think I'm probably one unit too stretched right now so if I had one less unit my life would be a lot easier but doing this too and everything this doesn't really take too much time because i just do my normal thing and whenever i have a thought uh to share with you girl then i just take out the camera and share it with you so this process right here that i'm doing right now doesn't really take a lot of my time uh it's just uh and to be honest it helps me with my studies a lot because whenever i'm struggling to understand something then i just use research do research through the camera, and then that assists me in comprehending the subjects on a deeper level. COPPA, Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, means that students under the age of 13 cannot be allowed to share personal information that is then kept in the software database.

Good for bad and bad for good, bitter for sweet and sweet for bitter.

A teacherpreneur is a leader and a champion for change and a realizer of the vision. They are able to introduce new methods of publication and sharing and they are adept at building and facilitating communities. They are researchers and they innovate from within. The next step is leading a revolution, leading new approaches to professional learning, and working to connect students and teachers with the world.

Modern day education is really stressful for students, and I don't think that's right to make it like that. It doesn't have to be stressful for students. I'm not stressing you out by presenting this information to you. It's all there for you to easily be able to connect with.

However, the education industry has put so many policies and procedures in place that it's no longer fun, which makes more people not care about education, because education is no longer fun, or education has never been fun. People just want to get educated and then go out to the workforce, so because it's not fun, we lose the lifetime learners. We should just make education fun, like what I'm doing. Thank you, dear, for being five years old. I know I said before that that was too young, and it is, but my psychology is geared like that, and from five we can have countless adventures and you'll always be five, six.

I'm such a seedy bastard. I shot for twelve because I knew that was right, but deep down I wanted younger. The Lord saw my heart. God, please ensure that Enos' body is durable. I really don't want to hurt her. Five years old might be too young in this world, but not in the next.

If you are wired similarly, don't give up hope. For God has all the dead children of the world.

Maybe you can't have sex with your soulmate, a child, here on this corrupted earth. But if you continue to live a virtuous life alone, then when you get to heaven, you will be rewarded.

Can we please have sex a lot, my love? That would be really awesome. The idiots watching don't realize you are on your throne in heaven, smiling at me.

This is all for you, dear.

Jesus loves me, this I know. For the Bible tells me so. Little ones to Him belong. They are weak, but He is strong.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-012-Advance-Australia-Fair

Rapture is a feeling of intense pleasure or joy, for the Lord Himself will come down from heaven with a loud command, with the voice of the archangel, and with the trumpet call of God. And the dead in Christ will rise first.

After that, we who are still alive and are left will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in the air. And we will be with the Lord forever. Therefore, encourage one another with these words.

David Icke managed to become successful without an education background.

So, I'm going to work really hard to finish this master's and that's it. I'm finished. Hopefully, people can understand what is in front of them, but people are so stupid. If I don't finish this Masters, then what does it mean for me?

Nothing. It matters not. There is nothing in this world that a Masters could achieve me that I could not achieve without a Masters. So even though I'm going to continue trying my hardest to complete this master's, it is irrelevant whether or not I finish it.

The most exciting thing that ever happened in a white church! These years of mediocre grace. Finally, it's amazing! This must have been what it was like at Jesus' concerts.

Now we'd like to do a couple of new psalms. Many of us have made a God that's like us instead of the other way around. God loves diversity. God didn't just make one type of flower. He made thousands of different flowers.

Roses, lilies, orchids, and he made the weeds too. But he loves all of them indiscriminately. I wonder if my video will be blocked because I shared that. Let the weeds grow with the wheat. That means it's all in the game. Go easy on it.

It's all in the game. The game of life. Although I am persecuted in this world, does not mean that I will be persecuted in the next. Persecution is hostility and ill-treatment, especially because of race or political or religious beliefs. It is oppression.

You were killed, my love, because you were Muslim and you had not even grown up to make your own choice. It was just what you were born into. Formal education is there for you to become fucking evil. If you don't want to become fucking evil, then you will either figure out how to manipulate formal education or you will reject it.

If we do not tell our story, someone else will. And more often than not, another version will not be the one we want to be told. In the 21st century, all of this referencing is really stupid because you can easily Google the quotes that I provide and learn their deeper context. If these quotes are not available to all of society, then there is a problem which needs to be immediately rectified.

Video is recording, reproducing, or broadcasting of moving visual images. As a master's student, my life is all about reading. I just am constantly reading more and more and more and more information. And I like doing this.

However, I think the stresses that education puts on you to do this in the way that they want you to do and not your own way. I don't think that's right, and because of this, I will never support the education industry, and I will always be an independent, informal, informal educator. how awesome is my swagger super mash is a game that makes games I am pretty sure that I'm just going to work really hard and continue until I finish my masters but to be honest it matters not But if I get to the point where I'm like, fuck that, who cares? Like, I've already achieved what I wanted to achieve.

I've already obtained what I wanted to obtain.

People that get awards for their toils are shills, swindlers. Trust me, my love. Don't trust anyone else, for they will turn on you. I think it is amazing how I can broadcast to this one girl and not get in trouble for it and not be under the copper rules because they're always plural it's really funny because i'm not providing this material for children i'm providing it to one child who is dead and because of this i get away with everything that i'm doing I am really trying hard with this masters and if I am unable to complete it then that matters not because you can see and you can see how stupid they are.

I think that I can complete it though. So I will try my best to obtain a masters in education, knowledge networks, and digital innovation. Why? No idea.

To be honest, after this I just want to get a job being a voice actor in a game. So what I'm doing really has no relevance to my life. It's just to prove to you that I am an educator and you're an idiot. An idiot is a stupid person with low intelligence.

You will never be forgotten, my love. I will ensure it.

I know that I am just going to continue to work really hard until I finish this masters. But to be honest, does that matter? If I obtain a master's in education, is that going to affect any of my content? once I finish that is it and from there I just have to find a job being a voice actor in a game and then after that another game and then after that another game and just keep on being a voice actor and multiple games lots of different games. It would be cool to be a voice actor. I want to be a voice actor. If

I am never allowed to be a voice actor in games then that will show how stupid this society is how much emotion can I express stupid is having or showing a great lack of intelligence or common sense text aloud is an amazing application and there is no way that I would be able to do university without it. It is the only way that I can read a lot of information at one time. There is no way that I could read all of this information without having it talking to me yes I paid quite a lot to be able to listen to this voice which I really love which is a little girl's voice this little girl's voice teaches me so so so, so, so much. Her name is Rosie. I am the British English speech synthesis voice from

a cappella. Efficient, fast, and of very high quality. Why not try me out with your own words in the context of your application? What is the context of my application? Free

Palestine. Even though Palestinians don't want me to do that. David Ike, if you made your books publicly available then I could read them easily thanks to Rosie. A global education leader is flexible and adept at working with diversity, at the same time insisting on better pathways and never willingly taking no for an answer.

I don't have to reference my sources. You can easily Google the quote and find who it is who said it. Why do universities give you so much information that there is no way that you can comprehend it all? This is David Icke.

Let's see if we can become his friend. like literally just came out right now and yeah you see to be honest I don't need all of this bullshit education crap it is worthless to me what is a value is is my heart connecting with yours. Most global educators start out as lone wolves. This is how I learn.

Traditional classroom wolves used social media as the vehicle to collaborative and global learning, had a strong sense of mission, a need to transform the system to contribute to the global village, The name of the name Enos is Nice Time. Enos has a deep inner desire to use her abilities in leadership and to have personal independence. She would rather focus on large important issues and delicate the details. Her number is 7. My number is 777.

She is excellent at analyzing, understanding, and learning. She is a mystic, a philosopher, a scholar, and a teacher. When presented with issues, she will see the larger picture. She is a Muslim girl name and it is an Arabic-originated name with multiple meanings.

Enos name means sociability. To be sociable is willing to talk and engage in activities with other people. Friendly. Enos have a very beautiful name.

I am very sorry about your comrades. Who knows why they would block me. Maybe because I took you as my wife, even though you are very young. However, isn't that permissible in their religion?

I have the right to do anything. You say, but not everything is beneficial. I have the right to do anything, but not everything is constructive.

I thought a very long time before I did this.

I'm a good boy. I'm taking my medicine.

Every single fucking day that I do not want to, But they force me to, and if I don't, they inject it in my ass.

If it doesn't work, why would you put these chemicals in your body?

Because if I do not, they will incarcerate me indefinitely.

It does not matter if you're happy and content in your life. They do it anyway. I find it so strange how government can assume that they can just abuse their citizens and get away with it because their citizens will speak out and continue to speak out. And it reflects very poorly on the government because of what they're doing.

Like, they're so stupid for oppressing someone like me.

Treason is the crime of betraying one's country.

Are you ready? Australians, oh, let us rejoice, for we are young and free We've gold and soil and wealth for toil, our home is girt by sea Our land abounds in nature, gifts are beauty rich and rare. In history's page let every stage advance Australia fan. How proud should we be?

for we are young and free just because you are government does not mean you can get away with murder it's actually quite funny because the government now leaves me alone because i do this And once they realized that all I do is film or record their actions and then broadcast them to everybody, they kind of left me alone. But it took them a while to understand what I was doing in order for them to leave me alone. So, you know, how fucked up is that? Enjoy poor strains that let us sing at best, Australia fans.

Australia does nothing.

He gets incarcerated.

The government has incarcerated me for over one year of my life. That is one year that has been wasted thanks to the Australian government. Do you think that you can get away with it Australia? Everything that every single individual does has repercussions.

And if individuals are acting on behalf of the state, and the state allows those individuals to make terrible decisions, then the state is responsible. Beneath our radiant southern cross, we'll toil with hearts and hands to make this commonwealth of ours, renowned of all the land. I do love how Australia will still take care of its people even if they don't have a job and that's really important to me and that's something that Australia does well so even though I'm very critical of Australia they still take care of their people even if they do force drugs upon them. For those who've come across the seas, we've boundless planes to share.

Australia, I've forced medications upon me and they're so fucking evil. I still really love Australia. Australia is a really great country. I love how they have socialized medicine and I love how if you don't have a job, you won't die.

that's so amazing that's a good thing Australia is really awesome in some respects with courage let all us combine to advance Australia fair if you can cry of your own country then you really do love your country even if you hate it in joyful strains let us sing Advance Australia Fair I've been to cities that never closed down from New York to Rio and old London town but no matter how far our wide-eyed road I still call Australia home Wow, crying over a fucked up country and not you. How weird is that, my love? I'm always traveling. I love to be free. And so I keep leaving the sun and the sea.

but my heart lies waiting over the phone. I still call Australia home. This is my home, my love. The heart of the world. This video is probably going to get blocked because of the

music. I hate that. I wish I could just utilize the resources around me without worrying about YouTube blocking videos. I have had times where people have told me just to re-film what I filmed without that content in it and that's not how it works like what you're getting here is a one-time thing like there's no replacing it I can't film this production again it's only happening once and this is what you get there's no way to film the same production twice because I don't work like that that's not how to be honest not how anybody works like you can't just film the same production again without the music and to be honest I could just go through the camera and delete all the music scenes and then I wouldn't have to worry about it but then it wouldn't be the same production so I can't do that so I have to cross my fingers that it won't be blocked and hopefully my voice singing over it will mask it in order for it not to be blocked that's what I'm hoping we'll see how it goes there



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-013-Snake-Charmer

We are now very successful, my love, and together we are getting famous, or should I say infamous. We never wanted fame. We just wanted infamy. Infamy is a state of being well known for some bad quality or deed.

The Illuminati are right in front of us, but people are blind, my dear. Being widely hated for being a good person is the spice of life.

Woohoo! Nice scene. On my knees, as always. Some things take longer, so, you know, what time is it?

Yeah, and you even see it. This is a sucky scene, and I would just like delete it normally, but you know I know how many fucks given no No, sorry randomist scene sucks DOES IT REALLY! I'm not gonna cut the scene because I fell off the fox and chick. Because I'm still recording mates and the shit shit that yo yo yo yo what does to each other?

Your anger and deception has blinded not only your autonomy because hey girl you're the only one for me me what do we got here mate I said whoa you know you know you know St. Vincent de Paul's awesome because they gave me this bed and raw. It's only a single, but I don't want anything bigger I'm so happy with it. I've slept better Than I've slept in a long time with it. Thank you

St. Vincent de Paul They gave me this table

Which is super awesome And this and I kind of just hang out on my throne like this you see. So as we see different ways of expressing we will eventually find black man. I missed Friday, but look at the times, I like to go to bed at 11.30 or so, but let me get naps here and there, see there's a little bit of a nappy nap, wakey wakey, and every once in a while I'll get a good seat, look at that, mmm, that looks good to me, uh, sleep, but they won't put me on good medication to help me go to sleep, because, I don't know why, like weird this stuff right here but it's really hard for me to get this one is done and sent but i'm working really hard on this one right now let's do it the other day because i am the snake charmer baby and i'm also hits a target no one else can hit genius hits a target no one else can see. Even though the idea, as an analogy to the open source free software movement, has attracted attention from both research and practice, it still has not achieved the adoption expected. However, the potentials for research as well as practice

remains enormous, in particular in view of the given economic and organizational constraints for the education and training sector.

I did them both.

It's time to spare.

So now I don't have anything due until the 25th and then 3 on the 1st of June.

So all good for May until the 25th of May And the 1st of June I got 3, 2, 3. Yet, in holding scientific research and discovery in respect, as we should, we must also be alert to the equal and opposite danger that public policy could itself become the captive of scientific technological elite that was from him but you can't stop worrying and therefore you get additionally worried that you are worrying and then furthermore because that is quite absurd and you're mad at yourself because you do it you are worried because you are worried, you are worried. That is a vicious circle. 14 billion doses. How did

he get to be the leader of health? He's a college dropout. He dropped out two years into his undergraduate degree. Microsoft stole the 86 DOS operating system owned by Seattle computer products and written by Tim Patterson. Bill Gates conned Tim Patterson into signing

over all the rights to 86 DOS for only $5,000 without telling him that it was for what would become the most famous operating system in the world qualified to serve shit testing sterile I don't know how he thinks he has permission to give like how he's kind of just you can do it if I say you can do it um I'll let you if you you know do that yeah which we call things but they aren't you know it just so happens you know it's a legal act but says so too and but but you can do it if if it's under big guys like you can do it if I say you do it I've been you a good life, taught you everything, happy together in life, maybe my Kahoot game, Philify, maybe it got blocked because I've shared that Kamoo quote. Maybe that's the reason why I got moderated, um, that's what I said. Better a patient person than a warrior, one with self-control than one who takes a city. Will be granted such goodness except those who exercise patience and self-restraint.

None but persons of the greatest good fortune.

A preacher is a person who preaches.

A prophet is a person regarded as an inspired teacher or proclaimer of the will of God. A messenger is a person who carries a message or is employed to carry messages. A woman must not wear men's clothing, nor a man wear women's clothing, for the Lord your God detests anyone who does this. To be possessed is to be controlled by another spirit.

The only way in which we can react against the disapproval of the entire community is by setting up a higher sort of community, which in a certain sense outvotes the one we find. He may stand out by himself over against it, but to do that, he has to comprehend the voices of the past and future. That is the only way the self can get a voice which is more than the voice of the community.

All the voices that matter will unite.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-014-Rapture-of-the-Church

Okay, dear, so I learned that for my particular setup right now, about 18 minutes is the sweet spot to aim for when creating my content. And that is because over 18 minutes, I'm dealing with really large file sizes, and archive.org keeps on telling me to resume, and I have to restart the whole upload again, and it's taking way too long. So, about 18 minutes, that's the sweet spot. This calls for wisdom. Let the person who has insight calculate the number of the beast, for it is the number of a man. That number is 666.

13. 1.32 GB. 18. I'm really hard to understand sometimes when I'm high. Doesn't matter. You

still understand me. And it was a really funny episode. I am just going to keep working on my film style, forever refining it, manipulating it to be the best that it can be, because I'm convinced that I can compete with big explosions. The entertainment industry is dying, so is the education industry.

What will their baby become? We have had an absolutely fantastic launch, but now let's slow it down just a little bit. I need to be focused on my university work and then use this to aid my university. To be honest, we can't slow down or speed up any of our productions.

They happen at the speed in which they unravel and that's it. Trust and obey, for there's no other way to be happy in God, is to trust and obey. In order to have the opportunity to grow up into a good person, you need to have those seeds planted in your childhood. childhood is the best time to start studying philosophy if there is no bush to water then there is nothing to grow the foundations of a good life is studying it from its beginning to care for the soul is to care what that soul partakes in. Everywhere I look I see evil represented as good. How can we

navigate around such a confusing world? How can we stop our leaders from committing war crimes? How can we lead by example? How old should you be before you You start studying philosophy from infancy.

You should be constantly exposed to it as you're growing up because your parents should be constantly exposed to it because your parents should be good people trying their best to become better people and that's the way you do it through the holy scriptures. What are the holy scriptures? I am creating them for you right now. Past, present, and future.

Our religion, my dear, is the combination of Judaism, Christianity, and Islam. With a drum roll at the end. A memory recorded is a memory captured forever in time. What memories are most worthwhile to record?

What memories are most impactful not only on the personal psychology but also the collective psychology? Here is the memories that our collective values most. Where is the wisdom? No wisdom here.

philosophy is philo, loving, and sophia, wisdom. To be wise is having the power of discernment and judging rightly. To be a wizard is to be extremely wise. The distinction between philosophy and magic was blurred in the Middle Ages.

White magic is the use of supernatural powers for selfless purposes. I cannot make a miracle happen, neither could any other prophet. All that we do as prophets is trust in God and then God makes the miracle happen. We are not directly responsible for that miracle.

God makes the miracles. We just have to be around to record them. Those who do rituals for another power are not monotheistic. They do not believe that God has no partners, so when they're working for another force, they think that other force actually has some power in the world, when the truth is God has all the power.

This is when you know you have fans. Now, right after I put the episodes up, at least one person watches it. I just put that up, and I got one like, too. That's what you want.

And because I regularly do this, that means that eventually people will realize that I regularly do this and that has the potential to create fans who look out for my content around the same time every day. Which I think that I've been putting an episode out pretty consistently and I'm pretty sure that's how you end up getting fans because if you just put it all out at once then people don't realize and it just ends up sitting there and nobody ever watches it. Whereas if you feed it when you drip it into the internet you end up getting a wider fan base. You end up connecting with a lot more people.

i could talk all day about this methodology of recording your life and how it's really beneficial to your life to do that but the thing is you won't understand until you do it so once you do something that i'm doing like i'm doing you won't understand how much your life can improve because of it so just do it grab a camera and start playing around with it this is all open source so please feel welcome to record parts of it and then communicate to me that way um this is attempting to make it easy for us to collaborate together but i don't see anybody out there who's worth collaborating with so I'm not collaborating with anybody but if if you dedicate your heart and soul to God and you film yourself and your journeys day to day while doing that then I want to be your friend that's what I want to connect with a lot of people like that because those are the people that get into heaven because they're the only types of people that can actually create a good society. I want to clearly distinguish between a friend who I am collaborating with and a stalker. I have never had a friend to collaborate with yet but I have had many of these. A stalker is a person who harasses or or persecute someone with unwanted and obsessive attention.

A friend is not a stalker. If I ask you to leave me alone and you refuse, then you are not a friend but a stalker, especially after I block you and you find other ways to contact me. I'm looking at you girls, I have broke so many hearts. This is especially important now that I have a wife.

I am not looking for a relationship because I have the best one, I was going to say in the world, but let's say universe. I do not need anything from any of you. However, if you want something from me, then it is yours. This is my body. Blessed are they that are called unto the marriage supper of the Lamb.

I have come in my Father's name, and you do not accept me. But if someone else comes in his own name, you will accept him.

Wendell Charles NeSmith, 777, Wiccan, Wiccan, Wiccan. Paganism is a religion other than one of the main world religions. I have friends and enemies on both sides, none on my side though. For anyone who is not against us is for us.

Unfortunately, though, most of what I see is against me. I do not care if people believe that I am Jesus reincarnated. The truth remains the truth independent of whether or not you believe it. I have contacted every church in Australia that has an email address.

They have all rejected me. I appeal to you, brothers and sisters, in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, that all of you agree with one another in what you say, and that there be no divisions among you, but that you be perfectly united in mind and thought. Do not let anyone deceive you in any way, for that day will not come until the rebellion occurs and I am revealed. What is a divine tragedy? Do you like the upgrade?

It matters not how real this email is because I really received it. We have been watching at a distance and have come to admire your humility and daily struggle against the ignorance of the unknowing masses. You possess the character necessary for the challenges ahead, but you must still prove yourself as the rightful heir in order to build a harmonious bridge between the forces of good and evil. During your trials you will never be allowed to communicate with us, but we will be watching you very closely.

You will be monitored to ensure that you are adequately capable of both acts of kindness and cruelty. But I even have a problem with you, Mr. First Citizen. You see, the Ivy League schools that people like us can't afford, much less get into.

I've had a lot of stalkers over the years. If you are interested in my content and want to be my friend and collaborate with me, then that's cool, let's do that. But please do not get obsessed with me. instead get obsessed with my content I really wonder how many people can notice what is right in front of them completely lose track of time he calls that state that's when I do like two or three productions in one day I'm just like in design others who were not involved with my sculpture explain it as as being completely carried away.

Rapture is a feeling of being carried away by extreme happiness, love, and pleasure. A man and wife asleep in bed, she hears the noise and turns her head, he's gone. Two men walking up a hill, one disappears, and one's left standing still.

And there's no time to change your mind. The sun has come, and you've been left behind. Oh yeah. For as the lightning comes from the east and flashes to the west, so also will be my coming.

I just have. It means no worries for the rest of your days. It's a problem-free philosophy.

Hakuna Matata. Hakuna Matata. Hakuna Matata. Hakuna.

I take your rubbish and make it good. Look, my love, we are the champions, my friend. I consider it a challenge before the whole human race and I'm not gonna lose. Cause we are the champions of the world.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-015-Armageddon

subjects were free from time constraints I really hate that about this world and that is our time constraints like everybody's telling us we have to finish this by this time and to be honest those are very subjective interpretations of what should be done like if you say oh you have a due date of this day To be honest, it's best to say, hey, it's due around this time and we'll do what we can to enable you to be able to finish around this time. And it seems really annoying how education is saying, hey, this is a due date, and that's it. And if you miss it, then tough luck. And that's a big problem in education because students don't work like that.

We can work for a time frame, but when it comes to telling a specific time when we'll be done, like who knows like i'll be done whenever i finish the work and to expect us to do anything else is to put unnecessary stress upon us what is wisdom my love how have you been going with all of this content I know that it has been a lot but you can handle it you are amazing my dear because you encourage me every single day to give everything that I have within me to all of humanity because of you my love humanity has a chance they cannot accept the Christ you without accepting the Antichrist me vegetarian yeah baby something that I have found very annoying by the lockdown is that all the bathrooms are closed it is really hard for me to find a bathroom and the thing is is that I don't have a very large bladder so I need to be able to pee whenever I need to pee and it's super annoying now that all of these bathrooms are closed I really love the rebel Whopper it's a vegetarian burger and it makes me very satisfied after I eat it so it's really cool to have a vegetarian option that feels like it's not it's very filling it's amazingly filling and that's very hard with vegetarian food to find vegetarian food that's filling. Most vegetarian food is extremely expensive and merely fills your belly with air. Humans should thank God who is the origin of everything. Thank you God for this vegetarian meal. The son of Adam

Never fills a vessel worse than his stomach.

The son of Adam only needs a few bites that would sustain him.

Leftovers. Yay. People would say, well, why wouldn't they just imprison all of us? Well, where are they going to put all the prison cells?

The smartest way to do it was for people to turn their homes into prisons. I have checked with many sources since this COVID virus has become a thing. And there are so many people out there that are saying that this virus that we're pushing on everybody doesn't really even exist. I am not a scientist. I can show you the best way to live life.

But I have no ability to prove or disprove what idiots are trying to pose as the truth. But I guarantee you this, that if it's mainstream media that is pushing it, it is definitely not true. An agenda is a list of items to be discussed at the next G20 Summit.

Isn't it interesting how all the richest people in the world get together to meet up with each other to talk about what oppression they're going to enforce on us in the next year? No, it's not interesting. It's pretty typical. That's what happens when you allow a tyranny to run your state.

Our world leaders come together regularly to talk about how they are going to control us in the future. Don't you think this is a problem? When a lot of elites come together to speak on a subject, doesn't this flag to you as some type of event in which you should recognize and even analyze? Whoever controls the image and information of the past determines what and how the future generations will think.

Whoever controls the information and images of the present determines how those same people will view the past. He who controls the past commands the future.

He who commands the future conquers the past. Immediately after uploading, good job Enos. We did good.

Most YouTubers are constantly asking you to like their videos. And I know that I don't do that. So it really does mean a lot to me when you like my videos even though I don't ask you to do that So you're doing that on your own accord without me requesting it I think that's pretty cool Especially considering that I generally don't like videos unless they're extraordinary So, you doing that to my videos even when I don't do that to any of the videos out there, you know, that means a lot to me. I appreciate it.

Even a child can do it. I love you mate. Thank you. I am finally getting some regulars. Too little, too late. It matters not now because I have found you, my dear. Still fun, and I appreciate the love, and all that love back to you.

Thank you, beautiful, for enabling my life to help other people without needing help myself.

Thank you so much for enabling me to broaden my scope to the entire world without asking anything from them. I do not think that all 16 of my subscribers are human because sometimes some of them post confusing information. However, I am very happy to have subscribers, robot or human. Because my work is not just for humans, but also, this may not look like a lot of views to you, but considering the topics in which I have been covering, this is a lot of views.

And I don't want to miss one smile, I don't want to miss one, I just want to be with you, right here with you, just like this, I just want to hold you close, I feel your hearts are close to mine, and just stay here in this moment for all the rest of time. I don't want to close my eyes, I don't want to fall asleep, cause I'll miss you babe, and I don't want to miss a thing, the sweetest dream will never do, I'd still miss you babe, and I don't want to miss a thing, forever, forever my love, cause even when I dream of you the sweetest dream will never do. I still miss you, babe, and I don't want to miss a thing.

Continue missing me while I am away. All of the sudden, he speeded up, swerved, and drove speedily in our direction suddenly I was thrown up in the air and fell hard on the ground I tried to stand up but was feeling sleepy my sleepy girl so I fell on the ground. My doll and my coloring pencils in my bag scattered everywhere. I heard my mom shout. I wanted to reach out to her but I couldn't. I was sleepy, sleepy

girl. I felt her hug me. I wanted to comfort her, to tell her not to cry. I wanted to hug her, but I was sleepy. Sleepy girl. She hugged me and we were

standing in front of our home. The girls were walking back home. They wanted to cross the road. A settler was driving and saw the girls. He rammed them with his car. They were pushed for nearly

10 meters. He wanted to ram them again, but he saw us running after the girls. Then he just sped away and disappeared. I don't want to close my eyes. I don't want to fall asleep because I'll

miss you, babe, and I'm not gonna miss it then. Both I and the rest of the world will miss you, my dear, while you are away. We'll be with you soon. Don't wanna close my eyes, Don't want to fall asleep because I'll miss you babe and I don't want to miss a thing.

Sleepwalking is walking and performing other actions while asleep.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-016-Cardinal-Wendell

Aww, poor David.

YouTube is really scary because with the flick of a switch, they can just remove all of your videos.

Well, it looks like I'll be watching your content in the future from here.

Censoring a video is one thing, but censoring a whole channel is completely different. One of my channels got blocked in a similar way in the past, but they did not tell me that I was not allowed to create another one like they did with David Icke. They also deleted his channel a few years ago. After Alex Jones got removed, I stopped watching him because he was not convenient to watch anymore.

So removing someone from the most popular mainstream platform is removing their voice from mainstream media. Sure, this is not mainstream, but the platform in which I upload the videos to YouTube is mainstream.

Devocalization is a surgical procedure performed on dogs with a bone, where tissue is removed from the dog's vocal cords to permanently reduce the volume of its vocalizations. How loud is its volume now? It is very likely that once people start to realize the content found within my videos that I will be blocked as well because YouTube just makes up what they want and they just utilize that methodology to get people off of their platform who they don't want to be there. All it takes is the right person to report you.

This is why he was banned. Removing one video is just removing someone's voice to speak about a particular topic. But removing their entire channel is entirely removing their voice. And if someone uses YouTube to make a living, then they can't count on YouTube because they might say something wrong and then be removed from it.

I've seen it happen many times before. After they get kicked off YouTube, the world kind of forgets about them, like what happened with Alex Jones. I like my YouTube channel. I really hope that it never gets blocked. I'm trying to be a good boy for YouTube. What if YouTube really were all about you?

Our YouTube on our new world, my love, will enable freedom of speech for everybody. It's opposite here. Remember, good is bad, bad is good, bitter for sweet, sweet for bitter. Catch evil people in their evil acts and then document it publicly.

This world is our test ground, my love, to see if we are worthy in being involved in the creation of the new world, one that does not flip around their meaning. Can we know what truth is when all we are told is lies? Time for fairy dust. Time to fly.

I'm so sad about YouTube banning David Icke. I am really going to miss getting his content right when he releases it. I really enjoyed being able to watch his videos pretty much right after he made them and now it's not going to be convenient for me to follow him so I'm going to have to go out my way to be a fan which I'm going to do but that's so annoying. He's off YouTube and that's really sad.

Building your life is like building a pyramid. As the eye grows, my dear, so do its foundations. Your struggles rain dripping down the pyramid, your objectives, but they build upon the bones of idiots. The role model is a person whose behavior can be emulated by others, especially by younger people.

Onward, Christian soldiers, marching as to war, with the cross of Jesus plowing through the door. I think one production a day is a bit stressful for me, my dear, so I think every other day is a good target, but sometimes I do more, and sometimes I do two productions, and sometimes I do three productions, so I don't want to limit the amount of productions I do. just want to say that sometimes it might take me longer to release a production and that's okay because I'm studying full time trying to balance all of this. It did not mean much when I deleted my WENDcast because YouTube's limitation when recording live is that you can't record what's on your screen so it wasn't very useful to me anyway everything within you my dear everything that you can give that is what you should give I love you Enos thank you for making the world's most romantic show with me I am very glad that this production has been slowing down a little bit. I know I said that it doesn't take me very long previously to

make the production but all of the uploading and everything the whole process is very stressful and even though I can multitask very well it still does take a long time. Singing over songs appears to be a cool trick that I I can use in order to stop getting my videos blocked from YouTube because they haven't flagged a single Enos Shawcutt video and there's been some songs in there but I just sang over them and it worked. An episode every day, an episode every other day, an episode every week, it matters not. Every time I get inspired about something my dear I'll come to the camera to tell you I don't know how often I'll be inspired to tell you something one day could be a hat trick and the next nothing above all my love I want to have fun with this let's experiment and see if we can improve our productions at all I almost did it with the other production where I was zooming in and out of random things didn't quite succeed almost there I have a gift where I can open up myself to allow spirits to take over and if I was able to utilize this gift properly on camera then it would make for some very interesting productions I'm always trying my best to empower people without a voice and give them a voice like I did with the Palestinians like I do with all of my productions and demons don't really get a voice in this world and if I allow them to speak through me to you then we could open up our line of communication. Kids deserve a voice in this world and

they are ignored by most people. Therefore, whoever takes the lowly position of this child is the greatest in the kingdom of heaven. Love you girl. Where is her voice? You are

listening to it right now. We have the rest of my life, my dear, to play around and tweet this tv show to make it really cool you know lots of things been said about me or they're banning in because what you're saying about 5g um well first of all what i'm saying about 5g is um is peripheral i'm not saying that 5g is peripheral it's absolutely not but peripheral to what i'm saying about this virus because what i'm saying is there is no virus so i'm not saying the virus caused by by jmc there is no virus strange how talking like that seemingly gets you banned from every mainstream social network for what it's worth I am giving him a voice right now it was i.com so we're just at the edge of this digital revolution in fabrication where the output of computation programs the physical world. So he'd be better at mathematics than I am. This is pretty close to where my mother lives. Maintain humanity under 500 million in

perpetual balance with nature. That's the goal of Bill Gates and he's trying to find very sneaky ways that he can do that. Woo-ha-ha-ha-ha. Thanks, Dad.

I never hid anything. They just don't have the ability to see what is right in front of them. But if the watchman sees the sword coming and does not blow the trumpet so that the people are not warned and the sword comes and takes any one of them that person is taken away in his iniquity but his blood i will require at the watchman's hand Let's all blow our horns.

Never again, they said.

But in Israel today, the lesson is lost, and the abused have become the abusers. I have set this life up to be really cool, my dear. And I've made it so I can expect what's going to happen in the future. because it's not like I'm going to turn around and find you because I already know where you are so I can just stay where I am for the rest of my life and I don't need to travel anymore which is really good because I've spent my whole life traveling looking for you and now it's time for that to finish.

I have been working on my game Philofy for university However, I think it's quite annoying and I wanted to talk about it because I enrolled in a Masters of Education in Knowledge Networks and Digital Innovation so that I could focus on my game Ivory Heart and learn how to create a really good educational game. However that's not what happened because my game has to be ready or at least tight they say so Ivory Heart is going to take me a really really really long time to develop so that's quite frustrating how I can't focus on Ivory Heart I have to make like a mini game that is irrelevant to my life project in order to complete this unit.

I just wanted them so that they could help me make my game. That's why I enrolled into this course. However they don't do things practical in education. They do theories so you never learn the practical side of things.

You're not allowed to focus on practical projects. You have to create many stupid little projects that simulate a real project. So you can never actually do something that can stand the test of time. You can only do these little mini things that they get you to do.

Measuring students attentiveness? That is another patent from Microsoft. I am very happy with the government monitoring my buy tools around the clock. That doesn't bother me at all.

In fact that's actually a good thing because it could prove that I'm not the person they're looking for very easily. However I'm not cool with the government sticking something in me so keep your 666 mark of the beast away from me. Even though I am annoyed about having to do another game for my unit instead of being able to focus on my game, Ivory Heart, it's probably for the best because I'm taking four units and that's a full time load and most people doing post grad don't do that many units so I'm kind of overloaded so being able to fall back on this much much easier game is making my life at university much easier wouldn't it be cool if we were allowed to wear whatever clothes we wanted in this life that'd be awesome but we can't do that because people will judge you negatively for that how about these cardinal clothes from Saints Row and just replace the red with purple. Bitter for sweet and sweet for bitter because I am a cardinal. This is us and

our attire. Let's run around our city. If I could afford clothes like that, that is what I would be wearing. Chief, that on which something turns or depends. I would use my

webcam for interviews if I only had people who wanted to talk to me, my dear. But I don't have anyone who wants to talk to me. So it's just me and you.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-017-The-Good-Life

Neuralink will do human brain implant in less than a year. I now have a regular on YouTube who comments on most of my stuff. Thank you, Chris, for being my friend. If you don't control yourself, others will control you.

My new YouTube friend, Chris, thought that I got banned because I did not post for a few days. Thank you for your concern. However, every production isn't going to be a one-day production. Sometimes it might take me two or three or four.

If it takes longer than a week for me to post, then there's probably something wrong. But you'll get content regularly from me. I just can't promise you an episode every day.

But concerning that day and hour, no one knows. Not even the angels of heaven, nor me, but only my Father.

God gives lots of signs, so it's not like we don't know approximately when this is going to happen. It's just the specific day and hour, no one knows.

So you also must be ready, because I came at an hour when you did not expect me.

This book, my love, is all about the psychiatric industry. It not only identifies the problems within the system, but it also provides you with many essays that I wrote while being incarcerated. So, this book right here is all of the details of my incarceration that I was able to extract.

So, this has all of their paperwork in it, and my other book, The Great Awakening, has my paperwork in it. so you can compare and contrast those two books to find out what really happened. There is 666 all throughout CV.

This was all planned meticulously beforehand, merely waiting for the right crisis to present itself. to present itself. You never let a serious crisis go to waste. And what I mean by that, it's an opportunity to do things that you think that you could not do before.

Everything in this world, my dear, has been positioned in order to encourage people to make bad decisions to make ethically wrong decisions and it's made like that to encourage people to go to hell because the devil wants to bring as many people to hell as possible before the end of the world we my love are reapers Your false prophets are reapers, too. They just go about it in a completely different way. They reckon that they can be redeemed through sin, but of course they can't. It's all a deception.

It started with Sabbatai Zevi and then evolved with Jacob Frank.

It's basically a Jewish doctrine saying that everything that the traditional Jewish doctrine gives us is flipped around. So they say that the truth is the opposite of what the Jewish tradition states to be the truth. So the Ten Commandments, do not kill, do not steal, whatever, it's do kill, do steal, that sort of thing. For we are opposed around the world by a monolithic and ruthless conspiracy that relies primarily on covert means for expanding its sphere of influence.

on infiltration instead of invasion, on subversion instead of elections, on intimidation instead of free choice, on guerrillas by night instead of armies by day. It is a system which has conscripted vast human and material resources into the building of a tightly knit, highly efficient machine that combines military, diplomatic, intelligence, economic, scientific, and political operations. There's a reason that all of these things are coded in 666. Bite into an apple.

Love not the world, neither the things that are in the world. If any man love the world, the love of the Father is not in him. for all that is in the world the lust of the flesh and the lust of the eyes and the pride of life is not of the father but is of the world and the world passeth away and the lust thereof but he that doeth the will of god abideth forever Socrates' definition of the good life means that there is more to life than just living your life day to day in the same pattern. Socrates believes that in order to truly live a good life, you need to think about your existence and ask questions about the things around you.

I'm gonna live the good life. To care for one's soul means to work to make oneself an ethical human being.

It's best if I do not rush these productions and just allow them to come out naturally. I'm a very busy person. I'm studying a master's in education full time. And this is really just for me to organize my thoughts.

So, don't rush me please, these things take time and if you want to get the best production possible then you'll have to wait for it to come out and I know I do sometimes do like three productions in one day, but that's because I get inspired and that doesn't happen all the time. If you are waiting for a new production of mine, I recommend you go through my old ones because there's so much content available right before you that you won't understand how much there is until you find out for yourself. There is secrets in every production.

Every production is hilarious.

Do not limit yourself just to this production, Inez Shawkut, because there's so much more out there for you And especially if you're waiting for me to release something new, there's a lot of old stuff out there for you. And these are things that are hidden in society. So a lot of these stories you can only get from me. You can't get second-hand accounts or anything of what I do because people don't care about what I do. I don't know.

How smart is your society? I've been doing this specifically since 2012. Yet I am still hidden. No one knows who I am.

It matters not, my dear. Because I am reaching my audience. Who is you? The camera pointed up. We are looking at you, girl.

I have really created a cool life for myself here, my love, and I'm situated now. I'm at a place that I love, Canberra. The current housing situation is pretty ghetto-ish. I live in a ghetto, and I am moving. I don't know when, but it'll be probably soon.

I put in for a transfer a little while ago and that came back and was approved so I'll be moving shortly and once I get into a nice place my life will be perfect. everything is amazing like what I've created here to be able to just to talk about all of the issues that are most important to my heart and study and you know my life is amazing it's really cool what I've managed to make it and I did that by standing up against the system and not backing down and eventually I won, but it took quite some time for me to win. Now the government leaves me alone because they know that if they do not, then they're going to end up on the camera. How do we protect ourselves against the powers that be? The answer. And I know that you are not going to like

it. You had more options in the past, but we have come to the point of no return. The answer is to have no privacy on the internet. Funny thing is, we don't anyway. However, we have the illusion

of privacy, so we think that what we're doing on the internet is private, when in fact, it's not. everything that I do on the internet is public. I don't understand why most people use the internet for personal reasons and not public reasons. The internet is made for the public and it has the most potential when directed at all the public. Freedom to make public use of one's reason

in all matters. I'm starting to age a little bit, my love. I still get ID'd, but you can notice aging features on my face from the time when I started all the way up to now. I had requested that God keep me young until I found you. And now I have found you, so there is no reason to keep

being young. So let's get old now. I say get old and not grow up. I hate that phrase, especially when adults use it to demean children I love long hair let's see how long we can grow it when I was a child my parents would not let me wear long hair because they think it's girlish or whatever fuck that I am a man the Superman my clothes are pretty similar to the cardinal clothes that I showed yesterday a dress how you love wear your hair how you love you are the hero or heroine in this story this is your character creation process but this is reality and you can't choose whether you're a male or a female you are what you are. Is there a ding-a-ling in between their legs? If so, male. If not, female. What type of

character will you create? Most people just create idiot NPCs and then play out that life. Books like the Bible and the Koran were written for us. When you read these stories, you go, well, where do I fit in in all of this? They call them delusions of grandeur, but we know better. A hero or heroine

is a person who is admired for their courage, outstanding achievements, or noble qualities.

There he goes, a hero, a savior to the world. Here he stands with scars in his hair. With love we gave our lives so we can be free. If you want to taste true power, then get a camera and make productions like I'm doing and eventually that will obtain you true power, but it'll take you a very long time because you have to establish your reputation and who you are and what you're for and what you're against.

A digital footprint is the information about a particular person that exists on the internet as a result of their online activity. And that is just from my name. I don't put my name on everything. Imagine how much is out there on various topics.

it took me a long time to establish a digital footprint because I kept on being censored and blocked everywhere and nowhere would accept my content so it just took persistence and eventually Google recognized me and now I'm actually getting page ranks when before I wasn't to be like a dog with a bone means to refuse to stop talking or thinking about something to not give up



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-018-Nicomachean-Ethics

I just have to get out of this ghetto, and my life will be perfect.

Sometimes I get comments like this, but their account is nowhere to be found.

So I want to reply to it. I can't. It's not there. It's not there at all.

I would if I could. I know that he is a real person because he's on my Facebook and he tried to add me once and I didn't accept it because I just don't randomly accept people's request to be my friend. I actually want to have genuine communication before they're my friend. Our one mutual friend is my one and only friend who is atheist.

Obtaining friends in Canberra, despite how controversial my content is?

He tried to add me on Facebook a long time ago, and I rejected him because I don't just add anyone on my Facebook. But I guess Facebook makes it where if you reject them, they still follow you. So this guy has been following my post and decided today to message me or send a message through to me. which i think is really cool um because he went through the process hey i want to be your friend no it's going to take more than that oh you're commenting on my video now that means you've followed me for a long time because it was a long time ago that he actually sent the friend request um so it's pretty cool i am very happy just collecting friends doing this I'm not anyone super special or anything like that, I'm just doing what I can to save the world, and hopefully I'm encouraging other people also to do what they can to save the world.

Thank you, Joseph. I also like your heart. We did well, I love. Your videos are getting between, you know, 10 to 50 views. And that is amazing. And to be honest, that is all we need.

I have all the motivation I require to keep going because now I have people who are behind me. And yes, I know that that's not many people, but that is a lot of people considering the content that I'm delivering. Because these people who are following me now are people who can advocate for what I'm talking about in the future. What is power? I have 16 followers, yet I am more powerful than the President of the United States. I wonder how this happens.

stupid Trump this is all for you my love however if I only received two views per video I would be completely happy and content I'm receiving a lot more than that but the thing is that I only need to reach a few of you like that's my job if I can reach a few of you then everything is perfect and and this is the way it's meant to be uh if I can reach more than a few of you then that's super awesome but I'm only trying to reach a few of you because most of you are so stupid there's only the few that can actually comprehend what it is I'm saying definitely a real person who I am currently talking with however you try to find it it's not there I can easily include you guys in my videos if you just chat with me like we're doing now I really do prefer you do that through video and not just text however However if you do text and the point is significant enough then I will definitely discuss it here. So please share with me what you want to talk about and what you want to cover because you're the one directing me and this is the way it's supposed to have been from the beginning is that the students direct the teacher where the students want to learn so if we can just have a chat about you know your own life struggles or whatever and you're okay with that being public which it will be if you comment on my channels or anything but it would be really fun to you know go back and forth talking about different subjects so please feel free to comment so we can collaborate about the state of things who this is my first time doing this usually I'm like hey fuck you fuck off whatever sort of thing but this time I think I'll mention it and only mention it now I'm not gonna constantly mention it like most YouTubers do, but that is liking the video. When you like the video, or even dislike, if you don't like it, then dislike it. But whether you like or dislike my video, it's going to have a positive effect for me with the video.

So I really recommend that you thumbs up or thumbs down, I don't care which one, like fame, infamy, it's all the same thing to me. If you like my videos, then I really appreciate it because that does do significant results for the search engine optimization in order to get these videos in front of other people. So, if you're so inclined to do so, I would appreciate you liking my videos, that way my videos can reach more people. Leave me alone, Australia.

I am a good boy, and take my medicine. Please YouTube, let me be a YouTuber. Please stop blocking me. So if you are new, please click that subscribe button, otherwise I would appreciate a like or even a dislike.

I would be very happy if I could find others to play my game with me and do it on YouTube. I do not even want to read this bullshit. However I will document it for the camera. So if you want to be my friend you have to decide whether what I am doing is right or wrong.

Only once you decide this can you decide whether or not you want to be my friend. Find a friend and lost a friend like that just because they were an idiot. You should decide where you want to sit. The fence, which is against me, on the other side, which is also against me, or on my side, which is going to win, no matter what.

For whoever is not against us is for us, but so many of you are against me. Don't you see? Because if you want to be my friend, you have to respect me and what I am doing. Sometimes I provide you, the viewer, more information than I know myself and this was an extraordinary example because I did not read all of what that guy wrote.

I just filmed it and to be honest I don't want to read what he wrote. I read a little bit of it and I realized what he was saying through his words and I had to film them so you could know. But the thing is I understood those words so well because it resonated. So I hear this all the time and I can really easily pinpoint when people were being fucked up idiots and I want to stay away from that so hey you go be a fucked up idiot in your corner and I'll be a good person in my corner and this is a guy who lives near me who wants to meet up and chat no fucking way you sir can go fuck yourself if you are watching Joseph This does not mean that I reject you.

This merely means that if you want me to be a part of your life you're going to have to work really hard for that. But he won't because people are idiots and they never have an idea of what it is that they're doing. They just do it. if i am wrong then you will see that in the next productions but the thing is i'm not ever wrong if you cannot accept me for being a pedophile then you cannot accept me Because if you confess with your mouth that I am Jesus and believe in your heart that God raised me from the dead, you will be saved.

You do not have to listen to all criticism my love. The thing with this is that you kind of understand how most people will criticize you and you can learn the ins and outs of how they'll criticize you which gives you the ability to understand how to avoid their criticism which is pretty much just to avoid that person altogether. If you want to criticize me, someone who's given their entire life to try to help everybody, then please fuck off and go annoy the next person because I'm not interested in your cruelty. If you are painting your picture like I'm evil because I'm a pedophile, then there's something really fucked up with you and you're the one that needs help.

I am through with acting like I am the one with a problem when in truth it is you. If you have a problem with me then kindly fuck off of my work and go irritate other people who actually care about what a useless person like yourself has to say. Who is my audience? Adults?

Children? Kind of? One dead girl, yes definitely. Window and dead girl sitting in the tree, K-I-S-S-I-N-G, first comes love, then comes marriage. Then comes all our children in the baby carriage. It is funny when you live a

perfect life and there remains people outside of it claiming it to be imperfect. Our children, my love, are all who support us in the Great Awakening. See, my love, it matters not who supports us or how many supports we have. All we needed was God, and God will provide us everything. I shouldn't tell everybody that I am a pedophile who married a

five-year-old. Ka-ping! From the tops of rooftops, I sing, I am a pedophile who married a five-year-old. And if you have a problem with it, it is so weird now that I have found you, Enos, because I don't want anything from anybody else. So when they

contact me, instead of me thinking, like, how could I direct this person to help me find you, instead of doing that, I'm just like, well, how can I help you? And that changes the whole situation because I no longer need everybody, but everybody needs me. It's really cool. If you do not think that you need me, then you need to question seriously why you contacted me to begin with. Now that I need no one in my life, it's absurd to say that

I have a problem communicating with others because others are the people who contact me I'm never contacting them and I'm not even seeking them out like my work is really secure like nothing can break it because there's nothing reliant on the player the student whatever you want to call yourself don't you see I am here for Enos Shawcutt. That's the name of this show. I don't care about you if you don't care about Enos. Ruining my life? Fuck you. My life has never been better since I married

Enos. So if you have a problem with it, go fuck yourself.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-019-Project-Wendell

Now that I have started my new life with you, my love, how should we approach hate coming towards us?

Hmm, everything changes now that you're here, dear.

How should I feel about all of this? should I trust people and be their friend or should I be skeptical of their motives it's a hard one now because I'm not reliant on anybody yet everybody's reliant on me so I have to consider all of the options what about you Chris are Are you really a friend? How can I tell these days? It matters not.

A single person has no ability to hurt me anymore. What so ever. You can't do anything to me that is going to impact me negatively. You've already done your worst that was locking me up indefinitely. I love you dear. Masonry, like all religions, the mysteries,

hermeticism, and alchemy, conceals its secrets from all except the adepts and sages, or the elect, and uses false explanations and misinterpretations of its symbols to mislead those who deserve only to be misled, to conceal the truth. Please make use of the pause button. I will be doing this more often in my work so you gotta get used to pausing it so you can read what's in front of you. The truth is that all secret societies worship Satan and you don't really find that out until you get to the higher ranks unless you're an eager student and then you'll get to the higher ranks quicker God reveals God does not conceal so if the doctrine is about concealing that's Satanism. And no wonder, for Satan himself masquerades as an angel of light. It is not

surprising then if his servants also masquerade as servants of righteousness. Their end will be what their actions deserve. Lots of 666's here. If you are a part of a secret organization then I recommend you immediately leave it or attempt to destroy it from within. I've tried

to join them a few times but it's never worked out. I think they can identify pretty easily that I live a public life and I would just expose all of their secrets this city Canberra the capital of Australia is ran by Freemasons this city was completely planned from the ground up by Freemasons their attempt at creating a a perfect city there is still a lot of homeless people here there are a lot of needle users and there's heaps and heaps of aggression however I did end up here and I was searching for a long time for the best place in the world and this is the best place that I've ever been in time we will be able to find search results from the content within videos how cool will that be s e oh my god there are a lot of charities that are ran in Canberra if you are in need and are in Canberra help is not far away unless you need you know a roof and then you know that'll take ages I think it's really stupid how people can watch the show named after my wife a five-year-old girl and still not get it like what was this guy's problem last night oh so idiotic I've tried to make my secret public many many times but no one will let me everybody's too stupid to understand my parents don't even understand not even they get it I was transparent from the beginning school is really hard I know Wendell and you might not be able to do it it might be beyond your intellectual capabilities however I have a project for you so if you don't finish school it doesn't matter because we got something cool to do we got something really really cool to do okay so the objective is for me to just dedicate my life entirely to do this right like every waking moment and figure out how I can do that financially so I don't ask anything of you know anyone however I gotta figure out a way to not be considered a bum or like it's crazy because I want a disability pension and okay so maybe I'm not intellectually capable of doing a master's now that especially the report the I'm sorry the environmental scan I don't know what I'm gonna do. Essays are better for me and I'm only getting passes and credit so I'm not getting the best grades and what I have ahead of me the gaming thing is gonna be the easiest so today today I'm dedicated to finishing or trying my best to get close to something, you know, rough, um, ready, uh, on my game. The game's finished, but the, uh, the rationale, and I gotta figure out how to do that academically.

See, I can't do anything academically. I fail everything academically, and I suck it, because I say we and stuff like that, and that's so annoying how we can't connect emotionally with the reader and that's what I really really really really struggle doing because all of my words are somehow trying to emotionally connect so I'll continue in a sec here's the thing it's most beneficial if you just do this because you're built to do this and you just keep doing this and it'll be best not only for me in my mental state to be able to keep doing this, but it's also best for all of society because what I'm producing is very helpful in guidance. I hope it is at least I'm trying my best. I've spent my life studying these subjects and I really do think that there's a lot of meaning that we need to chat about that either hasn't been discussed before or things, there's a lot of prophecies that are coming to collision right now.

Um, so, I don't know, how do you feel about all this? You know, a lot of times I do want to collaborate, man. Whoever it is, you know, especially on Ivory Heart the game. That would be so cool if I could get people wanting to help with that game without wanting money for helping, which is really hard. I'm paying too much for it. I have to stop. I can't keep spending this money.

have to figure it because it's at the end of the day I can't make a city alive so I got a dead city and and the thing is you gotta make it alive and you you gotta put secrets around every corner too and um it but with one person doing this it's not it's not uh feasible it's not you can't I can't complete even if it took me my lifetime I can't complete that game so it's gonna open for volunteers please with really any aspects of it like I'm sure if you don't know what how you'll be useful but you go hey I would like to join the Ivory Heart team I'm sure we can think of some creative ways to use your mind to improve the quality of the game. And at the end of the day, all I'm going to be providing pretty much is a world and I'm going to be providing the stories. a lot of, I'll try at least, I'll try to develop some good storylines, um, and that will be fun. Um, yeah, so, if you get too stressed out about, um, university, do not worry, because your fallback is that just make this your life and whatever comes comes and try to figure out how I can get paid a meager living to live in a, to pay tax and to pay back my university that I'll probably fail. Yeah, this semester cost me 10,800 bucks. So if I can't complete

the assignments, that's 10,800 bucks down the drain. But the thing is I can't. Here's the catch though. I don't pay it back until I earn like over 45,000 per year. And that's

That's a lot of money, like, I get like, what, $16,000 or something, I think, $15,000 per year, you know, and I do just fine. But I'm getting paid on a disability pension, which is weird, like, how disabled is this? Just because I'm so obsessed with doing this, at some point you've got to recognize it. Especially if someone like me can't complete a masters.

My audience is huge! 17 subscribers but there's people watching my videos all the time all the time around the clock there's people watching videos watching videos watching videos and that's huge man like that's and if I can achieve that and and they're telling me that you know like the work isn't good enough um, like, you know, what's wrong with our education institutions, um, and, and I've been teaching since, uh, 2012, so, uh, and you, you can see that, you got all the productions right there, it's all there for you, you just, you know, open your eyes, look what's in front of you, um, and, and it would be a divine tragedy if I could not complete my course which would be very suitable to my theme so yeah don't worry Wendell you got it I'm probably doomed to stay on the disability pension because most people reckon what I do is pretty crazy they They are chopping away at your people, my dear. Our God, a rock, scatter our enemies. May them fall, confound their politics, frustrate their knavish tricks.

On thee, our hopes we fix. God save us.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-020-Human-Rights

No stress, Wendell, but if you manage to complete this semester, then you can just graduate with a graduate certificate. That way you don't have to do another semester to complete your master's. You don't need to do a master's, there's no reason for it. As far as your project goes, Wendell, you kind of have already done it. So what if the government thinks you are crazy? It doesn't matter, they're at least supporting you.

I just thought of it babe. You can watch all of my previous 2014 content by watching it when someone else watches it. So when someone else is watching the content then just jump on board and watch it with them and through that process you'll be able to watch all of my content. maybe you have already done that you know what heaven's like better than i do at the moment the unit that you are really struggling with wendell is the one that you have to do the environmental scan report so you can always pass three units and then fail one and just do a different unit next semester one that i don't have to do an environmental scan report that That would work, and that way I could graduate with the graduate certificate in education, not worry about the masters.

It's like, it's too much and the topics aren't specific to what I want to learn, so what's the point in doing it? We got a number one result from Internet Movie Database, good job, we did good girl. a right, a moral or legal entitlement to have or do something. Human rights are moral principles or norms that describe certain standards of human behavior and are regularly protected as natural and legal rights in municipal and international law.

These are the very basics, but we could go on. Besides basic human rights, your rights must be earned. These rights come from your character. What you do in this life, the actions in which you take, that is what defines you.

No one would let me do this video work, but I did not take no for an answer. And eventually, by continuing to do it, people just left me alone. But when you start off doing something that a lot of people don't like, it's not going to be easy. Last year, I submitted a complaint to the ACT Human Rights Commission about the way that Mental Health Australia treated me.

Mental Health Australia just responded, justifying their torture of me with false information about me. How can they get away with lying when the documentation is right in front of them? I feel that I have to document everything that I do, Because if I don't, someone will say that I'm doing something else that's not true. And if I don't have that documentation, then I have no way to prove myself innocent.

I guess it does not matter because they just spout lies, and even though I do have the documentation that reveals them as lies, they still get away with telling lies. It's so unfair in this world. There's no justice in this world. How can the government say, you said and did this, and I got the evidence that proves that I didn't say and do that, yet they still don't back down and say that they were wrong?

like it makes no sense and it's not even fair to put this pressure on my psychology to always have to document things um like you know everything like i have to document everything because i have to prove to people that i am the person that i say i am which is which is so annoying like why on earth would society create systems that does this to people i will be collecting all of the documents that I received throughout this process to compile them into another book, this time Psychiatry 102 instead of 1. And like always, they say in the paperwork that I was potentially a risk to myself and others, but can't you judge character? I don't fight people. I'm a pacifist. Like, look at what's in front of you. You can't say that

I might hurt other people or myself if you have no evidence to prove that I've done that in the past. Ugh, like, logic. Throwing out the door. And if my beliefs are delusional, then why won't they talk about them with me. They have refused to speak to me about my beliefs which they

claim as delusional. If this doesn't wave any red flags, then I don't know what else will. Let's talk about reality and then compare whose reality is closer to the truth, mine or theirs. If I have ideas of grandeur, then why do they refuse to talk to me about these ideas and how they are incompatible with the real world?

I think that I am pretty important in this world, and I feel sorry for those who don't feel like they are important. They can't answer any of these questions because mental health really isn't about mental health. It is about control and power. Mental Health Australia is merely another division of the Freemasons and they see us as cattle, not real people.

What is a true warrior? Is it the one on the front lines in the battlefield or is it the one trying to get sleep in the early morning? A warrior is a brave or experienced soldier or fighter. My soul and my spirit will go on for all of eternity.

I love you, Lord, and I lift my voice to worship you. Take joy, my King, in what you hear. May it be a sweet, sweet sound in you. It all started one day with a camera.

I picked it up and injected the drug into me and was unable to put it down thereafter. It helped me organize my thoughts, but it's not typical for people to use a camera in this manner, so it caused society to abduct and incarcerate me for over a year of my life. The fake doctors say that I have a severe thought disorder, but I think that they have a severe thought disorder because they lack the ability to think. Everything that I do in my work is not only logical but also interconnected, so it makes no sense when I'm utilizing logic, I'm progressing this story bit by bit, my thinking is very clear and I know this because I have to watch my episodes after I film them and that teaches me yeah yeah I was on the right line yeah I was going the right way or maybe I was a little off there need to reposition myself a little so I can get back in line like I'm thinking I spend my life thinking and I don't see anyone else out there who spends their life thinking yet the system the people People in the system who don't spend their life thinking, say that I am the one with a thought disorder, there's something really messed up going on, and I'm trying to expose it.

If you just listen, or if, like, I know I'm shadow banned, so most of you don't see me, but most of you hate me too. Like I'm trying to reveal something to you, and I'm not charging you anything for it, and it's the most important piece of knowledge in this whole universe. Do not give dogs what is holy, and do not throw your pearls before pigs, lest they trample them underfoot and turn to attack you. These swine have no ability to accurately assess information, so why should I care about them?

My audience is you, my dear. It matters not who we reach. We will reach everyone who God has destined to reach us. We could have adventures together, my love, without the camera, however, you want it as bad as I do, you want this information to become public because if people could understand what I'm talking about then shortly after that enlightenment collective enlightenment you just have to pick up a camera Australia you successfully trained me in philosophy and I actually graduated with a philosophy degree so So I'm just going to be a philosopher for the rest of my life, and it doesn't matter if you pay me for it or not, at least you're paying me to be crazy, I'll be yo crazy.

Frederick Nietzsche used to take long walks in the bush, and whenever he thought of an idea he would write it down and these writings compiled into books so I'm using a similar methodology to capture information except it's much more efficient because it's video as well as audio and it's not just writing Nietzsche You were ahead of your time. I wonder what you would do if you had a camera in your hand. Friends do not have to be alive. In fact, it is easier if they are not.

Collect your friends while here on earth. They do not have to be alive. If they are really good people, then they will see you from heaven above.

And you can build a relationship with them through your content and how their content affected not only you but also your content. I think Nietzsche is going to be my best buddy.

Love not the world, neither the things that are in the world.

Oh look, Facebook is suggesting that I join the Satanic Church 666. A friend.

You've got a friend in me, you've got a friend in me. When the road looks rough ahead, and you're miles and miles from your nice warm bed, you just remember what your old pal said, son, you've got a friend, and me. If you've got troubles, and I've got them too, there isn't anything I wouldn't do for you. We stick together and can see it through, cause you've got a friend in me.

some other folks might be a little bit smarter than i am bigger and stronger too maybe but none of them will ever love you the way i do just me and But complete friendship is the friendship of good people similar in virtue, for they wish goods in the same way to each other insofar as they are good, and they are good in their own right. Now those who wish goods to their friend for the friend's own sake are friends most of all. For they have this attitude because of the friend himself, not coincidentally. Hence these people's friendship lasts as long as they are good, and virtue is enduring.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-021-Body-of-Christ

I've been everywhere, man. I've been everywhere, man. Everywhere. Started out in Crown Point, Indiana.

Moved to South Carolina and then Georgia. Then moved to Perth. From Perth back to Georgia and then back to Perth again.

From Perth back to Georgia. then to Melbourne then Bacchus Marsh and Ballarat and Creswick from Ballarat back to Perth from Perth to Byron Bay then Nimbin then Lismore then to Canberra from Canberra back to Byron Bay, then to Lismore, then to Ipswich. So we're up here now. From Ipswich all the way to Cooktown and then Cairns. From Cairns to Atherton to Brisbane

and then to Florida from Florida to Mexico from Mexico back to Canberra I have always taken the cheapest flights possible so I have been around the world in their airports but as far as getting out and looking around or whatever I'm I'm pretty sure I gave you a very accurate journey. I think it's pretty accurate. It was pretty hard to reconstruct all of the places that I went throughout my life. I think that was the major moves.

But you also got to realize I moved many times within these places too, so I move around there, then I'll move somewhere far away, and then I'll move around that place, and then I'll move somewhere far away, so I'm finally settled in Canberra. I'm where I want to be. If I made any minor errors in that reconstruction of my life, then I'm sorry, but I'm pretty sure it's fairly accurate. If anything, I'm forgetting about places.

To be honest, I don't even know what the fuck a master's degree is and how it's different from a graduate certificate or a PhD because people skip master's oftentimes, so I'm not really sure of the value of a master's degree. the value of a philosophy degree is that I can say that I am a qualified philosopher if I am a qualified philosopher then why do I need to say that I am a qualified teacher that doesn't matter I'm teaching already it's what I do on a daily basis and it's in philosophy and philosophy was my major and hopefully I'll end up with the graduate certificate in education that That way I'm still qualified as an educator, I just don't get what master level, I don't even understand all this academic stuff, like they talk without emotion, they remove heart from the equation and that makes me really confused when I read their text because when they're disconnecting emotion from the information, I don't understand the information, it's so confusing to me so that's why I did so well in philosophy because most of our past philosophers connected through their hearts so I was able to become really good at philosophy because I connected through them through their hearts whereas education industry the education industry they don't do that you have to remove all heart from your work otherwise you get a bad grade remember the environmental scan report that I have to do for university the one that I have no idea what the fuck I'm supposed to do with it I just look at it go what do I do yeah I just got a 10-day extension on that assignment so hopefully that 10 days will give me the opportunity to learn what they want me to do so I can give it to him I only want to pass I don't care about getting good grades I always finish everything that is important in my life although you want to get this graduate certificate Wendell you don't have to it's not important it's not something that you need to finish although you want to I thought that the degree might help me with my own work but they won't even let me focus on my own work. I had to focus on fictional, fake work that we create. Ugh, it's so stupid, the education system. Why can't they just help you with what you want

help with? My philosophy degree was the same. They would not let me focus on my own work. I had to focus on the work that they wanted me to focus on. So I couldn't utilize the

degree to help me in my own work. The only reason I got that degree is just to prove to the world that I am a philosopher. I would not have gotten that degree otherwise. I would have studied philosophy independently like I do now, but I would have not done a formal education on philosophy if the world would have respected me for being a philosopher without a degree. Which the world doesn't even respect me as a philosopher with a degree.

So it's kind of pointless anyway, they go, oh, you're crazy, you're not a philosopher, you just think you are, and now it's like, oh, you're crazy, you're not a philosopher, you just think you are, and the only difference was before I didn't have a degree, and now I do have a degree, so that was a wasted degree anyway. All of the education system here, the whole education system is corrupt, and it doesn't enable individuals it doesn't empower individuals it uh it makes them conform everything in this world is so backwards education is about brainwashing and not learning government is about controlling their people instead of helping them corporations are about taking the wealth instead of sharing it. Your turn, my love. Once you get the eyes for it, you can see it everywhere. The police, aren't they supposed to be preventing violence? Well,

they have the monopoly on it. What about the military? Aren't they supposed to be defending their country, well they're attacking other countries. Philanthropy is a word reserved for Freemasonry. Take my eyes, open them, and then see. Just because

something appears one way does not mean it is not another. This is how they trick you because since you were born they tell you that hey this is this, this This means this, this means this, this means this, and it doesn't, but since they told you that since you were born, that's all you know, so you associate those characteristics that they told you were associated with it, so they told you that our education system is about educating, and since they constantly tell you this, you think that our education system is about educating when in fact it's not at all what would happen to our education systems if i became popular what about our government are any of these other things i'm bringing up if i became famous then the world is saved but that is not my choice that's god's if what i am talking about became common knowledge imagine what our world could become we have passed 666 good job girl we did well I love you one of mental health justifications was that they had called and spoken with my father and my father My father told them that I had cut, that I was a cutter, which never happened, and it isn't true. So why would that be in my report? Their whole report is turned upside down.

I thought this was the case. Yay. Go ahead and play my game if you want. The graduate certificate is the first half of the masters.

You know what is funny? I get along with almost everybody, rich and poor, weak, I get close to anybody because I'm so different, but like lots of people, I get along with lots of people, I get along with everybody pretty much. But I'm very selective about who I keep as a friend, like a Facebook friend. I don't do that. If the person doesn't talk to me for a long time and I try to reach

out, then they shouldn't be your friend. That's why I got like, what, 54 friends. That's quite a lot, I think. Um, most people say no. But, um, throughout all 20, just 21 episodes,

Um, not a single friend has liked any of my videos on Facebook, so shows. Because I've been posting them every single time I release an episode, I post them on my Facebook. Nothing. It's crickets. So, it's okay. We're reaching you, my dear.

Today, I'm going to see a sleep specialist. I want to go to bed between 10.30 and 11.30, so that's my problem is the bedtime. I'm happy with how I sleep. I'm just not happy with not being able to choose when I go to bed So if I can figure out how to go to bed between 1030 and 1130 every night, then I'm happy But you'll have to see that in the next episode. I want to finish this episode off

So if I get inspired when I go out, I have more footage whereas I only have a few minutes now so I'll finish this episode all I can't see how much footage I have on the camera so I have to take it into my program and then merge them all and then see how long it is and then if it's short and just cancel it and then continue filming so let's see if this equates to one episode. We're a few minutes short but I don't have to leave for my appointment for another hour and a half so I can just copy the footage over to my computer then and start with a new role in the adventure to the doctors. Don't be surprised though if I don't give you anything because I'm only doing this when I get inspired. Planning your life through the camera is amazing. I can't tell you how effective it is. You really just have to try it out because you get to see how you react to the things in your life, and then you get to see what's best for you, and then you get to choose the best possible decision.

So talking to yourself through a camera like this over time is extremely beneficial.

Writing works too, but video is so much better.

Look, they linked my YouTube profile back to my name, so that's a good thing. Just think about all of your world leaders. Why are they not holding a camera? What about your entertainment stars?

Why is someone else holding the camera, and why are they not giving their life as content to you? Do they deserve your admiration when they're only giving select parts of themselves to you? A public servant is a servant of the public. Why are your politicians not on their soapboxes preaching to you their highest good?

Why do they distance themselves from you by using media as an in-between?

Where are the people that are good for this world's development? They should be your stars. Therefore, my dear friends, flee from idolatry.

Beware of false prophets, which come to you in sheep's clothing, but inwardly they are raving wolves. Woe to you when everyone speaks well of you, for that is how their ancestors treated the false prophets.

For the time will come when people will not put up with sound doctrine.

This is my body.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-022-Heart-of-Australia

I don't understand why more people don't do this and bring the camera along with them in their daily adventures. It is really fun and by doing this you can then share your adventures with the rest of the world. Is a camera not the best storytelling device ever created? Canberra may not be the best place in the world, but is the best place in the world that I have found.

The doctor refused to look at my Fitbit data. Why would a sleep specialist not want to look at your sleep data when you have it all there for them? This is what the evil fucking doctor prescribed me. It is out of my price range. It costs $72, and there are no government subsidies.

I have taken melatonin before, and it hasn't helped at all.

I've never tried the synthetic melatonin, though, but it looks like I'm not going to be able to because I can't afford the medication. It's so crazy, the doctor knew the circumstances that I was under. Why would you prescribe medication that the patient can't afford? We know you live paycheck to paycheck, but we're going to prescribe you medicine that won't work, that you can't afford.

Why do doctors refuse to help? They could help me by putting me on Ambien. The only doctors that I have seen that do the right thing are in emergency. I forgot about heaps of places.

Oh well, it was good enough. You saw it? You saw it. You saw it.

It's okay. I just made the spice soggy. Soggy spice is still good. Some people have such an intense fear of doctors that they are said to have a phobia of doctors.

The clinical word for this is iatrophobia. For some people, this phobia of doctors may manifest itself as general anxiety. For others, it could be outright panic. My friend who read my book, Atheden, said it was good, a bit unusual, but good.

That's a good compliment. I must have just saw it at the corner of my eye and just went, oh, he said something bad and not even looked at it properly. Oops.

The Pope called for universal basic income, which I thought was pretty cool. But remember, when you're reliant on them, then they control you. Remember that God has no partners, so everything bad that happens in the world has an equal and opposite good that maybe you just can't see. That financial Armageddon creates dependency on the state, and thus if you are dependent on the state, you are controlled by the state.

I purchased this Fitbit so I could show my doctors my data while sleeping, yet my doctors are refusing to examine the information that it outputs. What is the fucking point of wearing it if they're not going to look at its results? To be honest it is really annoying and my wrist feels much better with it off. I want to wear it because I want to show the truth about how I sleep. However doctors don't seem to care about

this at all and they refused to prescribe me medication that could be beneficial I come to them because I have a sleep problem and they're like okay let's fix your sleep problem without meds but the thing is I really need meds because I just stay awake otherwise. This device cost me $250 and it is very accurate when it comes to sleep data. A waste of money because doctors will not acknowledge it. This is the medicine that I currently use to help me sleep.

But to be honest it kind of sucks and it only works for me like half of the month. So if I was given you know double then it would work the whole month but the same thing applies where if I'm given double then maybe my immune system would work faster meaning that it doesn't do anything. I'm so sorry, David. This is the worst thing that could have happened to you.

Go to fucking hell. Why would you even bother? What's the point?

What do you think the fate is for people who are mean to me?

H.E. Double Hockey Sticks. Who can one trust in this world? unfortunately nobody so many people in this world want me locked up for being a good person check this out honestly you're a pedophile and a disgusting person yet they followed me I won't let you follow me you're fucking evil I am an advocate for assisted suicide. If someone in this world hates it and they

live a life of suffering constantly, then they should be able to escape, especially if no one else is helping them. Not only that, I'm the happiest person in this world, but this world doesn't have anything to offer me that I want. So my treasures are in heaven. I don't want to be in this world anymore. There's nothing that attracts me about

this world. So if assisted suicide was an option, I would take that. I can't wait until I die so that I can be with you, my love. Not just one vaccine, several vaccines. That person went

through all the Enos Shawcutt videos and disliked them.

It's okay. I like dislikes. Infamy is amazing.

Look how fucked up people are in this world, my love.

Out of all of the things someone could ask me, this is what Kitty B chooses to ask me. Fuck you, Kitty B. I don't care if you're a subscriber. you're an evil shit i don't reckon that i am a hobo and that was just cruel and uncalled for i won't block you kitty b but i recommend you unsubscribe from my channel because i don't want fucking idiots as subscribers i now have two people who go around disliking all my videos People in this world reckon that if you are not making money, then you are a waste of space.

You can't create a good society if you reward selfish behavior and punish selfless behavior. I am the richest man in the world, and I work very hard for my daily bread. just because I am NOT a slave to employment like the rest of you does not mean that I do not hold any value if your primary concern is the value in my pocket and it's not the value in my heart then there is something really wrong with you you do not realize this is my magic wand and it means go to hell and it works look at how fucked up this is okay we got a sheep here and we have a ram here who's sitting on a chair about to get his ass rammed and that's it like what the fuck like that's such a stupid they call this art a yeah art sure remember my love living neverland people act like I have never had a job before in my life but I have had lots of jobs throughout my life where I was a slave and eventually I had to figure out how to get out of it and no longer be a slave so if you hate me because I don't have a job then that's your own problem that has nothing to do with me that's like unresolved issues in your own head my employer is God and I am compensated very well for my toils 22 episodes in are you enjoying our TV show Enos? it's gonna keep coming for the rest of my life I am going to continue to wear it despite them refusing to examine the data because the data is there and that proves how my body clock works so even though they refused to help me, that thing gets shown on the camera and people are so stupid because they don't think that there is repercussions for their actions but the thing is is when you live a public life there are definitely repercussions for people's actions which is weird because most people don't live a public life most people who I don't know anyone who lives a public life except me so they don't expect it so they treat everybody the same and they don't expect that I'm documenting everything but my documentation will show the world for what it is. Insane.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-023-Pygmalion-and-Galatea

They don't understand You're asking that on episode 15 There are 14 numbers before the number 15 But the answer to Your question is yes

So beautiful

Everything I need are so beautiful one assignment down three to go you could count till 50 my love we have to beat 75 we are currently on 23 easy we can do that in like three months no hurry Wendell you have the rest of your life how many episodes will this become I'll teach you how to count as high as I can count for the rest of my life my dear look babe our wedding is getting popular sixty six point six percent laughs you Australia for letting me do this and not incarcerating me this time when a man loves a woman and keep his mind on nothing now he trade the world for a good thing he's found don't try to win over the haters you are not a jackass whisperer. If we teach today as we taught yesterday, we rob students of tomorrow. I am doing much better in my studies now that I finished one of my assignments. It's really hard for me to rotate and move around four units I feel very overloaded but with three units it's a lot easier like I think in threes my mind is focused in threes and that's why this is so hard for me because that's in tens and you have to think in tens and I haven't successfully been able to break it up in threes yet. Yes, the tree of life is very complicated and that's why I got it on my

wrist. I got a tattoo of it so I could spend the rest of my life studying it. I'm learning about gamification, which is applying game principles onto non-game related activities, and there's this one case where they join the pain squad, and it's for cancer kids, um, so they write down their pain that they have daily in these little journals but the application kind of pulled them in and got them to join like a police force that was against pain so this gamification of a pain diary gamification can really help our world it really can like if we just gamify life and we can get rid of jobs like if we gamify our jobs then we'll be doing what we want to do because they're fun and and it has so much potential we don't have to live in a society where we all hate what we do and we just we don't have to do it just because we have to we will we can do it because we want to there's so much potential within gamification I dream of the day when people are not embarrassed of their own tears Fitbit gamifies their watches but I don't care about exercise so I'm not really interested in it but every now and then I receive a new badge or whatever it is. I don't even know what it's from, like the helicopter badge I just received recently.

And it was funny because I filmed a helicopter that same day. That was for walking up 500 stories.

I dream of the day when people are not ashamed of their own tears. So when you think about how a 15-year-old problem is solved in 10 days through a game, you have to see how powerful games can be in making a world a better place. The Octalus presents eight core drives for a gamer, meaning empowerment, social influence, unpredictability, avoidance, scarcity, ownership, and accomplishment. The drives on the left are extrinsic, meaning you're doing it for a reason.

The drives on the right are intrinsic, meaning that you're doing them because they are so fun.

At the top are positive drives, and the bottom negative drives. Gamification implementation includes reward systems such as points, badges, levels, leaderboards, and rewards. To be honest, most of those are a bit gimmicky. It would be better to provide a reward that the user can experience multiple times, such as an audiobook chapter.

This game likely has the best reward system that I have ever experienced, because you're a superhero, and the more you advance in the game, the more superpowers you unlock. so you can unlock really cool superpowers that do really cool things like my favorite is jumping really really really high in the air and then gliding and then you just run up the wall of the building and jump off that building and then glide you just keep on gliding everywhere they don't have flying in the game but it's the second best thing to flying to be honest it would not be as fun if you could fly because it's really fun running up buildings and then jumping off them and then gliding down and then continuing to do that. Really cool game. I recommend you check it out. I level up with every single production. However, I'm only making one production now

for the rest of my life, Enos Schalkett. So I think I've maxed out my level in this game. Kendall Charles NeSmith. 777. But we no longer play the games of our past. EB gamifies their

membership. So they give you carrots and bonus carrots for certain deals. So these are the things that I bought and when you scroll up you can see that I've collected 3359 carats that means I'm on level 2. Level 2 gave me a plastic card. Level 1 was just a crappy paper card. Yeah and I

got like more than a thousand carats to go for level 3 and then I'll be old by the time I reach level for. Every Christmas, they give me 200 carats, and I really appreciate it. What children am I abusing? Man, what the fuck's wrong with people in this world? Remember to keep comments

respectful and follow our community guidelines. YouTube rewards people like that and punishes people like me. They do not follow their own community guidelines. It is not children in my vicinity that you need to worry about. It is children getting a hold of my content and realizing

how fucked up adults are and then they will stop listening to you. I have pretty thick skin but comments like that really do hurt me. I would never hurt a child. If you want to take my life, then go ahead. All of my details are on the internet, including my physical address if you

look hard enough. Or why not just do it in public? What are you afraid of? Let's schedule a time and place to meet, and I will let you kill me. What are you, chicken? No one can prove me wrong

about any of the things that I say. Oh, but they sure can hate. All that I have done will eventually avalanche. If you kill me, you are just making that process go much quicker for me.

look what happens to philosophers after they die look what happens to my haters after they die yes even cardinals what will happen when your young ones come to love their new teacher me i am not stupid it is called revolution revolution is the forcible overthrow of the government and social order in favor of children Welcome to the future of our great nation, where we work for our kids instead of forcing our kids to work for us. One day, some of the smartest and most compassionate people in the world will see my work, and realize and understand its capabilities, and soon after that, the world is saved.

Every eye will see me, even those who pierced me. It may take a week, it may take a month, it may take a year, it may take thousands of years, but the truth will always sustain itself. I follow him too. Wow, a doctor I actually like.

He has been fighting with the medical board since 1999. A man of my own heart. I spent the last eight years dividing the world. Now it is time to conquer. Don't worry about them, my love. They are idiots and they will get what is coming to them in hell and possibly while still on earth.

After I finish my studies, if I can't find a job voice acting, then maybe I should find a job working at EB Games. That'd be fun. I want to stay in Canberra. I am tired of moving around, but there is no game development studios in Canberra, so I don't think I'll be able to do that.

So I have to figure out what I can do and hopefully I can find a job voice acting in games and hopefully I can do that remotely so hopefully I can just buy a really good microphone and set up my room to record and work from home. That would be ideal. I would like a job like that. That would be very cool.

What would be ideal is for this to be my job and for me to figure out some way to make a living from it.

Remember our friend Michael Levy? He made an album for the game Ivory Heart. I have to pay him $200 I've only paid him 60 of it so far but he's happy with the album being open source so how cool is that I have music that I can use now



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-024-The-Totalitarian-Tiptoe

Let's follow our plan that we made eight years ago. Two steps forward, one step back. Two steps forward, one step back. Two steps forward, yay!

Finished one out of four assignments. My game is done and I wrote about it. so now I have three more one of them is on gamification which is really fun another one I'm trying to make that also on gamification but I'm not sure if I'll be able to do that and my third one is the annoying environmental scan report which I don't even have a clue where to start with that but I did get an extension on that so it should be okay I should be all right I'm doing well with my studies. Wendell, a normal job won't work for you very well because you need to be able to take out the camera and record whenever you want and normal jobs don't allow for that. No stress though Wendell, you don't even need the

qualification spend your time wisely though and learn all you can about gamification because that is what can help you in real life catcher in the rye Wendell you only need a pass on your assignments so don't aim too high the most important people on this planet are those who spiritually nourish you those who save a life are less than those who save a soul and I would have stayed up with you all night had I known how to save a soul I was very lucky in this life to be alone because I was alone with my thoughts and that encouraged me to pick up the camera and talk to myself so I could sort out all of these huge issues that are going through my head. Being entirely alone in this life taught me to be selfless. It showed me we can become what we want to become if it It wasn't for external negative influences. Talking to myself throughout my life and refusing to associate with unscrupulous characters, which is almost everybody, enabled me to form myself into whoever I wanted to be.

Once I was alone and not associating with people, it was impossible for me to be selfish. How can you be selfish if you are the only other person in the room? You can't be. So I became selfless with myself and that then extended out to the entire internet enabled world.

I often get people saying that I cannot be a real person, that there is no way that I'm a real person, that I'm a fictional character.

Tabula rasa is also known as a clean or blank slate. At birth, children are considered as a blank slate and are shaped by their environment. Let us then suppose the mind to be, as we say, white paper, void of all characters, without any ideas. How comes it to be furnished?

Whence comes it by that vast store, which the busy and boundless fancy of man has painted on it with an almost endless variety? Whence has it all the materials of reason and knowledge? To this I answer in one word, from experience. You have been taught these holy scriptures from childhood, and they have given you the wisdom to receive the salvation that comes by trusting in me.

Doing this over my entire life really got me to question societal norms, such as pedophilia. I wanted to show this scene. I thought it was funny. I didn't realize it. There's heaps of 666's in it.

See? No results for a philanthropist. This thing is rubbish. We crossed over. We do that sometimes.

My tabula rasa, my blank slate, I chose at a very young age the path of wisdom. This led me to philosophy, which I quickly do my character. So I have learned the most important parts of it have stuck out and then attached themselves to my soul and in a way all of these philosophers who are dear to me are going to be in heaven with me as my friends. So I look forward to creating a utopian society with you guys. We have a whole new world and God will allow us to create and maintain a utopian society.

so we're the best of the best, so let's do it right, and the way we do that is by spending our time here on earth becoming a better person, working on your heart, working on your heart, it's the best way to live life, And if you live life like that, then you live with no regrets. And to be honest, if you live life like that, then you are a perfect person.

So be a perfect person.

Being perfect is not achieving a good grade.

It is being as good as it is possible to be. Even in the minor errors, it is perfect. Maybe even because of the minor errors, it is perfect. I have really found gold with this whole procedure that I do with the camera, where I study wisdom and my projects and communicate with others all at the same time within one production.

And, like, I really crafted a cool platform for myself to be able to have a voice, not only in my past and my present, but also my future, because my productions are timeless. They're not made to be constrained within a certain time period, although the events of the time period do influence the production. But it's significant events that everybody should know about, no matter what time period they live in. A sin is a decision that you make in your heart. A sin is not a mistake that you make unless you don't learn from that mistake and then that would be a sin.

I welcome all your hate because it is that hate that I can use to demonstrate to Ivory what we have to avoid in the new world. Besides all the haters, these swine that are unable to see the pearls before them, I live a really cool life. I get to document my adventures and I get to learn the philosophy behind those adventures. It's really fun. I love what I created for myself here. I can just talk about whatever I want, but I generally come out with very well articulated constructs of information.

Hope you are enjoying this my dear. This is all for you 24 episodes in. A community is a group sharing or having certain attitudes and interests in common. All of you won't be true fans, some of you will be haters, but the true fans out there, I love you, my friend.

I am going to stop posting to the Palestine groups and leave them, they are not interested. It does get me likes every now and then, however, it's not worth it because it probably lands me trolls on YouTube. I think I should just grow naturally from where I am now. It seems pretty good, even if I only get 10 or 20 views per video.

Wow, I'm reaching lots of people. That's really good. Just to note, I am getting way more than 10 or 20 views per video. Goodbye.

I love you Palestine, and I will not forget the cause. Just leaving the group, not leaving the cause. Never leave the cause until Palestine is free. Well, for some reason this one won't let me post anymore.

Oh well, goodbye.

I'm just gonna block this evil person. How do I do that? Yeah, I think I got it. Leave me alone, fucker.

look at the picture of this idiot who would do that who would put that as their photo most of my subscribers are haters who regularly dislike my videos that's okay

why would you subscribe to someone just so you can regularly dislike their videos People are so weird in this world. I did ask Kitty nicely to unsubscribe, but she ignored me, so gone. The only people watching it are subscribers. They have gone through and disliked heaps of my videos.

I was very much hoping to be able to call my subscribers friends, but it does not look like my subscribers are enabling me to do that. On Nakba Day, Palestinians vow to foil annexation Trump plan. Nakba Day is generally commemorated on 15 May, the day after the Gregorian calendar date for Israeli Independence Day. For the Palestinians, it is an annual day of commemoration of the displacement that preceded and followed the Israeli Declaration of Independence in 1948.

48. It's funny how much hate I get from society when what I'm doing is really amazing. And I'm just following a path, and that path is freedom. And in order to get to freedom, we have to break our bonds from enslavement and in order to do that we have to see why we're enslaved and in order to do that we have to figure out how we came to be enslaved and in order to do that we have to track back even further to learn a better method that would work for everybody instead of enslavement so you have to figure out than how to solve the problems of the past um and the present uh in order to come to solutions that can work for everybody because you know there's no way that you're going to be able to create a peaceful society by just killing everybody um there has to come to a point where you have to value peace over violence and in order to do that you have to figure out how everybody can win from an agreement and in order to learn how everybody can win you have to learn what everybody wants even the evil people because there's always going to be evil people in this world and you have to figure out how to like make them content make them happy even be happy you know interacting with you for the betterment of the entire world for for peace in the world for peace on earth like what I'm giving is so good like if people just understood what I'm saying that it would just click you know and the way you do it is through a camera because you have to figure out all these things and you can either you know do this right to yourself you can you know write notes to yourself like or or write video to yourself all the time and keep it private and it would still accomplish the same thing but doing it public is so so much better because you're giving it to everybody and not only that you can identify all the problems that would arise from trying to implement this peace plan the real peace plan not Trump's peace plan a peace plan for the world that can work for everybody and where we can all pretty much get what we want and figure out how to all live happy lives without being in war and the way to do this is through a one world government that's going to happen it's too far we're too close you you didn't fight when you had the opportunity to fight so it's going happen and the only question about about it happening is how it happens so that's the only wiggle room that we have now is how is this going to be implemented so that's the say that we have now so we have to figure out how we're going to implement the one world order because we didn't take action to stop it from happening um when we had the opportunity so we missed that opportunity so now we have to work with what we're what situation we're in um so we have to figure out how to um combine um without creating all the negative problems that people are scared of Below. So. Above. Below. So. Above. As. Without. So. Within.

How funny is this? Oh, God works in mysterious ways. Oh no! Okay class, let's turn to Mark chapter 3.

What's going on? What's going on? What's that video? What the crap's going on? Oh no, oh no, what have I just seen? Same here, eh?

Won't let you assemble for religious reasons, but they'll let you go out now. Totalitarian Tiptoe is the world domination method of slow encroachment on civil liberties and freedoms used by a small few that want to control the world.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-025-Herd-Mentality

My videos are not for yesterday or today, but tomorrow. I would really hate to be a content producer that works on the day-to-day news because the day after their video is released, it is rendered useless. Do not get caught in their idle talk. Nothing that they have to say is worth anything.

I am not asking anything of anyone. In fact, I am just giving away free gold.

Why are people mean to me? What did Jesus do wrong?

Why did he deserve to be executed?

What did I do wrong? Why do I deserve to be executed? in a world full of idiots. Collective psychology is the mental and emotional states and processes characteristic of individuals when aggregated in such groups as audiences, crowds, mobs, and social movements. If I did not do drugs, then I would not live paycheck to paycheck.

Maybe I should consider quitting. It does not matter, Wendell. You just have to figure out how to get through this life, and if you need drugs to do that, and you have to live paycheck to paycheck in order to do it, then that's okay. But your finances would be a lot less stressful if you stop taking drugs.

$54 a pop and it lasts between 3 to 12 hours usually. If I don't smoke it very fast then I can get 24 hours out of it but $54 for 24 hours is very expensive. Beer is much cheaper. It's It's okay if you become an alcoholic, Wendell.

I know you want this and not this, but society's not allowing you to do that. I am a huge fan of synthetic cannabinoids. I wonder what our bodies are going to be like in heaven, God. I wonder if we'll be able to use drugs, if they'll affect us in the same or a similar way.

For we know that if the earthly tent we live in is destroyed, we have a building from God, an eternal house in heaven, not built by human hands. Herd mentality, mob mentality, and pack mentality describes how people can be influenced by their peers to adopt certain behaviors on a largely emotional rather than rational basis. When the herd is all running towards a cliff The one running in the opposite direction Seems crazy Okay, so I was able to make my second assignment On gamification as well So this will be fun And I'm trying to make the environmental scan report The one that I have no idea what the fuck to do with it I'm trying to make that about gamification too because I could suggest gamification theories to be implemented into the digital learning environment.

So hopefully I can do all three on gamification, and if I'm able to do that, this whole entire semester has all been about games, which is really cool. Today I'm going to work on my digital multimodal essay on gamification. How fun. I found my soulmate and she is not on this earth anymore.

So that empowers me because I no longer care about living or dying. So the social axioms about, you know, you have to live a healthy life or whatever, are null and void for me because I can't wait until I see her. I have so many enemies. Where are my allies?

Somebody gives an illegal order to do that. Remember, as law enforcement, especially as military, you follow an illegal order, you have committed a war crime. I now have more dislikes than I do likes. Awesome.

It is breadcrumbs demonstrating why these people should go to hell. And then I present my findings to God, and God makes the final decision. the right and left paradigm is bullshit I have known people from both the left and the right who were really good people by really good people I mean that they weren't bad in this life but I struggled to find the really good people who spend their entire lives trying to free the entire world. I don't know where we can post our content, my love.

Everywhere has blocked us.

Schizophrenia is a disorder that affects a person's ability to think, feel, and behave clearly. Schizophrenia is characterized by thoughts or experiences that seem out of touch with reality, disorganized speech or behavior, and decreased participation in daily activities.

Difficulty with concentration and memory may also be present. Treatment is usually lifelong, and often involves a combination of medications, psychotherapy, and coordinated specialty care services. This is what they say I have. I have spent my entire life rejecting your evil labels.

Let's change it up a bit. I will accept your evil labels. I am schizophrenic. You are still evil.

My post has been removed because it does not contain a submission statement. I do not know how to advertise. Everywhere I try to advertise, I get censored. where should I go got more dislikes than likes awesome proving how stupid you guys are just because you are cruel to the content does not change the content I'm not going anywhere even if you kill me if you kill me it's better because I win like bang let's go ahead kill me do that Race to zero subscribers.

He basically said I don't give a crap what you believe or what you think. This is the truth and if you can't handle the truth then get the hell off my list. If only I could get to zero subscribers. But my subscribers want to hate on me so much that they will not leave me.

I am a product of my society. If you have a complaint about me, then I recommend that you lodge them with the society in which you are involved in. If you have reached me, that is also my society. Don't you notice with my scenes that I don't have any coming on parts or leaving parts?

There's a reason for that. Hey, I have just started watching a film, and they have this coming on bit where they show these scenes where they do things, and to be honest, they don't make a lot of sense. And your brain turns off while these scenes are performing themselves. So you're not being benefited by these scenes. These scenes are making you stupid because you watch them and you let your brain turn off while they commence until they finish and then your brain turns on again to hear the story.

It's so weird that you're watching this information that has no information in it whatsoever.

Do you think that in your tragedy, I will be there beside you to help you with it? My kingdom is not of this world. If my kingdom were of this world, my servants would have been fighting that I might not be delivered over to the Jews. But my kingdom is not from the world.

I managed to turn the third unit into gamification as well. So let's have fun and learn a lot over the next, you know, 15 days or so.

I have no idea how we are going to advertise our content, my love. Because no matter where we go, we get blocked. A gimmick is a trick or device intended to attract attention. Here is a beautiful gamer.

Although I am no longer looking for a relationship, I really do want to collaborate with beautiful people. I really love beautiful girls. I hope all of my afterlife is immersed in beautiful girls. I only need you, my love.

And from there, I can experience many beautiful girls.

But don't worry. You are my only one. It would be good if I could listen and watch a girl who is beautiful pouring her heart out over any issue that she deems worthy. I wanted a girl who was like me. My reflection. And in order to obtain that, I had to venture outside of this world into the world of the dead.

And now that I have found my soulmate, I don't care what anyone thinks, and, you know, seriously, fuck you. Like, I'm doing this whether you like it or not.

David, I, it would be cool if you were a very beautiful girl, and then I could spend my life watching you telling me the news.

frederick nietzsche how cool would it be if you were a beautiful girl we need girls and philosophy we really really really really need girls in philosophy why did I do this I know exactly what I did and it limits me in this world completely it bounds me in this world completely it means that none of your children are at risk because I found this girl so please put your fears aside when considering what I'm doing because I'm not hurting any child but what if I I was a possibility for your child. Why would you reject me as a possibility for a romantic partner for your child? Seems evil to me. It matters not.

I have my one. Enos Schockett There is a huge reason why I rejected romantic relationships of this world.

How cool would it be if we created a community? If we are all of like mind, then we can do this together too. Why don't we do this? How can I find like minds when there is no like minds to be found?

You idiots. I get to spend the rest of eternity with a five-year-old girl who is not five here. Even though I appreciate your sentiments, you are fucking stupid. And God has made for you mates and companions of your own nature.

Where are they?

Then why do you watch my videos? I can't see it. It's one of those ones where it's not there anymore.

Most people commenting on my videos have that same problem where I can't go into their comment. It's likely that YouTube blocked their comment because they were being really cruel, so that's a very big possibility, but I've also had a lot of situations where I had the same problem, where I couldn't go into the comment, even though it was a perfectly fine comment. I don't know what's wrong with YouTube. It's weird, it's always been like this.

anyways I never said that the Palestinian groups did not like me I just wasn't getting the feedback that I wanted from those groups which is why I left why do people just make up shit eh I never received a single negative comment from the Palestinian groups I just didn't receive any comments which is why I left I hate this because I want to block this guy, but nothing there. Thank you for the dislikes. They're very much appreciated.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-026-World-of-Justice

I did not end up getting much work done yesterday. I ended up watching the first half of this show again. It is very moving. Don't worry about likes and dislikes. None of them matter.

Remember the purpose of this show, Wendell, and it's for Enos. All of it's for Enos. So don't care about what other people think. not they're not your audience no one's your audience except Enos your audience Wendell is you and Enos that's it it's all something crazy this guy his tire fell off and his tire rolled all the way down there it's crazy it wasn't the bolts the axle actually came off I talked to one of the guys that was helping i offered my assistance but they didn't need any help it was crazy though like the wheel was just rolling for ages and ages and i saw it go through the lights and i was like oh i hope it doesn't hit any cars like and it just missed the cars but it was crazy it probably rolled for about a quarter of a kilometer that's a long time like it was just rolling rolling i was like what what it's still rolling it's still going it's still going that was funny it was i'm just glad no one got hurt and everything was everybody was safe and everything because it could have been a lot worse I've never seen a tire just come off like that like it wasn't on his car it was on the trailer so it's still crazy I've never seen anything like that happen before see Wendell drugs are good you go on an adventure to go get drugs and you experience some weird things life is so good my love I'm very sorry that you did not get to experience much of it it's life baby what will you make it it's okay my love I will show you the best way to live the afterlife. I am so schizophrenic that I have no ability to

communicate clearly. This world is a simulation to prepare us for the next. Satire is the use of humor, irony, exaggeration, or ridicule to expose and criticize people's stupidity or vices, particularly in the context of contemporary politics and other topical issues. Mwahahahaha.

Cal Service was a quasi-military agency, which is why people in CDC still have military ranks, like Surgeon General, etc. How does one escape the room of being shadow banned? They locked me in a cage, and they won't let me out. Will it take my death to be set free, or will I manage to be set free in this lifetime?

Incarceration is the state of being confined in prison.

Let me free.

Designing games is super fun. You're wrong. We start with the most boring stuff, and then the fun is sort of a very, very thin layer of icing on the top there. I think it is sad that there is no one playing this game back at me.

It's like writing an essay when building a game. At first, it isn't fun until you build it, and at the end, when everything comes together, that's when it's really fun.

I have so much fun fucking with you retards. It's my meeting with the ACT Human Rights Commission regarding my complaint about my unlawful incarceration and torture. You can learn all about that in the TV show Rebirthing. We did well, my love. We took on the entire world and won.

Who cares if we are shadow banned? Kurt Cobain, imagine what would happen if I was only as popular as him. The stars in heaven will be of God and not of the world because only God knows how to make a true star. Check out the huge chemtrail, it's the star, it's so much fun my dear.

We'll have fun together playing back and forth from earth to heaven. Let's play ping pong together for the rest of my life. Broadcasting from earth to heaven. I love you sweetheart.

The most romantic relationship ever to exist, between a living guy and a dead girl. My life was solved as soon as I opened myself up to the dead. Window and dead girl sitting in a tree. I never have to worry about you leaving me or cheating on me.

thank you God my first relationship married she dumped me my second relationship engaged she dumped me the third times a charm what do you want to learn about my love send me in that direction and that is where I will go this world does not know how to truly love the only love that the people in this world have to share is conditional even though we ain't got money I'm so in love with you honey everything will bring a chain of love I don't even want fame I just want what I am presenting here to be publicly known those who would give up essential liberty to purchase a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety okay so Lego Yoda I blocked him right and And look, he got another account.

Yep, see his butt. These yodas are not very wise. The Libra Group has a large program focused on a conceptually novel approach for integrating electronics within the brain and other areas of the nervous system, which involves the development of neural network-like mesh electronics and a non-invasive delivery method into targeted distinct brain regions via syringe injection. We are actively exploiting this new paradigm for tackling fundamental questions in cognitive and behavioral neuroscience and as a powerful new approach for treatment of neurological and neurodegenerative diseases, traumatic brain and spinal cord injury, and, ultimately, enhancing human performance via brain-machine interface.

Sponsored by... I know that I sometimes complain about all of the negative feedback that I receive because I rarely receive positive feedback. Almost all of it is negative. but it's really fun being a supervillain in this world ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha best life ever it would have sucked so bad being like everybody else thank you God for making me unique visible only using a special camera smartphone app and filter reprogram genes what does that entail if God wants us to get famous then it will happen if not that's okay too if God does not have a place for us in this world don't worry there is a place for us in the next what a fuckhead can't you see how evil he is just look at his eyes many are sounding the alarm that Chinese scientists are playing God by cloning apes and editing the genes of babies many have dubbed the experiments as monstrous while others argue that cutting-edge research could lead to cures for Parkinson's and Alzheimer's how terrible is social distancing for children they took away my YouTube channel again. Why do they always do that? Like energies unite. Netanyahu and his team

are creating a chip that they can put on children that will recognize when someone is too close to them and then it'll say like back off or something like that. How terrible is that? We're training our children to grow up social distancing themselves from everybody else and not only that this practice is getting people used to wearing devices that can track them and when you introduce this to children that's all they know so when they grow up it will be a lot easier for them to say okay sure I'll wear this or I'll insert this into my body once you get people used to it eventually they'll just say well this device really would be a lot better if it were in me instead of on me so that's a good thing but in theory all of this is a great idea because being Being able to monitor your vitals around the clock and being able to monitor your location means that you won't get in trouble for shit that you did not do, which is a big problem in this world because people constantly get in trouble for stuff that they did not do and the cops are constantly harassing me about stuff that I did not do. So by having this chip in me would mean that they would not be able to do that because hey you got a problem with me just check the time like look I was not there and my vitals proves that I would not have been able to do what you said I did at that time.

You can look at the Fitbit data I'll show you. We're accusing you of doing shit that you didn't do. Well, let's look at my heart rate at the time that you're accusing me. See, that was the time I got pissed off and took it off.

But you can see, so let's say you're accusing me on the 8th of May. Let's say you're accusing me before noon. Let's say you're accusing me like around here. okay so i had a blood pressure of 96 beats per minute um at 1125 when you're accusing me of doing shit that i didn't do and in order for me to have done the shit that you said that i did my heart rate would have to be much higher um so like maybe what did you do we at 130 were accusing you of this shit and look your heart rate was pretty high then so that gives us data and then you accumulate this information with the gps data as well and no one can accuse you of doing shit like a world of justice can be created if we chip everybody scary It causes all, both small and great, both rich and poor, both free and slave, to be marked on the right hand or the forehead, so that no one can buy or sell unless he has the mark.

That is, the name of the beast, or the number of its name. This calls for wisdom. Let the one who has understanding calculate the number of the beast, for it is the number of a man, and his number is six, six, six. I love you, Enos.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-027-Schizophrenic-Wendell

think that one episode every few days is great especially since I'm studying and I am not merely making content for contents sake so I'm not just gonna release crap to you just so I can get a video out every day I'm going to put a lot of thought into every episode so if it takes me a little bit more time that's what happens but the thing is it doesn't matter it's not like I have a very large viewer base anyway so when I am found all of these episodes will collect and collect and collect and you'll have way more to watch than humanly possible unless you spend the rest of your life doing that which I really recommend you do that I'm only going to pick up the camera when I am inspired and if that makes a video in a day then so be it if it makes a video in three days then so be it and if it takes a week per video then so be it onward Christian soldiers marching on to war with the cross of Jesus going on before I am going to flip the situation now throughout all of my work I have been warning you about this mark of the beast but now it's too late so we have to live with the results in which we manifested. If we were all microchipped crime would be so rare if you get robbed then you just say hey I got robbed at this time and they just look at your microchip and then look at the people around you, their microchip, and they can easily find out who robbed you and then punish them for their actions. So a microchip really has the possibilities to bring justice into this world that doesn't have justice. You could store all of a person's most relevant information on a microchip such as their medical history.

Crime will become a thing of the past because if you do commit a crime you will be found out. Let's just consider it. What type of utopian society would this create crime becoming a thing of the past not because people no longer want to commit crime but because they will definitely get caught for it so instead of saying I'm not going to commit a crime because I have a good heart and my character won't allow for it now it's can't do it because we'll get caught we We abused our freedom and ran the world into the ground. Those who we could take advantage of, we did.

So how can you protect the innocent when the guilty are the majority? You do that by microchipping everybody and tracking everybody. Schizophrenia is a serious mental disorder in which people interpret reality abnormally. Schizophrenia may result in some combination of hallucinations, delusions, and extremely disorders, thinking, and behavior that impairs daily functioning and can be disabling.

People with schizophrenia require lifelong treatment. Schizophrenia involves a range of problems with thinking, cognition, behavior, and emotions. Signs and symptoms may vary, but usually involve delusions, hallucinations, or disorganized speech, and reflect an impaired ability to function. I know the blasphemy of them who say they are Jews and are not, but are the synagogue of Satan. So we have like four cops over there, four or five cops down there. There are like

20 or maybe more of them that came and I didn't want to film that because they were looking everywhere and I don't want them coming around here. They did catch their perp. Reminds me Reminds me of the good old days. It's all in draft stages, but I have 1800 words for this assignment.

And it's not due until the first. But I haven't started on the next one, which is also due the first. So I have two due the first. This area is so crazy with cops.

And that's why I get cops that constantly harass me. because there's just so many cops that are around. So when I'm going about, they go, hey, what's your name? I tell them my name.

Yeah, yeah. They write it down. OK. OK.

I'm like, goodbye. Real weird. It's really annoying. That's all they do.

And sometimes I ask them, why did you stop me? and then they're like, give me some stupid reason.

Yeah, and that's how it goes. To be honest, it's usually only after lights out

that they stop me. That's why I say that we live in a very oppressive country because I can't travel freely at night without worrying about the cops harassing me. It should be my right to travel at night if I want to. Yeah?

Sorry, I'm on foot. Yeah? So what? I wanna get some fries from McDonald's.

Like, I'm hungry in the middle of the night. McDonald's is the only place open that got some fries or something. So, like, why can't I go to my dance and get a shake? Like, why won't you let me do that without stopping me and harassing me?

That's why I live in a really oppressive world. That's like most of my comments. Delusions are false beliefs that are not based in reality. For example, you think that you're being harmed or harassed. Certain gestures or comments are directed at you.

You have exceptional ability or fame. Another person is in love with you or a major catastrophe is about to occur. Delusions occur in most people with schizophrenia. If the world hates you, know that it has hated me before it hated you. Amen.

Blessed are those who are persecuted for righteousness' sake, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. Blessed are you when others revile you and persecute you, and utter all kinds of evil against you falsely on my account. Rejoice and be glad, for your reward is great in heaven. For so they persecuted the prophets who were before you.

With a completely digital currency, universal, we could not worry about people stealing money from us. That'd be cool. With the implementation of 5G, all the dangerous and radioactive, we can put that technology in all of our devices. That would mean that if any of our devices got stolen, that they would easily be found, so in Cheap's clothing.

So, yeah, go get your vaccines and go get that chip, you know, it'll only be the size of a rice grain, or to be honest, it'll probably be smaller soon. So, yeah, it's no problem. You won't even feel it. It'll be fine. However, I don't recommend that any of my followers do that. I'm not going to do that.

But from now on out, I'm going to start outlining the benefits also of implementing this technology because if we were just driven by God, you know, we could use this technology for good. But the people behind it have devious intentions, so, you know, what can, this technology needs to be open source so we can see what's in it. But that doesn't happen. Everything is copyrighted. Everything is patented.

hmm doing too well 1685 words so far and it's an 1800 word essay plus or minus 10% so that means I'm already within the word limit and it's pretty good so I'm happy with it and I'm just gonna work on it today and tomorrow I I'll probably go over the 1800, I'd do that sort of thing, but if I just spend the rest of tonight and tomorrow working on it, then I can tick that off and then two assignments left. I have to reference APA Brother American Psychological Association. I work so fast when I am inspired. They call that flow.

Flow is an optimal psychological state that people experience when engaged in an activity that is both appropriately challenging to one's skill level, often resulting in immersion and concentrated focus on a task. This can result in deep learning and high levels of personal and work satisfaction. Some people call it being in the zone. I love that feeling and get that feeling when I do these productions.

Schizophrenia is a severe lifelong impairment. That means that the government is required to take care of me for my life. That means that I can just keep making videos and get paid to do it. Sure, I do not make a lot of money, but I get by.

I almost already live the perfect life. I just have to one, get out of the ghetto where I live, and two, finish these studies. And that's it. My life's perfect.

Yay! If we get rid of cash in favor of a digital currency, whose inscription is on it? Even though we ain't got money, I'm so in love with you honey, every day will be a chain of love. And even though I can't afford alcohol or drugs every night, I can afford them regularly along with a good meal.

Yum. It's Indian spinach. After I finish my studies, it's this guy.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-028-Eye-of-the-Tiger

What do I need in this life?

Internet, games, camera, really good computer, TV connected to really good computer, heat. I really need heat.

I've set up a really cool life for myself. I only have one bill that I have to worry about, and that is my phone, which is also my internet. everything else gets taken care of before I get the payment so I pay a certain amount towards power every paycheck and then when my power bill comes in so far I've never had to pay anything I'm always ahead so it's really cool only having to pay my phone like my rent also comes out before I get paid so it would be really cool if I could set up my phone to also do that so pretty much all of the money that I get is expendable once you get the basics in in life, including a place to live, it is pretty easy to maintain yourself. Maintenance items like q-tips and laundry liquid and sponges and things like that are very cheap to purchase. Not so much shampoo and conditioner. I mean, it's cheap, but not really cheap.

I haven't found a brand that's just super cheap to purchase, but most of the maintenance items are very cheap. And to be honest, I don't need beer or drugs in order to live. Those are a benefit to me, like a reward for me and they're not necessary to live life. This means that I don't care when my bank account gets close to zero.

It took me a while to collect everything like chairs, tables, television, heater, bed, etc. But once you got everything you need, then life is pretty cheap to live. It was a really good feeling getting this bed because it was the last thing that I needed. And I never need to worry about getting another bed because I'm never going to sleep with anybody else and a single bed is fine.

Things in this world don't last forever, so things will break and you will have to replace things, but if you have everything that you need, then what you need to replace is usually only like one or two things at a time. So it's more manageable. So it's not like, oh, I gotta get all this stuff. Once you get all that stuff, then it's just like, oh, I've got to replace this because this is wearing out, and oh, I've got to replace this because this is wearing out.

It's never stressful, like you never have to replace everything at the same time, so it's very affordable. Every person in this world should have a home, and if they are alone in this life, then they should be able to live in solitude in that home. Drug use equals my right. Abstinence equals your right. Prohibition equals no rights.

although temazepam does not solve my sleep problems it helps about half the time maybe a little bit less than half the time so I generally take three and I'm always supposed to take one per night so like every third night I'll take three or actually what usually happens is that I take more at the beginning of the month and after you know half the month or a little bit after half the month is finished I'm out which sucks but then I wait it out and then get another prescription of Tamazepam and then that works for you know the first half of the month and the same thing happens and just repeats and repeats. Finally accepting my condition enabling me to be whatever I want in this life. Hallucinations usually involves seeing or hearing things that don't exist. Yet the person with schizophrenia, they have the full force and impact of a normal experience.

Hallucinations can be in any of these senses, but hearing voices is the most common hallucination I am so schizophrenic which enables me to do this for the rest of my life the only significant debt that I have is with education and I don't have to pay that back until I earn like 45 to 49,000 it's around there per year and I'm never gonna make that because I don't want to work I just want to do this for the rest of my life maybe I could make that if I became a voice actor but will I be able to do that society has not made any employment options easy for me disorganized thinking speech disorganized thinking is inferred from disorganized speech effective communication can be impaired and answers to questions may be partially or completely unrelated rarely speech may include putting together meaningless words that can't be understood sometimes known as word salad Schizophrenia really sounds like me, doesn't it? Every psychiatrist that has had me as a patient has diagnosed me with schizophrenia. I tried my hardest to combat them, replying with, hey, maybe it's Schizotypal Personality Disorder and not Schizophrenia. And some said, yes, that could be a possibility, but they stick to their guns with Schizophrenia.

I am schizophrenic that means that I'm really only interested in schizophrenic friends because if you can't understand reality like I do then I don't want you as my friend that makes you a normal person if you understand reality different than the norm then you can be a friend of mine which means you are schizophrenic just like me. Extremely disorganized or abnormal motor behavior this may show in a number of ways from childlike silliness to unpredictable agitation. Behavior isn't focused on a goal, so it's hard to do tasks. Behavior can include resistance to instructions, inappropriate or bizarre posture, a complete lack of response, or useless and excessive movement. It's what the

government says that I am, which gives me permission to be exactly that. If the government had not intervened, I would have starved. What I am presenting to you, Although, in satire, it's both the positive and negative effects of government. After I die, will my Wikipedia say that I am schizophrenic?

That is the question. And I don't know the answer. I don't know. It probably will.

I had to figure out how I could do this for the rest of my life. A trick is a cunning act or scheme intended to deceive or outwit everyone. Negative symptoms refer to the reduced or lack of ability to function normally. For example, the person may neglect personal hygiene or appear to lack emotion, doesn't make eye contact, doesn't change facial expressions, or speaks in monotone.

Also, the person may lose interest in everyday activities, socially withdraw, or lack the ability to experience pleasure. Symptoms can vary in type and severity over time, with periods of worsening and remission of symptoms. Some symptoms may always be present. That's when they diagnosed me.

If I am to admit that I am schizophrenic, then I am to admit that I have been schizophrenic all of my life, including childhood. Remember that all of my medical details that they would release to me has been released in my book Psychiatry 101 and the medical details that they are currently creating from my complaint with the ACT Human Rights Commission with them will be released in another book called Psychiatry 101. Psychiatry 102. So I'm collecting all the information that I can and I'll release it all to you.

I present to you all medical and personal details and you can make your own mind up as to whether or not you think that I am schizophrenic. Although I hate the industrial Revolution because it made all men slaves. I am very impressed with what they can produce because of it. An assembly line is a series of workers and machines in a factory by which a succession of identical items is progressively assembled. It would really suck to work their

monotony the same thing over and over and over and over again but what they are able to produce is amazing. I am pretty poor and I can afford to get whatever I want. that's awesome really cool besides being able to purchase land to put my belongings and create a life for myself I am missing nothing so what if I am renting the government will pay my rent for the rest of my life in fact the The government deems me crazy, which means that they will not only pay my rent for the rest of my life, but all of my expenses. I really do deserve it, because I really have no ability to do anything other than what I am doing now.

If it was not for the government, I would just do what I'm doing now and starve and be homeless. So even though you took over a year of my life, government, thank you. I love you. I see a world where the government helps us with our day-to-day lives.

I see a world where the government helps us learn what we want to do in life and then provides us with the training and education in order to do it. Why does the government refuse to talk about my delusions and how they are incompatible with reality. The reason why all of this works so well is because from the beginning I rejected their labels so I never agreed with them that I'm schizophrenic and they kind of forced this pension on me. They really did because I didn't want it and they said not you're going to have it.

So they forced this entire situation on me. Am I schizophrenic? Only time will tell. I record my life so if I am schizophrenic that will be displayed throughout my videos.

I know exactly what I'm doing. You can't ostracize me just because I did exactly what the government told me to do. And I didn't have a choice in the situation either. A dull bludger is a person who chooses to receive unemployment benefit rather than work.

But the doll sucked so bad, man. It was really hard to live on the doll, but a disability pension one can live on. Let me remind you that this utopia was forced upon me. I did not have a choice.

I wanted to find a job in the game industry and work that job, but I couldn't do that. And then they were like, well, just whatever with this person, like, they're crazy.

You know, government, you're never going to live this down because I documented everything as it happened. And the thing is, is that doctors out there, real doctors, can then assess whether or not I have a mental disorder.

Life is so good. You always have a responsibility of providing for your family, of paving a way for you and your loved ones. I, on the other hand, have no responsibility. I just do whatever the fuck I want and I get a regular payment by doing whatever the fuck I want.

And it took society labeling me as crazy in order to be able to do whatever the fuck I want. And the thing is this isn't any type of deception because society is the one that said you're like this. We need to put you under these orders and we need you observed. and we so it's not all a walking apart because society is on my ass all the time about me being saying you know they have to try to make me saying all the time but I don't have any responsibilities it's so good and I get paid a crappy wage that still enables me to do drugs and occasionally drink and I'm just I'm in a really good position like thank you Australian government for saying that I'm crazy when I'm really not and the thing is I can tell you this all the time that I'm really not like I know what I am I watch my videos and I just think it's hilarious how a government can say no no despite all of the evidence you're not what that evidence says you're something else and we're going to put you on a disability pension and we're going to oppress you force medications on you blah blah because of that and yes I have to take daily medications and stuff like that because of this but hey I don't have to work I can do whatever the fuck I want and that's more than I can say for most people in this world and I don't really go without often like sure I have to go days without drugs or alcohol and and those sorts of things because I'm not paid a lot but I'm given enough to survive and that's all that matters and if I can get enough to survive and spend the rest of my life giving my heart to you then yay



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-029-Upside-Down

Rising up, back on the streets, did my time, took my chances, so many times it happens too fast, you change your passion for glory, don't lose a grip on the dreams of the past, you must fight to keep them alive. They stack the odds till we take to the street for the kill with the skill to survive.

And the last known survivor stalks his prey in the night. Bill Gates wants to inject every human on the earth with a quantum dot microneedle chip. The secret to making the vaccine delivery system work will be the Luciferous chemical, which would make the chip readable with a cell phone app. There is a lot of cool games coming out on Switch soon.

Okay, so we have Bioshock, which I've pre-ordered. We have Borderlands and Xenoblade Chronicles, which I will get those eventually. But I'm too poor to be able to get them when they release. But Outer Worlds is coming out at the beginning of next month too, so I can't play them at the moment because I'm too busy with studies, but after I finish my studies I'm going to have lots of games to play, it'll be really cool.

I will finish this assignment today, and then I'll reflect on it. And then I'll be done and I'll only have two assignments left. Good job Wendell. I get paid extra because I study.

So after I finish these studies I won't be getting paid extra so my income will go down. Oh well. I really respect bus drivers. They spend their time getting me around and that means a lot to me.

I do have a driver's license, but I don't have a car and I don't really want one either. The public transport's really good. I'm really glad to be in a city that has good public transport. It would be so boring to be a bus driver, but I really appreciate them.

enduring through that monotony in order to get me around. There is no way that Transport Canberra makes money because besides the peak times, the buses are empty. A big reason why I am not living in the U.S. is because their public transport system sucks.

I found out last night that the Islam fast during Ramadan includes not being able to drink water during the daylight hours, so you can't have any water during the daylight. That's so weird. I wouldn't be able to do that. I need my liquid.

It's a fast from everything, including sex and masturbation, but it's okay. You can just wait until the night to masturbate. I also find buildings and construction fascinating, especially buildings that are made to withstand very harsh conditions. Buildings are the way that we protect ourselves from environmental conditions that are not suitable for humans.

I see a big building go up in months, or maybe even less, and I'm like, there we go, I hit it. I still have one more reference to add to. Eleven references. Russia, UN, and Vatican Condemn unilateral Israeli annexation plan.

EU plans possible reprisal for Israel over annexation plans, while US insists the illegal act is Israel's decision. Reprisal is an act of retaliation. Well, it looks like we have to do it, because they won't let go.

God gave Israel countless warnings.

Do not feel sorry for them.

What? You don't approve of God's final solution? You're a fucking fake Jew. Behold, I will make them of the synagogue of Satan, which say they are Jews and are not, but do lie.

Behold, I will make them come and worship before thy feet, and to know that I have loved thee.

Look, we have an ally. Were all those protests for nothing? The world is really crazy right now. A lot of active volcanoes, many earthquakes, huge floods and storms and hurricanes and tornadoes and lots of plagues, insects destroying crops and taking over areas and like right now there's just a lot going on more than I've ever seen in my lifetime and as far as history goes I don't know how much of it is accurate.

However, we're in a really prophetic moment right now, and if this moment can't wake people up, come on, wake up, wake up, wake up. If this moment in time doesn't have the ability to do that, then can anything? And if God puts a challenge before us and says, I'm just going to screw up everything in this world, this world is going to go crazy now, and we still don't have the ability to wake up and see what's going on in it. Then, final solution, um, as below. So, above, like, we're being tested right now, and if we fail this test, then why would God have any reason to keep humans around anymore?

Like, can't you see that, like, our history's been a really big build-up to the moment that we're in now? And we have to make a lot of ethical choices right now as to how we are going to proceed with technology and genetics? because we're learning technology in genetics and being able to integrate technology into genetics like that's huge that's playing God and we're we're doing it we're actively doing it and people don't seem to care like when the first sheep I think was Dolly or something like that was cloned it was a huge thing and and then after that they just stopped talking about it and they just did the experiments without making them public and now um they're public and people I'm sure there's still a lot that aren't public but a lot of them are public and people are just allowing that to happen and I mean if we're going to venture into these areas of science of the way cells actually work and being able to modify those cells then we're at the tip you know we're playing God already so now God's putting all of these plagues on earth for us to to wake up to wake up and if we don't wake up from it to be honest I'm afraid that that's it because if we fail the easiest test there is to to pass then we've completely failed and and there is absolutely no reason to keep us around and don't forget the locusts mouse rights mouse rights mouse rights mouse human rights mouse human rights mouse human rights they need mouse human rights that's okay because currently the world's anchors are only artificial intelligence anyway that just read through a teleprompter so what's the difference we're all in this together we're all in this being tracked together I went to bed a little early last night and didn't get my whole reflection done. So today's agenda is to finish my reflection and then start on my next assignment.

I have eight days to finish this assignment. I don't remember exactly what I needed to do, but it's going to be on gamification, which is good because I can reuse the same sources, And I'm going to have to find more though because my last essay was a digital essay so it was meant to be read on screen and that means that I used a lot of websites and YouTube videos and stuff like that. But this next one is just an essay, I think. So I need more journal articles.

I think I got four or five journal articles so far. But I need like 10 to 12 references. I don't need 10 to 12 journal articles. I probably need at least eight or nine journal articles.

And the rest can be whatever I want.

The impact of particular new technologies. That's going to be gamification. This is going to be easy because it's not the same thing I just did, but I'll be drawing from a lot of the same content. So, yay!

Sources include... so I can use everything. So, most of the references that I used in my last essay, I can use in this essay, but it said read widely, so to be honest, I think I might use all of those, or most of those, and more, so maybe this essay I'm going to have like 15 references or something like that, that would be good. It does that. I need you.

I used to use Chicago, but had to move to APA for these studies. But to be honest, I like APA. I think it's the best, especially 7th edition. 6th edition wasn't as good, but 7th edition is really simple and easy. I like it.

I was thinking about it, and I'm sure there's a game studio out there that would want to hire me. Um, and allow me to work remotely because I live in Canberra, the capital of Australia, and having a presence in the nation's heart is very beneficial. So, having me as an employee work remotely from Canberra would be beneficial for any company that has a brain to think about it.

Social distancing is here to stay for much more than a few weeks. It will append our way of life in some ways forever. I want to turn the whole world upside down so that they could not buy or sell unless they had the mark.

So Bill Gates despite not having any medical training is now the doctor of the world and Bill Gates despite not having any educational background is going to lead the world in the future of education. One month, two months period has brought forth ten years of forward change. They're saying now the internet is no longer optional. It is mandatory.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-030-Divine-Comedy

just because my videos are on YouTube today does not mean that they will be there tomorrow YouTube has a way of finding videos that are popular and then removing them or even deleting the person's account that they're on so I got over 700 videos on YouTube I'm sure that at least one of those videos will give YouTube a reason eventually to ban me David Ike and Alex Jones are no longer on YouTube YouTube got rid of them completely I hope YouTube doesn't get rid of me. I wonder how one works themselves out of being shadow banned. What do I need to do to be let free from my cage? Do I need a certain amount of views per video or what? What's the

secret ingredient to let other people know what I'm doing? I kind of like social distancing, not to prevent the spread of germs and that. I just don't like people too close to me. I do think people are being stupid with it, though.

There has been multiple times where people have been in my way and I've had to try to, like, get around them. And they go, oh, social distancing. It's like, well, fucking look where you are. Get out of people's way.

When they say that, I just think, oh, you're such an idiot. I want to say that like social distancing. Oh, you're such a fucking idiot The truth is social distancing is impossible. Look, okay, so that's the walking path How are you supposed to be able to social distance if you're using a path to walk on?

You can't like what are you supposed to be like? Like, how are you supposed to keep 1.5 meters away from people? And 1.5 meters is what Australia chose, but a lot of other places chose 1.8 meters. Like, there's so many situations where you just cannot avoid getting close to someone.

They even say keep your social distancing on public transport. And sometimes that's impossible. Like, there's so many situations where social distancing is impossible. This world is not built to be able to keep that much distance from people.

Maybe the future world will be built like that and that would be pretty cool. I don't like being close to people. Not possible. There's no 1.5 meters here.

Can't do it. i am very careful with what content i release so maybe hopefully youtube will let me stay on their platform for the rest of my life that would be ideal not just the rest of my life after that too keep me on like these videos can help loads of people like leave this channel open forever

I'm going to stop the development of Ivory Heart in Unity, because I can't program worth a crap, so I get stuck way too often and I don't know what to do, so I need to figure out another way to make my game, and I've kind of reworked my game, uh, and it's going to be you do quests to get audio chapters of books and you collect like all the audio chapters until you get the whole book and there's other books around too to do that with so each chapter it's a quest and you get like the audio version of the chapter so that'd be a cool game and it's ivory heart and it would only accept books on wisdom so anybody that wants to submit their audio book and make a quest line see that's the thing make a quest line see i can't do unity because unity is too complicated i need to find some simple way that is easy to make a quest line for an author um so i gotta rethink i gotta make something more simple or i don't know figure out a different way because this unity way although very beautiful is too difficult for most people. I need to make something that's simple for an author where they can just follow some instructions that I made and that easily makes a quest line for them that would be ideal even if the instructions are like 10 pages you know or whatever it's still something that they can follow um to figure out what they need to do to make a good quest uh for the player you know make a good experience for them in order to make the game that i wanted to make it would really take a pretty big team and a lot of years but I can make something basic and then maybe would be copy in some ways because it'd be open source and then made like a lot better I don't know and that's just the objective I got to figure out maybe I should make like old school you know like Pokemon like bird's eye view type RPG maybe there's something that will allow me to make that easily that would be cool. But without violence? I don't know if I can make one without violence. I gotta rethink everything, eh? It's

a big relief because sometimes I was paying between $50 to $80 per week just developing this game and now I gotta just figure out something different. It looks good, but you can't port it to devices like Switch, so not an option. I need to be able to release it across all devices. It's not good enough, it doesn't look like we can collect items that can have audio files attached to it, and it's not good enough either because I need to be able to publish it on all platforms, and this is just web.

If anyone worships the beast and its image and receives its mark on their forehead or on their hand, they too will drink the wine of God's fury, which has been poured full strength into the cup of his wrath. They will be tormented with burning sulfur in the presence of the holy angels and of the Lamb, and the smoke of their torment will rise forever and ever. There will be no rest day or night for those who worship the beast and its image, or for anyone who receives the mark of its name. It's the ladder to complete this stupid course.

I really hate stress. I think most of the time we shouldn't be living stressful lives. Stress is good in certain situations to help you learn how to overcome them. Only certain situations, not all the time.

working a stressful job is stupid. This essay is 2,000 words and I have to outline the issues in education in the 21st century and I have to do that relating to gamification which will discuss the hurdles that gamification is going through and being implemented in the education canon. I am pretty good at writing essays. I have only been getting a credit or a pass for them this semester, however, they're just stupid, it doesn't matter, and I better be good at writing essays because I've written five books. However, my books are very personal. They don't disconnect from emotion. They are

written in first person. I have to figure out what I'm going to do with all of my free time after I finish my studies. Hmm. I'll be gaming a lot, yes, but I can't just spend my entire life gaming I don't like being bored but oftentimes I do get bored in the day because all of the content releasers that I follow release their content at night so in the morning I get a lot to watch but then in the afternoon I don't have anything to watch, so maybe I need to find some more content producers that are good.

Um, do you know of any? They're hard to find. A comedy is a play characterized by its humorous or satirical tone and its depiction of amusing people or incidences in which the characters ultimately triumph over adversity. I wonder how Ivory Heart the game will turn out.

I can't do it by myself in its current state. Should I continue to use unity? I don't know. questions that will be answered over the remainder of my life.

This is Windows only. I don't really want to move to 2D, but I'm not good enough with the 3D environment and I suck at programming so bad, so I can't do this game alone. So if I used this, it would look like this, but I wouldn't have to do any coding. Maybe I should just take the hit and learn Unity and C sharp really well, but that will take me years and I still can't do it all because I can't do all the graphics.

So I need models and how am I going to get them. Making a game like the one I envision is impossible for one person. More study? I do subscribe to this guy, but I still have problems with the programming aspect of it.

Unity is really big and there's stuff everywhere and it seems really messy to me, but I guess I just have to learn it and then make it neat myself like the current developers that I've been using to help with Unity, like there's files and stuff everywhere. I will try to get into this course, but if I don't, it doesn't matter. Unity really is the answer though, because from Unity, you can export it to any platform. I'm beginning to create a bit of a routine for myself.

I wake up and I check the news and watch all the latest YouTubes and then if I can afford it I go and get drugs or alcohol and when I come back I finish watching all the YouTubes and investigating all the news and then I just focus on my studies until the very late night and then I go to bed and then start the whole process over again the next day. So it actually feels good getting your routine going. Because behavior comes from perception, perception comes from information received. So they want to control the information received, which dictates perception, which dictates behavior.

This is the scam. How weird is this? I search for you, my love, and look at what result I get back. Pretty cool.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-031-Jacobs-Ladder

Let's try to write 1,000 words today, and then tomorrow we can complete the assignment, and then only one left. Yay! I really hope that I can get into this Unity course. I suck at programming so bad that I need someone there to help me with it.

I have never found another content producer who goes on adventures like I do and uses the camera like I do. Like it's so innovative and it is seriously the foundations of education, real education. So I really recommend you getting a camera and trying it out. I am really glad that this directional microphone works pretty well because there can be noise all around me and I can talk to the camera and the camera can still hear me clearly so I'm really glad about that because sometimes it's like I wonder if they heard me because it was really loud but every single time, yep, you did.

I was just walking along minding my own business and someone came up to me and said hey hey buddy hey buddy you want to buy some weed no no thank you but wow like this reminds me of Nimbin so much like in Nimbin right when you get off the bus everybody starts asking you if you want to buy a weed but in this city but it is different now because marijuana is legal not to sell though you're not allowed to sell it but you're allowed to grow it that just recently took place at the beginning of the year I think it is very stupid how they will only let you grow it marijuana needs to be legally sellable and taxable off your tree sells me spice. They are legal drug dealers who are taxed. It's weird too because spice is stronger than marijuana. I don't usually get seven grams because it's expensive and I just smoke it quicker but I'm kind of rewarding myself today because of all of the hard work I've been putting into university. When

I buy 7 grams it means that I cannot have it as often during the week because I can't afford it. Another thing, I have never seen a person carry around a camera and film like I do. Why is that? That's so strange. Do you remember that

kitty B I blocked the one with the gross toe problem in the picture yeah that person has more subscribers than I do and no videos life is so fun and drugs are not necessarily bad as long as you keep a sound mind while under their influence. I am not going to say that all drugs are not bad because there are a lot of bad drugs. My favorite time of the day watching the episode that I just created. I don't usually name them until after I watch them. What do I need my

cage social distancing requires efforts on both parties you can't just stand in the way of someone and yell out social distancing when they get too close to you okay so this is from the government right from the government right okay Look, keep your distance. Stay 1.5 meters apart. So that's the rule. The government is demanding that you stay 1.5 meters apart.

Okay. And it should say, try your best to stay 1.5 meters apart because it's not possible. Like, so we're all breaking the law. We're all criminals. We're all criminals because, because we can't do that.

We can try our best to do that, but ooh, this is like demanding that we do that. So that's really weird because this is from the government. Good job, Canberra. We are doing well. It's pretty regular.

Getting there. Already have 10 references. 13 references so far. Getting there. Draft done.

Now to reward myself and go to Hungry Jack's and get the Rabble Whopper. I'm a rabble. Yeah, we did good. I have heaps of references like 14 so far I think it's good to get out of the house and get some fresh air once per day excluding days that it's not very nice outside I'm in Canberra and it's about to get cold it's about to turn over to winter Ooh, Canberra gets real cold.

My mother said that I live in an imaginary world and that I should write fiction because no real person does what I do. Yum, vegetarian. I really missed not being able to dine in. Thank you, God, for this food.

I am very lucky to live in Canberra. it is very beautiful here there is a big-ass hole in my jacket I got this jacket from Mexico I always hate clothes shopping because it's hard for me to find what I like that's a shame oh well it looks like I'm in the market for a a new jacket. That jacket has been going out for a while now. I actually attempted to repair the underarm bit previously. I guess it worked because it was repaired until now. But yeah,

the pockets are getting holes in them and like everything's falling apart so I need to get another jacket. Mexico. It's always so annoying when having to buy another jacket because you can never get the same style and I want the same style all the time but I can never get the same style but what I end up finding usually is a different style that's still really cool and I end up liking it lots and lots and then uh it breaks and then the same thing happens again um so don't worry about replacing it with the same style uh instead find an interesting style that you can grow to love over time wendell you collect so many cool styles of looks by doing this because you capture those memories. Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not. Remember

that what you now have was once among the things you only hoped for. Be alone. That is the secret of innovation. Be alone. That is when ideas are born. This is the last essay that I ever have to

write. I am pretty sure that after this semester that I am done with university. As time goes on, I will probably write more books, but those writings aren't disconnected from first person. I can write however I like. I don't have to conform to a style that a university is telling me to conform to.

I love writing. I don't like writing for university. A day will come when you will have the last, as they say, he's last, laughs the best. The way we shove our opinions down their throats, they become suicidal, many of them.

The brightest children are not always the most successful on earth. Do you guys agree? Thank you. I ran for Prime Minister of Australia in 2013, and in 2015, I ran for Presidency of the United States.

They ignored me and covered up that I was writing. You can see that for yourself on video in both Independence Year for Kids and Retribution.

Almost there.

I need 100 words, and I have almost half of that so far. today I have to submit my game and my reflection those who seriously challenge the corrupt system by exposure face the mental illness tag coercive non-stop covert psychophysical energy weapon torture to silence them and shorten their lifespan now we have to be very careful because survival is an issue for artificial intelligence. It needs to exist to be able to do the things it wants to do according to its program. So it lays, like its insect eggs, backups, computer programs all over the world, thousands and thousands of them, so that if we do destroy part of it it's still alive. It's capable of vastly more

than almost anyone knows and the rate of improvement is exponential. All of my My work was created with artificial intelligence in mind. I'm looking forward to the robot revolution. My work is designed to be able to clone me with the right technology.

I still have 200 more words to go on that essay. How cool would this world be if everybody had an AI friend to help them out in life? This would be a digital extension of you that is an AI, the AI extension of you, a tertiary layer of intelligence. If Bill Gates is so rich, how come he cannot afford a decent haircut?

and Epstein sitting in a tree. K-I-S-S-I-N-G. One unit down, three to go. So, I will finish off this essay tonight, and then tomorrow I will start on my environmental scan report, which I'm not really sure what to do. And that's it. After I finish that, woohoo, done. Yay.

It tells us that Gates is deceiving the public into supporting his takeover of the world with a false front of philanthropy. Time to take your medicine, people. This is what I need. Thank you. It's 37 pages.

But if Bill Gates has taught us anything, it's how to deal with a virus. It's time for a hard reset. Somehow, Bill Gates is now the expert on every field of life. If you can't keep viruses out of windows, how can you keep them out of people?

Everything really worked out well this semester. Yes, I was supposed to be doing a master's, but that turned into a graduate certificate. And do you know what? That's actually a good thing that I don't get a master's because Centrelink won't pay for your schooling after a master's.

So it's good just to never get a master's. And I still end up with a graduate certificate in education, so if I ever want to work in education, then I can do that. Yeah, cool stuff. If Bill Gates is so rich, how come he cannot afford a camera so he can talk to the public whenever he wants to?

When you release content like this, then your intentions are clear. And ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall set you free. Even though I only have 27 subscribers, I still get around 40 to 60 views per video, like within 24 hours after I released it. That's really good. Good job, Wendell. Good job, Enos. We did good.

I am the Messiah, and will deceive many.

You will hear of wars and rumors of wars, but see to it that you are not alarmed. Such things must happen, but the end is still to come. Nation will rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom. there will be famines and earthquakes in various places all these are the beginning of the birth pains i got so much hatred from people for doing that video well i will continue to do exactly what god lays on my heart to do this is his channel i work for him i will do what he wants me to do and And if you or someone else doesn't like it, that's too bad.

Awesome, girl. I love you.

Any formal studies from here on out are merely to teach me how to do something. I no longer need qualifications. I've got everything that I need. So if I was to go back into school, it would be because I want to learn the information, not because I'm trying to get the qualification I did my philosophy degree to get the qualification not to learn the information because I was going to learn that information anyway here are my qualifications for those who think that I am a dropkick because I have never been employed before? I've been employed a lot. Just like how you don't know if your life has any

meaning until you die and see what your score is. You know how I got that 10-day extension on my environmental scan report that I'm doing? I don't think I'll need it. I now have like 16 days or so to complete this final assignment. Yay! Your life of stress, Wendell, is behind

you. Ensure that in the future you do not accept any jobs in which stress you. So just Just have fun with the rest of your life. They lose the ability to love.

Sex acts with animals are legal in Canada, so long as there is no penetration involved. Neither shalt thou lie with any beast to defile thyself therewith. Neither shall any woman stand before a beast and lie down thereto. It is confusion.

Lost the ability to love.

My mother.

From Ivory Heart? Yep. Fuck you. Bitch.

I am interested in your work. You just never talk to me about it. Impartiality is the equal treatment of all rivals or disputants, fairness. Fuck you, mother.

I have been and will continue to document your evil. You have been judged by God and are now publicly exposed. You didn't follow the Bible in which you so professed. Now, you will receive your reward for abandoning your real kids in favor of fake ones.

Done.

Booyaka.

15 References.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-032-Word-Salad

Young again now

Scanning helps organizations to create their preferred future Rather than end up as an extra in someone else's future

Jackets are too expensive. I am going to spend like an hour or two Dedicated to sewing this jacket up so I can keep it so I have some work to do on my right pocket and I have that to sew up as well and I'll just use lots of thread to make sure it stays life's real stage life let's try something I don't think I like it but we'll see. Can you tell? It's not a part of her. It was really hard. I couldn't find it.

I don't like that. I don't think so. I don't really like it. The other one's like more emo.

I like being emo. I'm an emo kid. Although I'm disappointed that my doctor won't give me a stronger sleeping medication, I still like him and I really appreciate him because he He has taken the time to get to know me, and even today we kind of worked out that it's okay if I have these weird sleep problems, if I'm okay with it, so, you know, he's really actually helping me, so I do appreciate him. His name is Dr. Michael Levy. He's a good guy. And not only that, the doctor I had before that, Dr. Lewis Koster, even though he wouldn't prescribe me anything stronger, he was a really good guy.

Why is he a really good guy? He's doing good in the world. He writes books or a book or something, and he does motivational talks and stuff. So, like, that's a few good doctors. But these are not psychiatrists. Never a psychiatrist. No.

We don't deal in the works of fiction.

It is so funny that there is 666 on my business card. To fix the world, we must first fix our mind. To fix our minds, we must first fix. Don't forget, it's ALT 666, denoting a version of something that is intended as a challenge to the traditional version.

From Vinny's, 30 bucks, how do I look? It's not long, so whatever, but it's very nice. Never mind, I don't want to deal with that. I can just spend an hour or two trying to repair my current jacket and that should fix it.

I always have this jacket. It is very warm and is actually heated. You just hook it up to a USB power bank and it warms itself. But it looks so stupid.

I want an overcoat. I'll just spend the time to repair mine. The Bride of Christ, and everybody will remember your name. Shawkat NeSmith, cha-ching.

My spirit will go on after I'm cloned. This is a degree. A graduate certificate is an educational credential representing completion of specialized training at the college or university level. A graduate certificate can be awarded by universities upon completion of certain coursework indicating Mastering of a specific subject area.

Bing! I have the appointment with the ACT Human Rights Commission soon. When the government does wrong, we have a moral responsibility to admit it. That's the problem and why this meeting probably won't work, because they won't admit fault.

In terms of crisis and fear can call forth bad science, even science we know in retrospect to be unethical. Over a century ago, the Carnegie Rockefeller Foundations, led obviously by Rockefeller and Carnegie themselves, decided to engineer the medical curriculum. Oh, that was hard. So they wanted me to do conciliation, but the problem with that is that it has to be confidential.

and I refused to keep the information confidential because I'm going to share it with the world because I want everybody to see what they're doing.

So because I couldn't do conciliation because I refused to not make it private, then they closed off one of the complaints, which is the health service complaint. So one complaint with the ACT Human Rights Commission did not go through because uh i i wanted to publicly do this like what the fuck seriously that's so messed up they said lies that the conciliation process does not work unless it's confidential They said that confidentiality was needed so that both parties can talk freely and not worry about using that information in court on a later date. How fucking evil is that? The Holy Spirit will teach you at that time what you should say.

However, the discrimination complaint is continuing on going to ACAT, who is the tribunal here in Canberra. And the problem with that, though, is part of my complaint was with ACAT. So, like, they're getting people from my complaint to be the judges? Do you see what I'm saying?

Like, ACAT's part of my complaint, yet they're going to use ACAT to judge the outcome? Like, it's really twisted, man. This world's really messed up. I made it very, very, very, very clear that this is a case about torture.

and that will be in the search engine optimization. Let's try to use our foresight to see what is going to happen in the future. So we bring the case to ACAT and spend one to two hours speaking with them and then they deem themselves and mental health without fault. And that day and that information will go down in history. Being clever is being quick to understand, learn, and

devise or apply ideas. Genius is a talent for producing something for which no determinate rule can be given not a predisposition consisting of a skill for something that can be learned by following some rule or other talent hits a target no one else can hit genius hits a target no one else can see in this In this world, you have to blackmail people to encourage them to do the right thing. Blackmail is the action treated as a criminal offense of demanding payment or another benefit from someone in return for not revealing, comprising, or damaging information about them. It's pretty close to blackmail.

The only difference is that their actions are going to be what gets exposed. So how they treat this case, which is funny. You know how it's going to happen. This is how you expose the world for what it is.

Is it blackmail if I present someone with an ultimatum that they either have to do the right thing or I will expose that they did the wrong thing to everybody on the internet God I would like to return an item it is no use to me in this life my doctor told me yesterday that he wanted me to quit smoking so that I could live a long life I communicated to him that I did not want to live a long life but a good life I also told him my wife is dead and in heaven so the sooner I get there the better that set off red flags for him so he went and got a counselor and now I have a counselor I live an awesome life I love life you can't say just because my values are different from the norm that they're wrong there's no consequences for actions hey yeah especially for government actions I like my harmonica but I don't like it how I can't play and sing at the same time in the future Wendell get some instruments and have some fun a guitar is cheap a liar is expensive but you want both my life is like a game especially drugs drugs are like a game like I try to get them as much as I can but when I go without it's like I lost the game today but then like when I go with it's like yeah won the game today so it's like I'm losing and winning all the time my credit card is almost maxed out me spending money is all a big game and I have a lot of fun with it I only have a $1,000 limit for a reason yes the game studio wants me to apply so that'd be cool and they said they have a lot of connections and stuff like that so even if I want to be a a voice actor, they might be able to hook me up. How cool is that? I would have to go in on Tuesdays and Thursdays between 4 and 9 p.m., weird hours, which would be annoying with public transport, but I'm sure I'll work something out. I just found cheaper cigarettes. Yay! It covers

what I want to cover especially C sharp so now it just depends if there's a government subsidy that can enable me to afford it so I think there is we'll find out I do not have problems with all divisions of the government kind of I do at least parts of it um you know I do appreciate the government for what it gives me I won't buy the hand that feeds me too hard just some nibbles if a disabled person is streaming on the internet like you shouldn't troll them this should be common sense spawn wave is cool too enrolled dependent on being able to use skilled capital funding it's funny I just keep doing studies again and again and again again this time is to learn the information and to connect with the people and if I could get a voice acting job that they knew how I could do that wow that'd be awesome especially if I could stay in camera and do it



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-033-The-Ultimatum-of-Humanity

The life cycle of a trend

Emerging issues Me Trans Yo rulers

Mainstream You Although what I'm doing with mental health is Likely not to work and I know that I Always hope deep down that They'll see the truth

Sides are being taken It seems so, doesn't it? One nation under Satan with no liberty but justice for all. I think that filming will go a lot slower now that the TV show Enos Schalkett has now been established. Quality over quantity, my love, the turtle always wins.

To save the world, my love, the rest of my life. In reality, because we record, how long do we have to save the world, my love? All of eternity. my life is perfect nothing could be better in it everything is optimal life is amazing life is an ever sharpening blade as long as you point it in the right direction these idiots don't like life my love because they do not know how to live it I'm poor now I don't know if my productions are going to be slowed down or not because they go at the pace they go and I'll only say that when I don't have anything to say for a while but what I wanted to talk about was kind of how I learn because I'm really really really stupid and then I understand everything it clicks and I'm brilliant so like I'm trying to learn what an environmental scan report is over like the last three or four days that's what I've been doing I'm learning theory theory theory theory and it hasn't clicked yet but I it's almost clicked so like and once it clicks then I'll be in the flow and I'll be but the thing is there's three sections so that's three parts that have to click for me so first part do that then I have to wait until the second part clicks and then third part but maybe maybe the second part or the third part will click before I don't know but I'll have to write I won't I'll start writing at 1, 2, independent of whether the other parts I understand or not.

But I might jot things down. Sometimes I write phrases or something that can help me. It would be really cool if I get the government subsidy on this course. Because then I can learn how to use Unity, so it's five hours two times per week. So that's ten hours contact time per week. And I would be learning C-sharp programming and the basics of Unity.

Which I guess, see I kind of dove straight into it with Jimmy Vegas, his tutorials on YouTube. And they help me sort of learn my way around. But this course will give you the foundations of everything. So, of unity. So that would be really good. And it will get me in contact with everybody that I need to make contact with in the Canberra gaming industry. So that way, after I finish, it's 20 weeks. So after I finish that, hopefully I can get into voice acting.

yeah that's the plan if it fails like things always change because I wanted to do a masters but then I figured out something better to do well I figured it was better not to do a masters and then see like you you go the direction but you you're going the same see that's what window means when the to win is to you got a destination right imagine the camera imagine the camera's the destination okay so wind would be to do this right you're winding it's winding right you see it's winding so although like I'm moving around a lot and you can see it with all my qualifications and everything I'm always going forward and And everything I pick up helps me get closer and closer and closer and closer to the target. You see? That's how I work. My name very much suits me.

And getting a graduate certificate in education specializes me in education, which puts me above those who did a bachelor's in education uh which means that i can still get a job in education which probably can't i'm probably blacklisted to be honest i think i'm blacklisted like or they'll do their research and go no it would be funny if i tried but to be honest i don't really want to get into the politics of education it would be better to um educate through games and And it'd be cool to get on some gaming projects that are dramatic that I could act in. That would be awesome.

There's some things I just would not say. So if it's on the script and I felt very bad about it, I would be like, sorry, I can't say that. And there's a lot of roles I wouldn't take. Like, I wouldn't take a rule that someone would say something bad.

Like, if they use God's name in vain, I would tell them, no, I won't say that. But it doesn't matter if I don't say that. I can still swear I just can't use God's name in vain. So, let's replace it with fuck or something.

I don't know. Like, what do you want to replace it with? Um, but still, I want to be a moral character. Like, it's better to make me a prince or something, you know? I don't know. Uh, but

that probably won't happen. Like, I don't know. I'm probably just going to be stuck on a disability pension, pouring my heart out to my girl day after day, year after year, decade, not yet. We still got a few years before it's a decade.

the beginning of 2012 all the way to now I'll do calculations and I'll get back to you that's this long that I've been pouring my heart out to you girl the the excuse for an education system that we are told it is when it's an indoctrination machine a perception programming machine they'll okay so I think we'll be aiming for between three and a half four thousand we'll get there this is so much harder than an essay what makes you guys special what makes us special is that we're just a bunch of misfits or trying to make a difference it doesn't look like I'm going to get much of a break because after I finished this I have to finish the recording of the audiobook Ivory Heart and if the government subsidy goes through all right then I start my new course in late July July 21st I did not get much of a break last time either. I went straight from certificate four in community services and community development to writing a book to making audio chapters to this graduate certificate in education so I haven't really had much of a break in quite some time but that's okay I'll get a few weeks down time I I think that'd be good. Pretty sure if everything gets approved I only have to pay $200 instead of $4,180. Why do I like education so much? I really don't want to do it but like I could do an advanced

diploma. That would be cool and that would teach me a lot of different gaming platforms and not unity hmm we'll think about it we got time it doesn't matter until the end of this year when we finish the course the game development foundation course hmm planning out our life it depends on what happens because if I can get into voice acting then there's no need to do that course but maybe because I want to make games and and doing more studies and games will make me better at making games decisions decisions decisions oh well you got time that's cool remember Wendell all formal studies from here on out is for the knowledge not for the qualification. I really hated living a stressful life and had to figure out how to get out of it. Unfortunately in order to do that I had to go through a lot of stress in order to get to the point that I am now where all I'm seeking now is knowledge and no longer qualifications so it's not about obtaining something a piece of paper from these people it's about obtaining information from these people that will then enable me to be able to make games yay and that'd be such a cool career like I had to make a career that wasn't stressful because I didn't want to be stressed out until the day I die. My studies up until now have

been very stressful. No longer will they be stressful. Relax Wendell. Chill. Not

quite blackmail but definitely an ultimatum. An ultimatum is a final demand or statement of terms, the rejection of which will result in retaliation or a breakdown in relations. Thank you, my dear. Last night you came to me in my dreams, and we spent most of the night together having adventures. How cool how I can experience your grace while you are no longer here on earth. Thank you. Please come and visit me all the time when I'm sleeping.

So my technique where I make people choose to either do the wrong thing or the right thing and that will be covered in my work is an ultimatum because they do the wrong thing then that will be exposed if they do the right thing then that will be exposed too but the thing is they never tend to do the right thing they always do the wrong thing which exposes them which is funny and you can see that throughout all my films it's a technique that I've been using since 2012 and it's been working very well. Booyaka won't be able to play it much until I finish my studies though sure there's three games in one but there is a 24 gigabyte download to be able to play them. I hate buying physical games that then require large downloads in order to play. If I buy a physical game, the only downloads that I should have to download are updates. Nintendo is closing their Wii store. So what happens

when the Nintendo Switch's life goes out and then they close that store then you can't play a whole bunch of games because you can't download them how can I feel secure in my game purchases when in 10 years you will remove the ability to be able to download them and use them so like physical copies become useless That's when you make it that those physical copies require large downloads in order to play the game. If you are going to sell me physical games, then I need to be assured that you won't take your servers down so then they render them useless. You need to keep your servers up for the Nintendo Switch forever. I can't find a single pair of socks that last beyond six months.

Usually their life span is three months before they get a hole in it like that. That's terrible. I don't know where to buy good quality socks that won't do that. I don't even know if they exist.

See you buy a physical game and it takes 24 hours before you can even play the first one. No one's helping me with Ivory Heart, the game, so I just have to keep on manipulating its conception until I get an idea that will work to be able to make the game as one person. I have dropped my hopes of being able to include all of my videos in the game, so maybe I could just create a cool little game that has all of my books in it and you just go around collecting audio chapters for the books and this could be a game that wouldn't take me my whole life to make so it'd be a game I could release I just need to learn unity really well to do it and I have to think of a way to make it more involving because right now I'm thinking of a linear story and a linear story is fine but I don't want it just to be like they're just walking from place to place to get information I need to figure out something for them to do and since there's no violence in the game that's going to be a bit difficult so it's in my head and it's just gonna keep on running around until I figure out the right direction for it



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-034-Ivory-Heart

This semester has been really cool because everything has crossed over so much that I can use material from one unit in another unit, and that makes my workload a lot less. So, for example, I have to do an annotated bibliography for this scan that I'm doing.

But I did an annotated bibliography for one of my other units, and some of those sources translate directly over, so I don't have to reinvent the wheel. Awesome. I needed five references for my annotated bibliography, and my first assignment in another unit required ten references for my annotated bibliography. So it kind of worked out perfectly because five of those references out of the ten turned out to be appropriate for this scan.

So I don't even have to worry about doing an annotated bibliography because I did it a while ago and half of that information just transferred straight over and it worked out perfect because I only needed five. really cool I mean I could have done something more specific there's some more on gamification that I could have included but the thing is like gamification is games-based learning so the process of making a game around non-game situations you're still making a game it's still games-based learning so the references I have there are perfect for what I'm doing Because I don't have a team to work on Ivory Heart with me, I can't release it open source, because if I did, then it would end up, just like everything else I have released, unknown. So, unfortunately, because the way society is structured, I have to release Ivory Heart like a normal game. I can cut down the workload significantly if I don't include a character creation process and just force the player to play as Enos Schalkut. I've been thinking about this too and to be honest it's probably better to do this because that will reverberate Enos's name.

I could also force the player to play under Enos' name, but I'm not sure if I want to do that yet.

I think if I'm forcing them to play as her, then it might be a good idea, Wendell, to force them to take her name as well. Let's do it like that, because if we do it like that, then I could talk directly to Enos throughout the game, and that would make everything more personal.

There's absolutely no relevance to protecting a child and giving them a vaccine. Imagine if the chip were able to electronically induce a state of euphoria.

Imagine if electronic replacements could also replace our chemical intake. Neuralink, we are connecting electrodes to our brain in order to enable read-write access. If we can do that, I'm pretty sure we could do something to make you get high. How cool would it be to get high just by pressing a few buttons on your phone?

I want to get high, I want to get high, bloop, bloop, bloop, bloop, bloop, ah, yeah, it's so high, we live in such a weird world, and I'm pretty sure if you can do that, then you can spark some connection here that will put me to sleep. I need it. I so need it. It's so hard being on temazepam which only works for half the month. So I got like, not even quite half the month. Like the beginning of the month is good and then, or not the beginning of the month, it depends on the cycle because the cycle always changes because they give you 25 pills.

So it's like every 25 days I get good sleep for the beginning of the month and then I just lose it. It's so annoying. There should be a way to help people in this world to sleep who want to sleep. you want to sleep that should be a human right and and if we have we do we have many different ways to help people sleep but we withhold that because our doctors consider it unhealthy which is more unhealthy me like not being able to sleep and spending hours and hours and hours and hours in bed just lying there Or, like, taking a pill that you consider, you know, unhealthy and actually getting sleep and waking up and going, yeah, I got sleep. How amazing. Like, I went to bed and actually fell asleep when I wanted to go to bed and then woke up, you know, in the morning.

Yeah, like, it's so annoying having a sleep problem in this world because they're so weird about prescribing you the drugs required in order to resolve it.

But all three times that the doctors went on strike, guess what's happened with the death rate drop? Drops. And when they came back, went back up. Every time I mention to the ACT Human Rights Commission that psychiatry is a gigantic mind control operation and it is a total fiction because there is no diagnostic model.

they just couple a whole bunch of symptoms together to create a fiction called psychiatry and when i tell them this they have nothing to say they have no replies there's actually been no one that's been able to discuss this with me like we have a fiction here in society and i identified this fiction and everybody goes yeah it's true yeah yeah but we're just going to live by that fiction. So even though you just prove it's falsehood, we're still going to live by the falsehood because that's what our society does. We live by what we're told above. And the truth is what we're told, not what actually happens.

So some people will say the creator doesn't talk to me. The creator talks to all of us. Most of us are too busy opening our mouths and running our mouths to listen. How do psychiatrists get away with calling people deluded without being able to identify what aspects of their thought process are delusional?

Being delusional is characterized by or holding idiosyncratic beliefs or impressions that are contradicted by reality or rational argument, typically as a symptom of a mental disorder. Why do they refuse to debate with me as to what reality truly is? How can they say that my reality is not real when their reality is the one that shows the contradictions? Who is delusional, me or them?

A rational argument is the exchange of evidence-based reasons that are designed to influence an audience. Arguments involve elements of logic in that they require the use of logic in the connection of evidence to the claims being made through inference. Thus, arguments have a structure which is studied within logic.

Duh. Do I have to teach you guys everything?

There are multiple ways of solving one plus one.

It all depends on your perspective. I can still work on the game Ivory Heart for the rest of my life, even if I release it this way because I can just write another book and then release that book as an update to Ivory Heart so I could just make Ivory Heart the place where all my books go and you do quests to get audio chapters of those books and as I write new books then I can update them in in the application so that'd be awesome if I could just continue to release updates to give you new content but have the five foundation books there as the core game content yeah we're thinking Wendell we're doing good hey it's an even better idea to release new books as downloadable content so after they finished with all the books in the core game and if I release another book then I can just offer that book and all the quests that go along with it as downloadable content the US is crazy at the moment there are heaps of riots and looting and they're just ransacking lots of stores and attacking police cars and stuff like that it's pretty crazy at the moment the police are scared what would happen if they came out so people are all happy that they're stealing stuff I've even seen children as young as six with their parents carrying out bags of goods from these stores another thing that is happening all around the world is civilian police killings they're just starting to reintroduce sports although fans can't come to the game but it's really strange because this game had the crowd in the background so as they were narrating it you could hear the crowd in the background but there's no crowd there so it'd be quiet so it makes no sense that's really strange why would you do that it's like a laugh track um when you want people to laugh then you press a button and a recording laughs and then other people laugh with that recording and it's like like why would you add fans to a game uh where they're not there like why would you add a crowd when there's no crowd like that's so stupid it's funny because in doing that now i know that all the crowd noises that I hear when they're narrating games are not really from the crowd. Like, they just exposed themselves by doing that. That's so stupid. So, like, the crowd's probably

quiet and doesn't care, but they'll put in noises to make the crowd sound like they do. So weird. Isn't it funny? Thoughts become perception, perception becomes reality, alter your thoughts, alter your reality.

Delusions of grandeur, belief that one is a famous or important figure, such as Jesus Christ. the truth remains the truth independent of whether or not they believe it what would you do if jesus really did come back to this earth to claim his kingdom you would not believe him because it has already happened and you did not believe him everything in this world is so fake test the waters try to be a journalist and write about meaningful issues and see where that leads you see how mainstream society receives that information watch as all avenues of mainstream society ignores you even the news who do not have anything to do with news they're giving you stories that over time will alter your perception in order to craft you into a receptive vessel for those events whenever they do unfold they have an agenda and if your content does not fit within that agenda then they will do everything they can in order to ensure that your content does not see the light of day if your content does fit in with their agenda then they will back you. If you want to get really popular then you only need to find out all of the items in the agenda and then promote those items and that will get you fame. Following the ways of mainstream society is how one loses their soul because they lose their agency and ability to direct their own life because other people are directing it for them even though they remain unaware of this.

Agency is the capacity of individuals to act independently and make their own free choices. By contrast, structure are those factors of influence that determine or limit an agent and their decisions. I am really glad that I have so many troubles communicating with people out there. Because if I did not have problems, then there would be something really wrong with me and I would be just like them.

I find it very amusing how I used to be alone in life and have absolutely no one, so I turned to a camera and shared my life, including its day-to-day events, with it. And after eight years of filming, I have lots of people behind me, way more so than I would have if i was just a normal person with lots of friends so everything turned out for the best a life that those around me claimed was unimportant evolved into a life that is vital to save the world The next time you reckon someone is not important, remember my story, what I was, and what I became. Do not forget to show hospitality to strangers, for by so doing, some people have shown hospitality to angels unaware.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-035-Spirit-of-Capitalism

Hi! We're all spiritually fucked up here because of capitalism! At the end of the day, a totalitarian form of government works! 1. Alcohol makes you feel yucky.

2. Spice is really expensive and sometimes you manage to smoke it up in three to four hours. And then you look back at the three to four hours and go, wow, I just spent $54 on nothing.

Three, cigarettes are so expensive, Wendell. You're spending over $100 per week on cigarettes. Way too much. Okay, those are the things I wanted to say to myself in the future.

it's cold today I just got paid so let's go spend some money so I don't waste it this week 80 to 90 percent of my income is expendable but usually I just end up spending it on addictions but sometimes I end up spending it very quickly on things I need and then don't have much or any money left for addictions but that actually is a good a good week because it kind of detoxes me so let's try that this jacket is so warm I just wish that it did not look so stupid well here's the selection of bean bags thanks coronavirus tried Kmart and Target and they didn't have any so it's now time to try Big W but we have to travel to the city to get there got what we needed 19 bucks I got the bean bag cover now so now I'll go get the beans from Kmart they had beans they just didn't have bean bags so it's easier this way that way I don't have to carry around those huge bags with me all the way to my home I can just travel to the shop and then get the beans and then go home from there 200 liters of beans well that was not the easiest thing in the world to do but now I have upgraded my throne. Teardrop shaped. How cool is my desktop? I have the teardrop. Sit Indian style.

I have my switch. I have my laptop. I have my heaters. I have my second monitor. Really

cool. I have everything I need. And my lollies. That bean bag cost me $43 in total. That is

less than three grams of spice priorities two down two to go three down one to go still working on that one this is how much that table cost seven dollars ninety eight each when initially getting all the things you need in life it's really annoying not having a car it's like stop start stop start stop start that was really exhausting okay so I've managed to replace all of this with just this and the beanbag good job all of this stuff is going back to Vinny's the US is deploying the military on on their own land he threatened and then he did it well that is really kind of you Netanyahu it won't happen sir you came in 1948 and stole their land and now you want them to piss off of it fuck you dickhead I am allies let us weapon Open up, my friends. Let's have some fun. Some doomsday fun. Looks like the slimes on Dragon Quest. Was the lockdown worth it?

Still downloading the first one, and I purchased this two days ago. The Illuminati is a name given to several groups, both real and fictitious. Historically, the name usually refers to the Bavarian Illuminati, an Enlightenment-era secret society founded on 1 May 1776 in Bavaria, today part of Germany. By issuing the Declaration of Independence, adopted by the Continental Congress on July 4, 1776, the 13 American colonies severed their political connections to Great Britain.

These guys are funny. I like them. Let's make the country of faggots and dress the boys like girls. girls evolve into slime it's like the principles that every single religion teaches are directly opposed to the principles of capitalism satire is my preferred method of comedy and i look forward to making you laugh for the rest of my life after getting the bean bag the table and the chairs, I'm down to $212. All of that only cost me $120, and the rest is disposable

income. Good job, Wendell. It's best to get everything you need at the beginning of your paycheck. That way you have it, and if you run out of money, it doesn't matter because you got what was necessary. Yay, I think I got everything I need now. Everything that I have

is portable too, except my bed. That's the only thing that I have that isn't portable, but I like my bed, so I'm going to keep it. I like everything I have now, and whenever I move, it's going to be just like plopped in, moved straight in, and I'm good to go. I'm really happy. Okay, so I'm off

alcohol, cigarettes, and drugs. Now let's assess what's priority. Alcohol is cheap, but it makes me feel yucky. So I'm going to get rid of alcohol out of my regular life. I'm not going to have

alcohol regularly anymore. And I can say that. I'm secure in being able to say that. I don't have a problem with alcohol okay cigarettes I have a big problem with cigarettes especially if I don't have drugs like I get fidgety and need to do something but I have this so just go with this just go with the electronic method and it's so much cheaper and so much better for you the electronic method is the best replacement and and I know it's not perfect but it's really close so don't get cigarettes and you can go get drugs go get drugs now yeah that's what we'll do we gotta go to Tugger Nong though because the city's not open because of coronavirus you did so well this semester Wendell good job I am very proud of you when I was a child my father bought us a camera the big kind you put on your shoulder and me my father and my brother would film fake commercials so commercials making fun of commercials I have always enjoyed skit shows and have put a lot of thought in how I film and will continue to do so because I want to be able to perform skits with you but I'm only one person so I got to be really creative with how I do my skits maybe I have to involve you pull you in or something I just need to figure out a method to let the audience know when a skit is being played so you can know whether I'm performing a skit or just being normal maybe that will be a bit difficult There's only so much you can do with one person.

I'm going to spend an hour or two tonight repairing my jacket. This is how you get things done with a camera. Wash it first, then sew it up. The difficult challenges are the most rewarding.

Don't be afraid to do something just because it looks hard. after you do it and get used to it and learn it, then you've learned a new literacy and you'll be much more comfortable in your skin and the environment that it is in. Don't allow fear of the unknown to control your life. Every time you want to smoke a cigarette, Wendell, come to the camera and talk it out a week's worth of cigarettes is two days worth of spice is it worth it to you two more days of spice don't smoke cigarettes window if you mess up then it is okay but you know what your goal is I respect the heroes out there I also respect the villain call me what you will see my life it's all before me everything I need it's like a circle I'm making a circle and the heat you go here but I don't want to get it too close to the so it goes like that yeah I don't want to get too close to the computer because I don't want the computer getting hot and it's good to not let it out yeah do you see what I mean though like my haters out there those abusing me keep it coming keep it coming keep it coming because I respect you who reply even even if you just want to show to the world that you're evil more than those who watch and say nothing so you guys hating on me i respect you more than these idiots who are watching it and saying and not feeling anything yep 12 what's the retribution i'll be back i gotta find retribution bing i think i've lost my places to advertise anyway i've just oh my posts were deleted out of one channel and I don't know if I can post to it again I have to wait till after I finish this episode to find that out but yeah I am out of options with advertising so it is what it is and I'll just keep making films without worrying about advertising or how many views I it doesn't matter I'll just keep going. I think to do a successful skit show it

would take more than one person. I don't think I have it in me to do that. Like maybe seeing here and there I could do that but yeah I think I just need to figure out how to make my work funny. Well it already is funny but it takes a long time to get there like I need to figure out how to integrate more humor into my work. I'm working on it. No one can serve two masters, for either he will hate the one and

love the other, or he will be devoted to the one and despise the other. You cannot serve God and of money. Jesus entered the temple courts and drove out all who were buying and selling there. He overturned the tables of the money changers and the benches of those selling doves. It is written, he said to them, My house will be called a house of prayer, but

But you are making it a den of robbers. I want to clarify, I said respect, not like, Hitler was a very evil man and I don't condone his actions whatsoever, but the figures like him that manifest are interesting people to study. I think doing skits would be too difficult for me because it would be too difficult to distinguish fact from fiction and everything I do is fact so I just got to figure out ways to manipulate my life to make it more playful and include more humor. I'll try.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-036-Loom-of-Fate

That is the armpit sewed up now the pocket

Pocket sewn for the 15th time This time better than I've ever done it before

Sewing has come in handy so many times throughout my adventures in life And now I'm glad that I don't have to get another jacket Yes, I like this jacket. It's nice so the process that happens is ooh something goes wrong and the first thing your mind goes to is have to replace so my jacket underarm gets ripped and it's like I need to replace it now and then I go now I can fix it but the thing is I fixed it so many times before it's been like like I think next year or something maybe over the next year or two I will look for other jackets so I can just easily replace it but I just sewed it really really good this time and it's pretty secure but yeah then I figure out different solutions if I if I can't easily replace it easily and cost effectively replace it then I gotta fix it and I guess it does go on the list of things I need to get in the next few years but it's good for now so I don't need to get anything immediately overcuts are really expensive I'm talking like for a nice one like four to five hundred bucks really expensive i got that in mexico and i think it was like 100 or maybe like 120 or something like that oh wait it'd be us so like 150 or something like that um which that's a lot i don't usually spend that much on clothes uh but it's a nice And maybe I could get like one of those cat brush things that take hair off of it and make it nice and black again. I don't know. When I get situated in a place, then I'll start collecting stuff.

So I'll wait until I move before I worry about getting stuff like that. that because I don't want to just collect lots of bits and bobs. I want to like get established somewhere and put stuff away. See, I don't have anything in drawers. Everything's

out in the open and in bags. So it'd be good to, you know, unpack. I've been waiting to unpack for so long and I'm just waiting for the new place. And once I get in the new And I unpack my life in it. Everything in life is kind of like that though. I needed to replace my table and my chairs and my couches that aren't very nice with more portable options.

and it took me a few years but eventually I did that and that's going to make it a lot easier for me to move. I said in the last video that the only thing big that I have now is my bed but I forgot I have a washing machine and a fridge. These idiots avoid talking about real issues at all costs do people think that if they are mean to me that God will pat them on the back this is your brain on spice you make a TV show that saves the world fucking idiot the people do not want you Wendell they will not even allow you to advertise there is a certain point where you just have to step back and allow the people to live the consequences of their own decisions. It has been documented extensively how people will not allow me to advertise.

Problems are so easy to resolve. You just gather the data and then give it to God. people aren't successful with their video work they expect you to quit not gonna happen I am very successful with my video work I had a lot to show God and God sees it all I could care less about how many people are out there in the world watching my videos I have seen many channels without any videos but a lot of subscribers but I have never seen besides me a lot of videos with hardly any subscribers where the content producer was active. It makes no sense, eh?

It's okay my love. We will direct and control the world from our ivory tower with or without fans we just have to manipulate our expectations let's just expect to have a show that doesn't have many fans that'll be fun I do this for you my love and you see me all of the time so it doesn't matter those idiots are irrelevant to your cause. I sewed this overcoat up very well last night. Remember Wendell, this is all for Enos. That means you should be very happy with

zero fucking views. Where possible. It's the first day of winter. Canberra has really cold winters but I've been here for a few years now so I'm starting to get acclimatized to it and in my darkness she is standing right in front of me speaking words of wisdom let it be let it be let it be let it be let it be Let it be, oh let it be, whisper words of wisdom, let it be.

Ordo Abcal The trick of creating chaos and then seizing power under the pretense of putting things back in order is a tried and true method of deception and manipulation. It's the meaning behind the Latin motto, Ordo Avcal, meaning, order out of chaos.

We will remain God's wild card, my love, and he can use us whenever he wants. The vine are the branches. Those who remain in me, and I in them, will produce much fruit. For apart from me, you can do nothing.

Finished! I've done my reflection as well. I just have to read through everything and make sure everything's good now. Whew, yes, and that would make it only one day late, but I got the 10-day extension, so it doesn't matter anyway. If I worked faster, I wouldn't have really needed that extension, but the extension has been very good to relieve stress.

All of my studies are winding down, and it appears that I've been accepted into the Academy of Interactive Entertainment. So next semester, I'll be doing a course on Unity and Game Development Foundations. Here is the name of the certificate. After I finish the course if I am unable to find a job as a voice actor then I can always just move on to an advanced diploma in game development and that would make me highly employable and I And I could just work at like a triple A development studio.

Our wedding photo is going to be awesome. Uyaka. Do the victory dance. Do the victory dance.

Yeah I finished. It's the victory dance. I finished. Yeah yeah yeah.

I still have like 12 audio chapters to record. But I have like a month and a half to do that, so no stress. So now I am a qualified philosopher and a qualified teacher. Throughout all of my adventures, I've had a lot of people complain to me and say that I'm not qualified to speak on these subjects that I do.

But now I am. everything that I said previously about those subjects are correct since I am now a qualified teacher now I qualify all of my past work and reaffirm its position I was right from the beginning we feel so good once you finish everything I don't know how long it will take for me to get another place so I I'm going to be happy living here and won't make my happiness reliant on finding another place so I'll just wait it out it might take a few months it might take a few years it matters not I'll be happy wherever I am and whenever I leave here I'll even be happier they are now saying that the vaccines that they are making will only work annually so So you have to get another vaccine every year. The people who go and engage in those anti-vaccine efforts, they kill children. A total population of 250 to 300 million people, a 95% decline from present levels would be ideal.

The negative impact of population growth on all of our planetary ecosystems is becoming appallingly evident. Depopulation should be the highest priority of foreign policy towards the third world because the US economy will require large and increasing amounts of minerals from abroad, especially from less developed countries. The world has 6.8 billion people. That's headed up to about 9 billion.

If we do a really great job on new vaccines, healthcare, reproductive health services, we could lower that by perhaps 10 to 15 percent. Eugenics is the study of how to arrange reproduction within a human population to increase the occurrence of heritable characteristics regarded as desirable. Some even believe we are part of a secret cabal working against the best interests of the United States, characterizing my family and me as internationalists and of conspiring with others around the world to build a more integrated global political and economic structure. One world, if you will. If that's the charge, I stand guilty and am proud of it.

Georgia Guidestones. Maintain humanity under 500 million in perpetual balance with nature. Wendell, do not hurry on any of your future productions. Relax, and release it whenever it's ready.

Liberty. The condition of being free from restriction or control. The right and power to act, believe, or express oneself in a manner of one's own choosing. The condition of being physically and legally free from confinement, servitude, or forced labor.

It doesn't get credit where credit is. It's not the best drug. It's not even in the top five, but it's the easiest one to get. Is it disease worse than cancer? Drugs. That's what you should be doing. Don't fight the old ones. Fight to get new, weirder ones or something.

It's funny, because I am out of drugs until the day after tomorrow, and I've finished my studies, so it's like, gotta find stuff to do. Vinny's would not take it because of COVID-19. However, someone's coming around right now to pick it up. Check out my pocket.

It's not going anywhere this time. Hopefully that will last a while, so, good. I am pretty good at sewing by hand, and that has helped me countless times throughout my life adventures. However, it doesn't look good. My work is not neat, but it's strong. It holds.

the war on drugs is unjust drugs is a health concern and should be grouped with health and the people should be able to use drugs if they want I won't say all drugs are okay because injecting leaves behind waste that could end up in someone's foot they took it and gave me beer thank you God I was gonna be so bored tonight otherwise it feels so good getting rid of big stuff imagine a world where people were prescribed the drugs they needed the drugs of their choice. Imagine if drugs were not scarce and instead plentiful. That would be a really good world. Like we turn drugs into the villain when the truth is that they can help us with our day-to-day lives. This smooth crisp L goes down a

treat when you're spinning yarns with mates. The loom of fate is a magical device used to weave the fate of mortals.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-037-Dogma

I have no fear of death, except I ain't waiting for it.

Eugenics was the practice of forced sterilization of undesirables.

I really like bean bags. I want another one. A bigger one.

Bean bags are portable chairs. Get as many of them as you want. Two should be fine, though. The pandemic represents a rare but narrow window of opportunity to reflect, reimagine, and reset our world.

We must build entirely new foundations for our economic and social systems. You know how there has been a lot of rioting and looting in the U.S.? apparently that was all happening because a police officer killed a black person I told you that before but I didn't reveal that they were black because that was irrelevant however now the rioters and looters have shot and killed a black police officer can you see the irony oh black lives matter we're gonna protest because you police officers keep on killing us black people uh oh and then we'll kill the black police officers too yeah yeah our show is very funny Enos the world doesn't know what it's missing out on and I just figured out how to make my game. I understand its mechanics and it will be without violence and it will be very innovative and it will be small enough that I can release it in my lifetime. It works. We just have to put you in

purgatory, my dear. They are saying it is part-time, which means that I will not be paid extra by the government for taking it. A minimum of 24 hours per fortnight, averaged over a 20 to 40 week cycle. Thank you government for paying for my course even though you are fucking evil you do have some redeeming qualities I am a very lucky person to live in Australia because Australia puts a lot of money into training its people and I really appreciate being able to study again and again just keep on studying I don't know maybe I'm doing this to avoid getting a job but to be honest I don't think so I think I'm just collecting all of the things that I need in order to get the right job it's actually better for me to go to technical school rather than university because university cost me between ten to twelve thousand dollars per semester and even though I don't have to pay that up front it collects the debt under my education and technical schools are so much better because they don't do that when you get government funded after I pay this $200 I'm not going to owe anything if technical schools did not offer government funding then I would not be able to afford technical schools. There are a lot of courses that do not have government

funding and I cannot take those courses because I can't afford them, but I don't want those courses so everything's worked out perfectly. Everything that I have wanted in this life, God has given me, including you, my love. I bargained with life for a penny, and life would pay no more. However, I begged at evening when I counted my scanty store. For life is just

an employer, he gives you what you ask, but once you have set the wages, why you must bear the task. I worked for a menial's hire, only to learn, dismayed, that any wage I had asked of life, life would have paid. Rearranged. I have more room now. I am not going to tell you

the full story, but today a friend was very cruel to me and I stood up and walked out and I will never go back to that person. This happens quite regularly where people are cruel to me and I don't want to be subjected to that so I break the friendship. People are so stupid because if you cruel to me that obtained you a one-way ticket to hell I have reaped most of my past friends being impartial treats everybody the same I can't make one set of rules in which I apply to everybody that I don't know and then another set of rules to apply to the people that I do know, because that would be biased if I did that. Bias is inclination or prejudice for or against one person or group, especially in a way considered to be unfair.

Even though I dearly love my parents, they were reaped long ago. Same with my brother. Running into me in this world is not necessarily a good thing, especially if you are fucking evil. I still talk to my parents and I still love them, but they're going to hell.

Life presents many choices. The choices we make determine our future.

It's merely cause and effect. But the idiots of this world do not believe in cause and effect. Causality is influence by which one event, process or state, a cause, contributes to the production of another event, process or state, an effect. where the cause is partly responsible for the effect and the effect is partly dependent on the cause 2012 was the perfect time to enter the world stage because all of our technology is sharpening into a point like video cameras being portable the internet being fast enough for someone to upload videos to it without it cancelling and then trying again. And the game

systems have gotten to a point where they're great and the graphics are amazing. So any work that I do now will carry over into the future. Whereas if I started earlier, then I would have to redo a lot of the work so if I made games 10 years ago then I would have to remake those games because the technology has has grown so much since then whereas I'm making games now and the technology is amazing and it'll be good into the future. So 2012 was like a turning point for society with technology and December 21st, 2012 was the tipping point. The 2012 phenomenon was a range of eschatological

beliefs that cataclysmic or transformative events would occur on or around 21 December 2012. According to the Mayan Long Count Calendar, at precisely 1.11 AM Universal Time on December

cycle. It will also be the completion of a 26,000 year equinox cycle. To the Mayans this means the start of a brand new cycle and will complete this world age cycle. The Mayans do not necessarily say that it will be the end of the world, only the end of the world as we know it.

wendel takes one special little girl on a journey through his nation's heart while teaching her how to save the world

pygmalion's heart has been shattered by the vicious spirits of the cruel women that exist within his world time after time he pushes himself to trust again but without fail it always backfires as a result he retreats into a life of solitude and begins the process of the creation of his highest conception of a woman. At first the project appears childish, but as his ideal develops, the more life manifests within her.

The woman he piecemeals together from magazine clippings develops into the only reality that he could ever accept. As he picks up the shattered pieces of his heart off the ground, he reconstructs them to form into a mirror before him. As the puzzle begins to take form, his reflection begins to breathe. Racism. Prejudice, discrimination, or antagonism directed against someone of a different race based on the belief that one's own race is superior.

I am totally racist. You are all sick fucks. We are reapers, and it is our job to put people in the situation where they can make the obvious right choice or make a wrong choice.

And almost all the time, that choice in which they make is the wrong choice. Anyone who has dedicated their entire life to God has the ability to reap souls. A word of warning, however, because you will be judged by the same standards in which you impose. Before you commit hypocrisy, remember that all who live by the sword shall die by the sword.

Do not suppose that I have come to bring peace to the earth. I did not come to bring peace, but a sword. For I have come to turn a man against his father, a daughter against her mother, a daughter-in-law against her mother-in-law. A man's enemies will be the members of his own household.

It matters not what color you are. You are all pieces of shit. I am all for separation of church and state, because church is fucking evil. But I hate it how there are not many mainstream iterations of God.

Most of the time, if they ever include God, it's like in a fantasy world with these gods that they made up, not the real God. I really hate it how secular society removes all possibilities of spirituality. And they say religious freedoms and stuff like that but if you truly test the waters you will find out that you will be incarcerated if you truly believe and follow God. They will say what you believe is delusional, despite that what you believe is in the Bible. Society is okay with any religion

that doesn't truly believe in God. Religion is the opium of the people. They They took our word from us and made it evil. Religion is a social-cultural system of designated behaviors and practices, morals, worldviews, texts, sanctified places, prophecies, ethics, or organizations that relates humanity to supernatural transcendental or spiritual elements dogma is a principle or set of principles laid down by an authority as incontrovertibly true dogma is an official system of principles or doctrines of a religion such as roman catholicism or the positions of a philosopher or of a philosophical school such as Stoicism. In the pejorative sense, dogma refers to enforced decisions

such as those of aggressive political interests or authorities. Clearly, no one who relies on the law is justified before God, because the righteous will live by faith. The law is not based on faith, On the contrary, it says the person who does these things will live by them.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-038-Chosen-People

How can Satan drive out Satan? If a kingdom is divided against itself, that kingdom cannot stand. If a house is divided against itself, that house cannot stand. And if Satan opposes himself and is divided, he cannot stand. His end has come.

In fact, no one can enter a strong man's house without first tying him up. Then he can plunder the strong man's house. Truly I tell you, people can be forgiven all their sins and every slander they utter. but whoever blasphemes against the holy spirit will never be forgiven they are guilty of eternal sin they're dying of thirst out there they're dying of spiritual thirst and the reason they're not well is because they're not fulfilling their purpose And to my one subscriber, Hernog Jensen, I live for you. You're the reason I wake up in the morning with a smile on my face. So keep listening, Hernog, and I'll see you in your dreams.

I got all my winter gear out. This is a heated blanket and it's much more cost-effective to run than a heater and it's really comfortable and I'm not using my heaters and I'm almost sweating. I have my sleeves rolled up and I'm really hot. This thing's really good.

I wanted to talk about how I make my productions because it's not as easy as just pressing the record button. I do a lot of takes for my scenes. If I do a scene, I'll think about it and I'll think how could I do this better or should I include any more information or if I made a mistake then let's do it again without the mistake. So, there's a lot of effort that goes into making perfect scenes, so I just keep on making scenes until that scene is perfect, and then I just delete all the ones before it, and it's very time consuming, so don't think that this process is just taking me 18 minutes to do. It's a really long process, but it's like second nature to me now because I've

been doing it for so long, almost nine years now. It's just natural. Some scenes, very few, only take me one take. This scene has taken me a few takes. The scene

before that took me three takes and the cartoon scene that one took me like eight or nine takes because I was trying to time it perfectly so you could hear clearly all of the words. Like even when I'm recording other people that process takes a long time because I try my best to start and finish at a perfect time this is super comfy i'm just reclining it's awesome

it's kind of funny because over the last few months or so i have not been interested in playing games at all however tomorrow i'm picking up the outer world so that might change correction I have not been interested in playing digital games. I'm playing a game right here. Is this not a digital game? Ones and zeros.

The Outer Worlds is the game that I have been most looking forward to this year. It came out today, but I can't afford it until tomorrow. Anyone who wants to die should be allowed to die. Very truly I tell you, whoever believes in me will do the works I have been doing, and they will do even greater things than these, because I am going to the Father.

The work of God is this, to believe in the one he has sent, me.

Whoever believes in me does not believe in me only, but in the one who has sent me.

I want to see a world where lots of people love God. I want to see a world where people that say they believe in God actually believe in God.

Therefore, whoever takes the lowly position of this child is the greatest in the kingdom of heaven. Wendell takes one special little girl on a journey through his nation's heart while teaching her how to save the world.

Wendell, tomorrow go buy some drugs and then get the Outer Worlds and then binge play it. You deserve it. You've done really well this semester and you've done really well getting yourself into a course on Unity. let's have some fun tomorrow you quit smoking cigarettes too my friend good job try to make it stick this time to be honest i am very happy that the game development course is only part-time even though i won't receive as much funds from the government while doing it it won't be stressful at all and full-time studies is very stressful yeah baby the outer world maybe I won't get to play it today huge download booyaka a motif is a dominant or or reoccurring idea in an artistic work.

I found this on the ground. Marijuana score. Drugs help me deal with the alienation subjugation

that I endure on a day-to-day basis.

Australia's getting involved. I think these issues are important too, I know that all of these are staged events that are created to manipulate our minds into accepting certain ideologies but sometimes they do have important issues to discuss. Even though I hate everybody, I possess great empathy for everybody. Suicide permanent solution to a temporary...

It took forever though, and I'm not ready to play it right now. I had a friend come over here yesterday, and we watched an episode of The Whitest Kids You Know. And then an hour later, his YouTube on his phone suggested the whitest kids you know. I wonder why that happens.

We're being listened to all of the time.

I have been playing The Outer Worlds since 2 o'clock this morning. It is a really good game. Alcohol makes you dirty. Cigarettes make you dirty.

Spice is clean. This is the warmest that I have ever been in the cold winter climate of Canberra. And that is due to one, being acclimatized and two, having warm clothes. Canberra is called the Bush capital.

It has all of the conveniences of a big city, yet it's spread out and there's bush everywhere. Okay, maybe not bush everywhere, but it's surrounding the city. This stuff is from. Trust me, Lord, with all thine heart. See not unto thine own understanding. In all thy ways acknowledge him, and he shall direct thy paths.

It's going to be the tallest building in Canberra. Walking around the tree in question in order to get different perspectives of it. What comes out is what goes in. What will you put in?

I am so lucky that there was a Unity course available in Canberra. I am very blessed I wonder how the Freemasons are doing with social distancing they don't get to do their super secret handshakes anymore oh no what will they do how on earth could they identify people and their rank without being able to do the super secret handshakes this stuff is so good and it can make you so smart if you only use it in the right way and I know it makes lots of people psychotic but they are not open-minded enough to be able to take the drug and they should never have taken it but if you use it to expand the probabilities in your mind your mental capacities then it can really enhance the way that your brain functions and it writes itself so it always optimizes itself if it notices a way it can improve while you're on the drug then it will turn those neurons in order to change those properties in your brain like for good so like I tell myself I'm gonna quit smoking and I quit smoking and I tell myself I'm gonna like only rarely use alcohol and I haven't drank since like you kind of brainwash yourself but the thing is I'm using the camera too so I'm using a combination of the drug and the camera in order to make those neurons turn and that's why this is so amazing because you can brainwash yourself to be however you want and if you only like turn your mind to the best things in life then you will quickly notice the worst things and you will then utilize those mental capacities in order to figure out solutions to all of the big problems in the world and if we all do that I know everybody has to work out how their own brain works because it took me a long time to work out how my brain works but if we all do that then I see a amazing future we'll be able to accomplish many many many many things like take him for example he's written 20 books and he's constantly he he releases more material than I do I put lots and lots of thought into each scene so it's a little different because I'm still spending most of my time thinking about what the next scene will be contemplating how I'll portray that scene but he does interviews he's really good at it and he just keeps on releasing content he's a a good man. Good man. BitChute. Are we going to have to make BitChute the future or is

BitChute a cop out? I think it's a bit of a cop out because it doesn't work right sometimes and I have problems with it sometimes but I don't know. At least I can now access him who was banned. Another thing though, a word of warning besides that it's strong and you should be really careful and you should just if you decide to do it I don't recommend it I mean for me I recommend it but for anybody else I don't really recommend it because I've seen how people react to it but it's the best for me to be able to rework my brain in the in the direction that I want to be like I'm in Canberra. I'm in the capital of Australia.

It took me five years of homelessness to be able to get here, and I'm in a good spot right now. And if I want to continue school after this, I can get the advanced diploma. And game development, how cool. I could work at a triple-A studio if I wanted to.

Programming is hard for me so I'm going to have to use the camera I guess to rework my brain to like when that time comes to or somehow figure out how to think I am starting to think more like this this this and then but I think about all the options and there's too many options and I'm like what do I do there's so many options and I guess I have to figure out structure maybe maybe I just have to learn good structure which I'm going to be learning C sharp but what I wanted to warn you about is what this drug can do is sometimes you'll be talking and then you just be like at even as you're talking or you'll just stop talking and then like or you come to a natural close to what you said and then you'll forget what you're talking about and you just go uh like so if you if you're about to say something else you just go what were we talking about or or if you didn't um you forget and then the other person starts talking like responding to you and you just go yeah okay I don't know what he's talking about what was I talking about I don't know what I was talking about and it does this kind of um but the thing is I've been like since the little child and my friend Chris said that he's like that too and he doesn't do that he doesn't do any drugs like I've only seen him drink like a few beers max or something like that and he says he's like that so maybe that's just how I am and not the drug but it happens to me quite regularly so So if that happens to you, don't say, I didn't warn you. But if you use it right and you tweak it right and you spend your time right while you're high, you spend it on what you want to focus on and what you want to train your brain to be and how you want to be, how you want to act, then it can really make you smart. Like, look at me. No one can challenge me. And look what I've built.

Most people can do is insult me. So they do. So I get lots of insults. But as far as logically and emotionally applied to life, no one can challenge me.

I've got those fears covered. And the spiritual aspect, I've got all aspects of life covered. because I've spent my life focused on becoming the best person I could, crafting what God gave me into the perfect image that I could imagine. And because I spent so long doing that, eventually you get the Ubermensch.

That's the... you should do some research on that if you don't know what it is. But Frederick Nietzsche coined that. Yes, he coined that, and that was the superman, the overman, the man that goes beyond their own capabilities, possibilities, so then it was taken and made into a comic book and then filmed, and you know the story.

Was it? I know, it's a really old film. I think it was a comic book first. Let's find that out. I think, yeah, it was a comic book first. Let's see when it was released.

1939, during the World War. Quite interesting because Hitler was all about the Übermensch, the Superman. They stole it from Nietzsche. and now nitra on the ubermensch ye lonesome ones of today ye seceding ones ye shall one day be a people out of you who have chosen yourselves shall a chosen people arise and out of it thee



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-039-Morality-of-Science

You now have wings, my love.

If a friend tells you COVID-19 is a hoax, politely correct them. The republic has never looked better. A republic is a state in which supreme power is held by the people and their elected representatives, and which has an elected or nominated president rather than a monarch. There will be no end to the troubles of states or of humanity itself, till philosophers become kings in this world, or till those we now call kings and rulers really and truly become philosophers.

and political power and philosophy thus come into the same hands. Put no trust in a neighbor. Have no confidence in a friend.

Guard the doors of your mouth from her who lies in your arms. For the son treats the father with contempt. The daughter rises up against her mother. The daughter-in-law against her mother-in-law.

A man's enemies are the men of his own house.

It is better to take refuge in the Lord than to trust in man.

Cursed is the man who trusts in man and makes his flesh his strength, whose heart turns away from the Lord. I guess now it's just me battling YouTube like every other creator.

But if the watchman sees the sword coming and does not blow the trumpet so that the people are not warned and the sword comes and takes any one of them, that person is taken away in his iniquity. but his blood I will require at the watchman's hand so we're going to act like we did it not really do it but because we acted like we did it we in reality really did do it and let's just get rid of their military so they have no means of protecting themselves yes brilliant they're protesting at your home my love we won't allow you to have nuclear weapons because we have nuclear weapons and if you had nuclear weapons then we would be on an even playing ground and we don't want that it is that time isn't it Aaliyah is the immigration of Jews from the diaspora to the land of Israel, also defined as the act of going up, that is, towards Jerusalem. Making Aliyah by moving to the land of Israel is one of the most basic tenets of Zionism. I am the light of the world. Whoever follows me will never walk in darkness, but will have the light of life.

Lucifer is the light bringer. Lucifer is the morning star. Wendell, have sent my angel to give you the testimony for the churches. I am the root and the offspring of David and the bright morning star.

So again, they take scripture, they take what we know which is Jesus Christ being the light of the world, and they've made Satan the light of the world. One and the same is the logical formulation of the expression, meaning the same person or thing. Just think about it. Before Jesus came, the law was under Jewish tradition, and when Jesus came, he broke apart from the law of God and instead instated faith.

Jesus was a rebel. In fact, the ultimate rebel. If you have been practicing your religion since the dawn of time, and then someone comes and tells you that your religion is no longer valid, what does that propose? It's an obvious defiance against God, or at least the way in which Judaism portrayed God.

Because the devil is also a rebel.

I come to reveal to you that all of your religions are rubbish. Is this not defiant against God, or at least how they portray him? My purpose on this plane is the same as the purpose of Jesus. I am continuing his work because I am the same soul reincarnated.

one and the same they are in fact one single person or thing i said before that he is not my friend because he name calls but i still love him however he is my friend he spends his life dedicated to God and I love him very much. The only problem I have with him is he doesn't reveal his name or his face and I find that this connects you from your audience and I don't like that. However, he has done very well for himself. His other channel has over 500,000 subscribers.

However, he does not use that anymore because they demonetized his entire channel because of his content. I hate how YouTube plays around with people's livelihoods like that. What I think is really disgusting is when you see a music video on YouTube and it's about evil stuff and objectifying women and stuff like that, and they have millions and millions of views, which is all of the music that is evil that I find. So, we have millions and millions of people loving this evil music, and people like me that have 30 subscribers that actually have content that is meaningful.

Almost all rock stars in this world have sold their soul to Satan. They did not get to where they are merely because of their talent. Most of them don't have any talent. almost anyone can make a catchy song if they train hard enough to be able to do so i have seen many bands that no one knows about because they have not yet sold their soul to the devil If content has true meaning behind it, it will likely be shadow banned, and it will be very difficult, if not impossible, for content creators to succeed under their current satanic model.

If you noticed, I did not exclude religious music as part of this satanic operation.

That was intentional.

I just wanted to mention that I do not censor people. If someone is extremely cruel to me, I will block them, which prevents them from making further comments on my videos. however I leave their comments up and any comments that are rejected is not from me but actually from YouTube so I'm not censoring however I do remove people who are cruel to me from their ability to be able to continue to be cruel to me I just wanted to mention that the government funding for my new school is new government funding. This is a new program that they have implemented, so the timing is absolutely perfect, because I would not have been able to take this course if it was not for the funding, and the funding was just implemented, so it's amazing how God works.

Because with God, all things are possible.

There is this new movement currently going on that advocates defunding the police. Wouldn't that be an amazing world to get rid of those fucking dickhead police officers? But if you got rid of the police, then who would stop people from doing bad things? I know most of the time the police are harassing good people, but sometimes they actually do their job and protect the people from others who are a danger to us, the public.

I say, take the guns away from the police officers. That will shrink their huge penises just a little bit. A few days ago, I had the idea that I could probably include a Bible in the game Ivory Heart and get the users to do research from particular questions or something like that using the Bible. Then I did a lot of research on copyright and I can't do that because the Bible is copyrighted like every single version of the Bible is copyrighted Except like there's an open-source version or something like that that's done by the community or whatever But how pathetic is that that I can't include a Bible in my game a

mainstream type popular Bible in my game because the copyright doesn't allow for it. Do you think God will be happy that you copyrighted his word? Like, that's so messed up. It's the same with the Koran, almost.

The original Koran is public domain, but that is in Arabic, so any translations are copyrighted. So, the only way that you could use the Koran in your work is if you keep it as Arabic, which means you're forcing your audience to know Arabic. It's so pathetic. Like, copyright is one of the worst ideas that humans have ever invented.

The U.S. is the most dickhead country in the entire world. They think they are the center of the universe, and they are extremely ignorant.

They love their ignorance and embrace their enslavement. As I stated before, I have a fascination with buildings, especially really big and well-made buildings. They keep me in awe, like, wow, how could we have done that? and buildings are very beneficial to protect us from harsh environmental conditions.

I'm not sure if I like buildings or dislike them because they are so artificial and they're kind of removing ourselves from the world God put us in and then placing us in our own artificial environments. I'm not sure if buildings are divine or evil because it's like synthetics you know we create electronic vapes to help people quit smoking and we make synthetic cannabinoids uh to get high in a different way a better way in my opinion um so this whole artificial versus nature thing like i've done a lot of contemplation on it and i kind of like artificial and the thing is is God gave us all of the resources enable that enable us to be able to create these artificial products so even though they are artificial they still come from because we're just using the elements in which God has provided to us and if we combine them in a certain way or whatever then they make something new which is artificial but the ingredients in which we're using to make the artificial are natural same with buildings so I thought a lot about this and and artificial applications make it a lot more comfortable for us to live in this life the only thing is is that we have to really consider the long-term ramifications of these things are they really of benefit or they hurting our psychology in the long run artificial versus natural has always been a big thing it's like what are you going to choose and sometimes some people present artificial versus natural to be like God versus the devil and it's not like that that's not how it works we need to consider how we're obtaining these materials though because we tend to use slave labor from developing countries in order to mine these resources that are required in order to obtain these luxuries so if we're exploiting one group of people in order to make our lives more comfortable then that's evil another thing is genetic manipulation that's that's playing God there's there's the line right there but that line can be crossed when it's crossed with God when you hold hands with God to achieve something that means that God's involved but you see science doesn't involve God at all so they are genetically manipulating what people embryos animals insects whatever without considering the moral ramifications of that because when you include God then you automatically include morals and science could care less about morals they're not interested in morals they're interested in developing itself for itself for the sake of itself indefinitely which that's not good because that means that science has no goal and when something has no goal then it tends to do whatever it wants to achieve whatever like if it has no goal then what are you aiming for what's the whole point science aims to explain and understand science as a collective institution aims to produce more and more accurate natural explanations of of how the natural world works, what its components are, and how the world got to be the way it is now. The findings of science are neither moral or immoral, according to Hume. David Hume's distinction between is and ought is not a distinction between doing science and doing religion.

It is a distinction between being and acting.

You see, science itself has no spiritual inclination. It is all about how you use it. To obtain that science, one might commit immoral actions. The data itself is neither moral or immoral. It's the action. What it took to obtain that data. Is that moral or is that immoral?

Morality cannot be a part of science. The scientific method cannot answer moral questions, although it can describe the norms of different cultures. That makes science secular.

Do not be conformed to this world, but be transformed by the renewal of your mind, that by testing you may discern what is the will of God, what is good and acceptable and perfect. Go ahead and test the waters, because I am presenting fact to you, and this fact can be assessed merely by you investigating it on your own.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-040-Awesome-God

Check out this dialogue in The Outer Worlds. It's really funny.

I'm committed to taking as many drugs as possible, so count me in as well. Head on into the meditation room and partake of this sacramental incense. It's waiting. Suffering is caused by trying to control reality, clinging to the way you want things to be, not enjoying the way they are.

Existence is simpler with your eyes closed. It takes courage to open them. We have a wedding photo now, my love. How beautiful is this.

And a new background image. We are getting it in widescreen soon. An image that I can use over and over again for the rest of my life. How perfect.

My friend Pinku is always great with hidden meanings. The stairway to heaven. For now, Enos is the one who guards it. Enos is the way and the truth and the life.

No one comes to the Father except through her. If people let the government decide what foods they eat and what medicines they take, their bodies will soon be in as a sorry state as the souls who live under tyranny. The government forces this medicine upon me. I have no choice. They incarcerate me if I stop taking it.

If I stop taking it, then they will give me a Depo injection every month. And I really hate needles and the Depo really messes with me because it's slow release and whatever chemicals they're using in their slow release messes with me. You can find out more about that in the show Rebirthing. The thing I find sad about the outer worlds is the only romantic relationship that they focus on is a lesbian one.

I think it is really messed up how people that are sick are now being treated like they have the plague. If you are sick, then you are automatically assumed to have COVID-19, and you're not allowed to leave your home if you're sick, which can be very difficult if you need to get things. People get sick, it's not necessarily going to be COVID-19. Isn't it stupid to assume that?

If the police were defunded and removed, then I'm pretty sure that if chaos begins, then martial law will be implemented where the military will police the populace. Do you want the police policing you or the military policing you? The show Cops was cancelled because of all of these protests and riots going on. The workers are in order to every fitness tracker.

They can get something by pulse or heart rate in order to start demanding access to this kind of activity.

this is really interesting because it tells me the age of my audience and my audience most appeals to 25 to 34 year olds very interesting i was really worried about this winter because i'm not good in the cold but i've been acclimatized very well now and i work fine in the cold because I have heaters now and I got really good clothes that keeps me warm so I'm really happy and comfortable in the winter now. I've been through so many harsh winters homeless in the bush and it feels really good to now have a home where I can have heaters and where I can collect appropriate clothing and protect myself from the cold environmental conditions of Canberra. I've been monitoring the temperatures in Canberra compared to the rest of Australia and Canberra seems to be the coldest place in Australia the majority of the time which is really strange because it's really near Sydney and the temperatures between Sydney and Canberra are significantly different but Canberra is surrounded by mountains so I guess the gust of wind or something makes it a lot colder. I pay my electricity bill automatically.

$30 every fortnight comes out for my electricity bill and it's been collecting over the last few years and now I'm like $100 in advance with my bill. I really only need to pay $20 per week but I'm paying $30 and that makes it where I can use my heaters without caring at all because the money's already gone. It is removed before it enters my account every fortnight. So I can put on my heaters and not worry about paying a large bill later for it. Like I've got all the energy I need already paid for in advance. And to be

honest, I think soon I'm going to have to drop it down to 25 or 20 because it's just going to keep on collecting. But maybe not because this winter I'll use the heaters a lot. We'll see. I'm pretty sure it still keeps on collecting because the last time I was like 50 because I get the bill every three months and the last time I was like 50 in advance and then I'm a hundred in advance now. It's pretty cool. I really, really like paying bills before I get the

money. I would do that with my Vodafone if I could. However, they don't have the capabilities to do it with Vodafone, so Vodafone is my only expense, and everything else is expendable income. I guess I've got to buy food, but I go to the food hut once a week, and I spend $5 on like $30 or $40 worth of food, and I probably only spend like $10 or $15 extra and that's almost been like fifteen to twenty dollars per week on food which makes it really easy and it enables me to get drugs and and not worry about bills I just got a monthly phone bill which is my internet as well I share my internet out through my phone and I get 50 gigs and then it shapes it so it slows me down after 50 gigs. I usually spend the 50 gigs within the first week or week

and a half, and then the rest of the time I'm shaped on 1.5 megabit, which can be annoying when uploading videos. It can take a very long time, but I don't mind so much because 1.5 megabit is still pretty fast. It does what I need to do, and it enables me to be able to watch videos while uploading so it doesn't ruin my internet experience while it's uploading I can still use the internet it's just a little bit slower the Department of Housing just paid me 250 bucks because of COVID-19 so that means I can spend $50 on drugs and $200 to pay off my studies so I will no longer owe anything for the next six months of my studies there is a reason why I am in Australia because no matter how much it denies it Australia is a socialist country and I absolutely love using your tax dollars so that I can do drugs get a good education and have a home let's get high on life and drugs God will use us whenever God wants to use us don't worry about how many views you receive over the last 10 years you have been blocked out of every single method to advertise so I don't know what to do about advertising anymore because I can't advertise because I'm blocked everywhere it is okay because the truth will be revealed eventually because I am documenting it all it matters not if this truth comes out in my lifetime or not I was walking home and me and this other guy ended up jaywalking together and then we kind of laughed about it and then we had a chat and he's a really nice guy and I gave my card and it was really cool it's really cool experiences when you meet interesting and kind people out there in the world because there's not many of them thank you so much God everything oh rip my shirt to prove it my essence is yours and I will dedicate just as I have been since childhood my entire life in attempts to save the world and I detail every aspect of it so if you want to be smart then you'll turn away from science and you'll look at what I am talking about because what the knowledge that we can manifest as a result of continuous input so what you do with your time okay look look like what What I do with my time is, yes, it is trying to wake you up as to there's no difference between race or whatever. Look beyond that.

I hate when they go, oh, Black Lives Matter and stuff like that. These are all agendas that are being set up. All lives matter. It doesn't matter who it is and if there is some racial discrimination that's going on which can't be tracked through the actions over time.

So eventually it would catch up with them. I made them all look stupid because no one ever can argue with what I'm saying, but they just go, uh, yeah, and then they go, oh, he's schizophrenic. I was like, what the crap, man? But just doing this is an amazing process because you have to first decide whether the take is good enough or not. If it's not, you just, like, you see that I would probably do it again because that was in the background.

Um, so, oh yeah, I got another one, um, so I probably mute my phone or something, and I have like four or five that I had to delete, so it's a long, it's hard to do it, it's, uh, you're stitching everything together, um, and sometimes I say something wrong, and I'm like, oh, should I let it go? And I'm like, yeah, I'll let it go. Or sometimes I'll actually go back and I'll re-record it or something. But I rarely do that.

Sometimes I'm just like, oh, I don't care. But most of the time I'll say things pretty precisely.

And this, because you're going through my day-to-day activities, you can zoom in anywhere. You can, like, I'm the first person that's ever done this before. so who cares, and the thing is if you do it then we all can do it and if we're all just trying to be cool and nice and happy and loving towards everyone and we make those our stars And we like, uh, screwed mainstream attempts, like, go all, yeah, like, uh, see, I would've normally gone, okay, that was not good enough, so I'll have to restart it, so, yeah, but, um, you got the idea, though, and it's cool having this, because I can just go, you know, I love you, or I can just go, you know, 666.

ALT 666, um, on my left, yes, okay, that's it. Our God is an awesome God, He reigns from heaven above with wisdom, power, and love. Our God is an awesome God. Our God is an awesome God. He reigns from heaven above with wisdom and power and love.

Our God is an awesome God. 200 bucks. Well spent.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-041-All-Lives-Matter

the only place I can post to. I have serious issues and I'm not saying anything that's worth a damn

because everybody know more than I at this point in 2020 and I ain't showing nothing new because they are woke AF 100% boy. It's funny because I can do whatever I want and what's it to you and why are you watching my stuff if you don't like it and what would you go like through that effort to hurt me? It's funny because almost all the feedback I get is insults. So I can just exploit it because anybody who is actually smart will realize what I'm doing here.

The human population has become morbidly stupid. Speaking only low registers of English competently and is profoundly anti-intellectual. Maybe I'm not that smart, but I am smart enough to press the record button when the end of the world is unfolding. Our founders understood religious freedom not as a creation of the state, but as a gift of God to every person and a right that is fundamental for the flourishing of our society.

They use the image of charity. Philanthropy, if you will. They use the illusion of doing good, and within that, do a lot of bad things. Right? So they use the U.S.

Maybe we should stop being woke and instead be awake.

Don't people realize that when they speak, they speak how intelligent they are? That one place that I can advertise on Reddit, the Illuminati group, oftentimes will block my post. But I still post there because sometimes they let it through.

There is this really strange agenda going on where black people approach white people and tell them to get on their knees and then apologize for their white privilege.

I was homeless for four years out of my life. How privileged was I? It matters not what color you are. We all have to build our life, from the ground up.

If I am to apologize for my privilege, it will be to developing countries. If you see color, then you are my enemy, and it matters not what color you are. It's more class than it is race, and now race is being used to deflect attention away from the failures of people running those institutions.

The question is why are black kids failing in school systems run by their own people? If we continue to look at life through a racial prism, when evil wears a black face, it will escape detection and therefore correction. I have met a lot more homeless people who were white than black black communities here tend to stick together whereas there's not really any white communities if you're white you're on your own we will see how it goes because I never planned too far in advanced but it would be really cool if I could take the advanced diploma in game development as well. That'll be fun. We'll see. It doesn't matter. If I take the

advanced diploma, then I am set to work at AAA game development studios for the rest of my life.

Hmm. It would also teach me a lot of skills that I want to learn, so I would be taking it for the information and not for the qualification. They don't want to see us unite. All they want us to do is keep on fussing and fighting. They don't want to see us live together.

All they want us to do is keep on killing one another. This is how they divide and rule see it isn't a movement it is an organization i work for black bodies matter i'm sorry that i scared you but since i work for that company my ceo has told me to come out today and to bring you on your knees because you have white privilege she did it I work for that company, my CEO.

Here are the details of my new course in game development foundations.

There is a big myth that old people are wise and there could not be anything further from the truth. I have met many, many old people, and very few of them are wise. It matters not how old you are, whether or not you have wisdom. The only way a few can rule the many is if those few divide the many.

White people have to get on their knees and apologize for being white, which is for me is, I mean, what more definition of racism do you want? When a bunch of white people get together saying that their lives matter, we call that the KKK. When black people do it, we call that Black Lives Matter.

Since David has been kicked off YouTube, I will regularly include highlights of his videos, like I have already been doing. But, I still have to be careful for copyright, so I'm still limiting myself to 10 seconds. I don't think David would mind about the copyright, but it is better to be safe than sorry. And I don't have any ability to contact him.

This one is going to be a little over 10 seconds. Let's see if YouTube will complain. The same network that was behind slavery is the same network that is funding Black Lives Matter today to divide a million. And mind control cannot survive questioning and people researching to see if something is true or not.

And then he's pressed enter and they've reacted like a computer. It's because they are not real people. They are non-player characters. NPCs.

I tried to get in contact with David a while ago to see if I could get on his iconic platform. However, he never replied to me. me. If education is brainwashing, then there is no field that I would be happier to be brainwashed in than in games. I think that the masks are really stupid. Just think about

it. Why does everyone need to wear a mask? If I go outside of my house without a mask, Am I really a danger to the people in society? If a mask really does protect you against viruses, then shouldn't I be able to go outside without a mask?

Without infecting those who are wearing a mask? Logic. The same rules apply with vaccinations. If I choose not to get a vaccination, then how does that affect the rest of the public?

If their vaccinations really do work and I get sick, then shouldn't they be protected?

Forced vaccinations do not make sense. If you really do think that it protects you, then get it. Otherwise, leave those of us who don't want it out of your agenda. There is neither Jew nor Greek. There is neither slave nor free. There is no male and female, for all are one.

Do not judge by appearances, but judge with right judgment.

For God shows no partiality. I just realized that my school is on Tuesday and Thursday evenings, which is the same time that Food Hut is on. So I won't be able to attend Food Hut anymore. so i'll be paying full price for my food oh well i don't eat that much anyway it doesn't matter anyway because i don't really like most of the food that food hut has i pretty much use food hut to get milk i love milk and i pretty much live on milk i don't do very well with solid foods I don't eat many solid foods, but I drink a lot of milk.

If I was homeless in the U.S., I would see a different story. If you pull on the slot machine arm enough, you will win. And you never know which pull will reward you. When the people fear the government, there is tyranny.

When the government fears the people, there is liberty.

My religion says that I... It makes it so I'm not allowed to pump dead baby fetuses into my arm. We have a wedding photo. Yay!

I beat the outer worlds. It was a pretty good game. wedding video has now been updated with the new thumbnail this is such a cool picture I really do love it and it's filled with meaning we are going to need to revive you my love necromancy is the practice of magic involving communication with the dead either by summoning their spirits as apparitions, visions, or raising their body. Enos come out take off the grave clothes and let her go. So in the age of AI where data is the new oil, China is the new

Saudi Arabia that's because artificial intelligence works better the more data you give it and China is producing more data than anywhere else in the world the social credit initiative calls for the establishments of unified record system for individuals, businesses, and government to be tracked and evaluated for trustworthiness.

Trustworthy. Able to be relied on as honest or truthful. Bitter for sweet and sweet for bitter. Their definition of trustworthiness means that you are a brainwashed pleb that will do as they expect.

And using that to implement an incentive or punishment system. A high social credit score can land you discounts on public transportation. a low score can get you banned from public transportation. We thought that we were searching Google.

We had no idea that Google was searching us. When we are on the internet, when we are browsing, we are leaving behind digital traces of our behavior. There was once a time when Google displayed the same results for everybody, but those days are gone and are changing at a rapid pace. Google search results are different on different computers.

There are many factors that affect the Google search results you see. Google seeks to provide the best results for individual users. This means that they want and expect search results to be different from person to person, and that people searching in the same office may see different search results. provide a free service, and in exchange, collect the user's data.

One showing that by adjusting their feeds, they could make users happy or sad. Private corporations have built a corporate surveillance state without our awareness or permission. These are all things that could be used for good, but is currently being used for evil. They show off cameras with AI that can track cars and identify individuals by face, or just by the way they walk, and detect those in need of re-education in scores of recently built camps.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-042-Music-and-Life

While people are saying, peace and safety, destruction will come on them suddenly, as labor pains on a pregnant woman, and they will not escape. My YouTube is now back on there, and my internet movie database and my website are now on there, so this little author pane is really cool because it's actually doing what I want it to do now. A call for an uprising has not posted any videos in six days, so he was really serious about getting off YouTube. It's a shame.

There we go. Now when we go to our website, it's just us and the first item is our show. I also put the About section at the very bottom. I have not had any luck whatsoever using the name Open Source University as my platform.

so I won't worry about that anymore it is very cool how I set up this web page because I don't need to edit the web page I just need to upload new videos to this and that automatically puts them in this playlist so how cool is that yeah so what say you have to scroll through it a little bit to find the right episode because they're not in order, because it orders them like episode 1, episode 10, episode 11, episode 12, with all the ones, and then it'll go episode 2, episode 20, episode 21, so it doesn't matter. You can just scroll to the one that you want to watch. It's a little annoying how archive.org arranges them in that way, but it doesn't matter. It does not remove from the functionality or the experience of it whatsoever. Well, this is my life. Finish with. I'm so glad that I have

this one show that I can just keep on making for the rest of my life. It makes my future predictable which makes my living more comfortable this image is so beautiful let's find another way to use it I guess they will look more professional from now on I wonder if my new school will allow me to develop ivory heart the game on their clock or if they'll require me to do some stock standard type games or something my body of work is absolutely enormous and if I made that with the first 36 years of my life imagine what I could do with another 36 years there we you're all done good job I have been recording the audio book ivory heart I've already recorded it previously however the quality was not good enough so that's what I've been doing lately is just recording audio chapters. I recommend all of my books and you can read them on my website and they also have audio versions to them. I made it so that you can load the page up on your phone and then play the audio and then lock your phone and then walk around while listening to my books. So no one

has any excuses not to read them. Have I done a good job at combining our names together my love? Because we linked our names together my love, when you search for your name on the internet I also come up even before we got married which is strange but it's linked us very cool so your name my love is now linked to to me. However, my name is not yet linked to you.

The internet has had my entire lifetime to build my profile, so it will take time for it to update it. If we can get artificial intelligence thinking that you are alive, then that would be pretty cool. Maybe not alive, but at least acknowledge our marriage and her autonomy. How many people dedicate their entire life to a dead person?

Let's confuse the shit out of artificial intelligence. For AI to understand what you do, a lot of people need to be doing it. That's how it gets its data, and I'm doing something entirely different. To be honest, humans don't even understand why I do what I do, but that is of no surprise because humans are not very smart at all and even the stupidest AI could run all over them.

A once-in-a-century crisis creates once-in-a-century opportunities. The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom. this is wrong because when you level up you get more powerful not weaker life is super easy for me i just do what i tell myself to do in the future i have absolutely no stress and i'm organizing my life to make that a permanent occurrence. University is very stressful because you can fail, whereas technical schools like the Academy of Interactive Entertainment, They not only give you a year to complete all of the modules, but they also give you a year after that just in case you didn't finish them all for some reason.

So there's no stress with that because if I don't do well, then I just keep on working until I do well. I like that model a lot better than the university's model. I have had some very stressful times in university. I don't like the possibility of failing.

If I don't do something well enough, then I should be able to try again and again until I get it right. And through that process, I will be properly educated. It's kind of a mute point because I am brilliant and I succeed at everything that I do. However, I'm still fighting for it because I don't think it's a good thing to combine education and stress.

The true point of education is to develop your character. How does an exam develop your character? We should not be testing on know this and know this and know this. Instead we should be testing on the character that we build for ourselves and how that reacts in a variety of situations.

We should be ingraining the most important parts of our education into our character. So our character reacts automatically from the situations that life presents. I don't have to worry about the future because I know that I am going to make the right decisions no matter what, because it is inbuilt in my character to do so. The one who does what is sinful is of the devil, because the devil has been sinning from the beginning.

The reason I came to this world was to destroy the devil's work. No one who is born of God will continue to sin, because God's seed remains in them. They cannot go on sinning, because they have been born of God. I don't know if the text is the easiest to read, considering how small it is.

however I don't care and I think it's fine we are going to make Google images go crazy with your angel self I have 10 more chapters to record I don't know what I'm going to do after I finish I don't start school until July 21st next month. The countdown begins. I actually really enjoy the feeling of having nothing to do. I always end up finding something to do and I like to complete things as I go on the fly. That's been very difficult for me in the past

because I had a lot of work to complete and it took time to position everything. It took me time to obtain all of the resources I required and then stitch them all together. Maybe I could become a cheap-ass musician. I wanted a liar but that is a thousand bucks a guitar is kind of big and very typical mainstream a ukulele that could work and for 32 bucks it wouldn't matter if it broke I could easily buy another one I I don't know how to play a ukulele, but I do know how to play a little bit of guitar, and there's only four strings, so it will be easier than guitar, and I'm sure there are a lot of YouTube videos that can teach me how to play it well.

I am way more than triple. A triple threat is a person, especially a performer or sports player, who is proficient in three important skills within their particular field. A triple threat can sing, dance, and act.

With God, all things are possible.

Yes, I can.

Tuesdays and Thursdays from 4 p.m. to 9 p.m. And an online open room available on Fridays, which I will definitely make use of. This is interesting. Their little AI is called Ash.

It looks like I was talking to AI. The name Ash has guided me throughout my adventures and whenever I see it I take note of it. Ashley means clearing among the ash trees. I learned about the name Ashley in a dream and when I woke up the forest beside me was being burnt off. How

How cool is my life, playing games is now a part of my work.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-043-Free-Sperm-Bank

Yay, he is posting again. Good job, my friend.

Those white padded rooms you hear about, they're for conspiracy theories.

Then it might be one of the last videos I do, but I'm not going anywhere.

I found a cool little tuner that has all the main chords. Pretty cool. They are publicly active, but if you identify this fact to the world, then they will lock you up.

I support the One World Government. Remember, divide and rule. They have already done that. I actually support most of the ideals of the occult because they don't realize it, but it will all backfire on them.

For their vision affects everybody, great and small, rich and poor, free and slave. Social equality is a state of affairs in which all people within a specific society or isolated group have the same status in possibly all respects, Possibly including civil rights, freedom of speech, property rights, and equal access to certain social goods and social services They might be on the top now, but eventually we will flip it So the last shall be first, and the first last for many may be called but few chosen ye lonesome ones of today ye seceding ones ye shall one day be a people out of you who have chosen yourselves shall a chosen people arise and out of it you In the TV show Reno 911, the police are incredibly corrupt. However, they are usually kind to people and don't automatically want to incarcerate them. They have to do a lot in order to be arrested.

My experience with police over my life, especially here in Australia, is that they are extremely aggressive. I would prefer corrupt cops like the ones on Reno 911 than the real cops that we get here in Australia. Australia. This is the first song that I will learn and perform with my ukulele when I get it.

Look forward to that. I am going to have to change some of it though and maybe add more to it. It is a really beautiful song. Amen. I have to figure out how to become a professional musician

all by my lonesome without anyone helping me this is in the background a lot so I just wanted to show it to you this came from a cell that off your tree had a few years ago and after it finished they gave me the poster the reason I like a a $32 instrument so much is because you don't have to be careful with it. You can use it and not worry about getting scratches or anything like that, which is what I like. I like to use my equipment without having to worry about keeping it in perfect condition. Islam is an amazing religion.

Although I really do hate how they promote polygamy. Muhammad had 13 wives. I think it is sad how I did not have children in this life and now that I'm married to Enos, I'm definitely not going to be having children in this life. I always dreamed of raising a child into wisdom.

That is the one thing that I wanted that God did not give me. My family tree stops at me. My brother had kids though, so at least the genetics will live on. I will never cheat on Enos.

That is not an option. Now consider the commitment that I made in making this TV show. Over 10 years, God showed me how the girl that I need in my life is not in this world. So I made a deal with God and gave up my ability to have kids and as a result get the woman of my dreams in heaven.

If there is a woman good enough out there and they are interested in my sperm then maybe we can work something out. I have a lot of sperm and I can give that away for the rest of my life. Maybe I will actually end up having many, many, many kids. Women out there, look at the genetics.

Who wants some sperm? If you want it, I will not give you child support, but you will get the amazing genetics. Because you see, our genetics are constantly evolving in the areas in which we practice in life. My sperm is completely different than my brother's sperm because I spent my life in virtue and my brother spent his life in wickedness.

And I would not even have to associate with our child if you did not want me to. however how cool would it be to say hey that guy on tv yeah he's your father please understand though that it would merely be a sperm donation there would be no romantic relationship my heart is enos's i know that i could just regularly donate to a sperm bank and that would obtain me a lot of children however the women would not be worthy And if you approve of me being a part of our child's life once they get old enough to speak, then I will give you my sperm for free. You would only have to cover the cost to get it to you. However, if you want my sperm, I am going to have to get to know you to ensure that you are worthy of it.

You start to realize that the way that we decode reality is the same as computer games. If it was easy to be good at law enforcement, wouldn't we be? Think about it. Think about that.

Eugenics is the study of how to arrange reproduction within a human population to increase the occurrence of heritable characteristics regarded as desirable. yay I sold another book this time The Great Awakening just one I've probably sold like 10 in total now so that's more than one a year that's good I have done really well for myself considering that most of my content insults my audience because you are so stupid and i am trying to show you how to become smart all the world's a stage and all the men and women merely players i have had people ask for my sperm a few times throughout my life but i was not ready then because i was looking forward to my wife little did i know at that time that my wife is dead Something very cool that I noticed is the more videos I make, eventually, the more views I get. So, I make new videos, and the new videos get the majority of the hits, but the other videos collect hits naturally. So, my work is doing good, and I'm working really hard to get out of being shadowbanned, and I think it is working.

Albuquerque Mayor announces plan to shift police resources to unarmed social workers. Amen. Wow, one of the five eyes is actually against Israel. Interesting.

Okay, so we have a year before his Neuralink project is supposedly going to be successful. For the first time in my work, I am gaining momentum. That means that even as my new videos get new views, all of my old videos are slowly but surely getting new views. And you can see it was like June, June, June, and you can see it going up and up and up and up.

If you properly create work from the past, then it will also work for you in the future. the views go up and up but my subscribers are very slow to increase I hope that changes I know it has caused lots of craziness in society but I really like social distancing because I don't like getting close to other people So, I'm living in my ideal world while everybody else is living in a chaotic world. My ideal world is chaos.

Even old men can have good sperm. However, the male fertility generally starts to reduce around age 40 to 45 years when the sperm quality decreases that gives you 10 years but don't worry too much because it is still possible even when I am old if no one takes up my offer then my genetics ends here how cool would it be if we could all sing this song. Father Wendell had many children, had many children, had Father Wendell. I am one of them and so are you. So let's all praise the Lord. Right on

Father Wendell had many children. I lived in Mexico City for almost a year. That was when that terrible earthquake happened that was interesting uh however it's so packed there like you get into the buses and you're just so crammed in with people and mexico city doesn't have an ability to social distance because there is too many people there there is approximately the same population in Australia as there is just in Mexico City so it's really packed there and it wasn't fun being so close to each other so I'm very glad that I live in Australia and that we follow social distancing I don't care about COVID-19 we should have just done social distancing from the beginning despite COVID-19 who cares have you noticed that all of the mainstream news sources present the same news items we live in a world of 8 billion people yet there is only this amount of news can you say brainwashing brainwashing I have excellent genetics not only my mind but also my physical body we are not fat we have nice hair we don't have any problems physically that are hereditary a ward of warning, though, are genetics tend to think a lot. And if you don't have the appropriate stimuli to engage that overactive imagination, then that will cause mental problems within the child. But you do not need to worry about that.

all you need to do is introduce them to their father's work. I love chaos because I like ordering it. I don't like chaos for chaos's sake. I am just OCD about turning chaos into order. Right now there is a huge race war going on around the

world remember divide and rule there is no difference between people with their color there is only a difference in their heart my new yes I want to create visual effects yes I want to create 3d animations yes I want to master visual storytelling. Yes, I want to be the world's top development studio to make games our new world. I'm such a lucky person. Thank you, God. I'm the luckiest

person in the world. I would want no other life than the life God gave me. Thank you!



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-044-Defund-the-Police

Getting there, I only have to do chapter 18, 19, 20, 21, and then the exploit section at the end because that one's not good enough quality. That was the old one, and that's a really long one, so that'll be annoying. After I finish this audiobook, almost all of my past work is complete. I will only need to make playlists in YouTube for all of my past productions.

That's going to be a long process too. Ivory Heart, the book, is an amazing book. However, it was my first book. And that is kind of obvious because you can tell in my later books that I improved my style quite significantly however that doesn't discount the book please go listen to it or read it because there's great amounts of extremely important information in there everything I'm doing is based off of Ivory Heart not only the book but also the feature film so by experiencing those base foundations you'll get a greater understanding of why I do what I do and why you should do what I do.

Our hypothesis is that these are fanatical people that they have over expression of the VMAT2 gene and that by vaccinating them against us will eliminate this behavior. They are saying religious fanatics, I guess like me, have an overactive VMAT2 gene or some crap like that. And by vaccinating me you can get rid of my spiritual prowess. So, on top is a religious fanatic, which has an overexpression of the VMAT gene, apparently, whatever the crap that means, and on bottom is someone who apparently has normal expressions of the VMAT gene, and they don't consider themselves religious.

So they're trying to fix that by, I guess, removing the ability for spiritual experiences from the human population. It's essentially to turn a fanatic into a normal person. They call the program FunVax. However, I did research on it and there is debate as to whether or not that video is real.

I think it is a little strange how they are starting up sports again. Even though they social distance in the crowds, the players themselves are not social distancing because otherwise the game would not be able to be played. So, you're implementing double standards there, where one group has to social distance, which is most everybody, and then the few elites don't have to social distance. It would have sucked to live in a pre-technology world, it would have been so boring, but in saying that maybe they actually communicated with each other instead of focusing their lives on TV, hmm, how are we to spend our time?

Not with other people in this age, because other people are fucking evil.

Your phone didn't just suddenly gain the ability to be tracked and traced all the time. It's always been there, not a bug, it is a feature. I like the Corbett Report. He's really cool.

I consume media like mad. Chomp, chomp, chomp, chomp, chomp, chomp. However, most of it is not mainstream. North Korea blows up. South Korea joint office in rebuke of Seoul. North Korea blew up an inter-Korean liaison office on its side of the border in an explosive rebuke to Seoul, South Korea, that appear designed to draw maximum global attention with little immediate risk of war.

Whereas, I would say that first story that we talked about is actual war with zero coverage and nobody paid attention to it. I'm being risky recording more than 10 seconds. Oh well, it needs to be what it is.

Yay, Centerlink accepted my new course as full-time, so I will get paid extra for studying. My father is about to release his first book on childhood education. all of my work is about childhood education we have very different views on it however him writing a book and advertising it will help me out too because we share the same last name What do you think of our new poster, my love? I added all of the episodes to the internet movie database.

The belief in America that if you make a lot of money you have wisdom is one of the stupidest notions the human species can hold. I am very interested in Summer in Mara because it is a 3D game without violence.

They don't have a physical copy, but it is not too expensive, so I will get it eventually.

In Outer Worlds, I am doing a kill everyone run, and it's really funny. I was talking to the computer in the ship, and it was like, oh, now initiating Captain is a Psychopath protocol. It was funny. Last night, I found out that my new school, AIE, also offers all of their courses online, and I don't really like traveling, so that will be good. I'll just transfer to the online school instead of having to go in there.

The U.S. currently gives Israel about $10 million a day, a bill before the Senate that Kamala Harris is a super fan of, would up that number to basically $7,000 a minute. I just beat the outer worlds again by killing everybody, but I could not kill one person. Never mind about Summer and Mara. I've been watching some reviews, and it's terrible. It is a beautiful game, but 67% is still a fail.

I think it is better to do online studies for me than to go into the school. I know it would be better socially if I went in. However, I'm an online teacher and all of the methodologies that they utilize in their teaching, I can learn from and I can utilize the best of them in my own work. So, I think it's a better option for me to do online studies instead of going into the campus.

Plus, I really hate traveling. I like just being lazy at my home. So, I get to be lazy at my home. And that's what I want to do with my work, too.

I want to have a job where I can work from home the majority of the time. Plus, if I went in, I would not finish till 9 and would not return home till after 10. And when it turns dark, the cops patrol the area like crazy and constantly pull me over when I'm walking for no reason, just to ask what I'm doing. and if I was to go into school, cops would constantly pull me over.

I'm walking. I'm not in a car. Like, what the fuck is wrong with our cops? Defund the fucking police.

Replace them with social workers without guns. I'm going to try Bioshock Infinite. It won't take very long at all. Now that is a better rating.

Ratings are not everything though. I bet you that my game, Ivory Heart, will not rate very well. I'm including my books in it. It's very controversial.

It's not easy creating a 3D game that is fun without violence. The truth is that we are not in a race war, but a class war.

It's payday, it's payday, it's payday. Yay, you know what that means? 32 bucks, baby.

Today and tomorrow, I am helping this church paint the new extension of their building. This church is the church that puts on the food hut. My father just published a new book that is 28 pages on raccoons that cost the same as my books. Within a few days he has received more sales than I have from all my books.

Some reason people like trash in this world. Don't get me wrong, I am proud of my father, but we have entirely different views on childhood education, so he's my competitor, and he's about to release a book on childhood education. I released five of them.

So don't think about quantum dot die technology and how that could be incorporated in the future. I am very proud of my dad, and I am going to help him succeed. What a super awesome instrument. I am going to get really good at this.

Every scene is a scene that I want to tell myself in the future, Because I have to relive those experiences oftentimes more than once or twice or thrice or oh yeah. Day 2. We might need to work next weekend as well. I try my best to stay away from kids, but kids really like me and it's really hard because they keep coming to me.

There's a kid there that plays Minecraft and he wanted to tell me all about it because he found out through his father that I'm doing studies in game design. I just put my lip ring in every once in a while so it doesn't close up. However I don't think it would close up because I have piercings that were only in there for a few months and the piercing is still there. I heal very quickly.

If I could live this life over again and do it all again, there is one thing that I would change. I would not get any piercings or tattoos. Very proud of my dad for publishing his first book. Congratulations dad.

They need help from me next week too and not just next weekend. I actually really like my community church. They're really compassionate there and they accept me and love me. Maybe I will start going Sundays again when they start back.

This is the best church that I have ever been to. And that is saying a lot because I have been to a lot of countries, not only around Australia but also around the US. I really like my new ukulele. Give me time to learn it.

This is my church. Wohahahahahahahahaha That's the most I've ever spent on a burger Huge fanboy of Hungry Jack's I love what they do Look how big that is! Woah! Oh my goodness, oh wow, look at that Oh my goodness You see it's like stacked Three, crazy All around the U.S. statues are being pulled down and American flags being burnt on them. It's about time.

products that use black people to represent them are being rebranded and the word chief is being removed from job titles because that's apparently offensive to Native Americans. My ukulele is perfect. I'm going to get really good with it it is a really cool instrument if I would have known how cheap it was before I would have gotten one a long time ago my school just offered me the opportunity to have both face-to-face and online education that's That's awesome! Stuff like this is happening all around the media.

I would've thought so, I'd be like, why would you get rid of her, like, why? She's the face, and look, she's Aunt Jemima, I guess, I don't know, I didn't grow up with her, I'm just saying, like, that's weird. save your soul remember camera from a long time ago that baby if you will never recognize Palestine then I will never recognize you as a world leader never is a big word so what are we going to do now that Israel has denied our state what What is left other than war?



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-045-Rock-Star

I am pretty lucky. How many other people in this world can just make films about what they do in this life? I had to start out with philosophy and since that integrated into my life I had to present my life. So here's my life on display for anybody who's interested I get to spend the rest of my life taking selfies 25 frames per second baby yay just two more chapters good job Wendell the song I wanted to learn first so great a salvation is too difficult for me so I So I have to learn other songs until my fingers get good enough to play chords high up on the neck.

I have been very careful in the way in which I launched my music career, dripping it over many episodes. Soon I will launch my new music career. I used to think it was called a ukulele, but it's an ukulele. So much better than rock band.

It actually teaches you a useful skill. It's called musician. We have reached the apex of our show, my love. So from here on out, it is going to be slow going.

we are waiting for particular events to unfold in the world before we make those productions. It's best if I can teach you by example so you can understand what I'm talking about. So I have to await those examples to manifest in the world. Today I've been doing work at the community hub at my church and I mentioned how it was sad that I can no longer attend the food hut because of my new study schedule however I was reminded that Thursdays the food hut starts at like I think it's 2 30 so I can actually go to the food hut it's just going to be on Thursdays when they open because I start my studies at 4 o'clock this is such great news I I forgot, I thought Thursdays was the same hours as Tuesdays.

Maybe a mind fart because I've known that, I just didn't remember. I remember why I thought I could not go because if I was required to commute it, then it would be too long and I wouldn't be able to go. But now that I can do it online, that makes everything so much easier for me. I'll still go in sometimes, I just don't need to go in all the time.

I just wanted to note, even though I love a call for an uprising, a lot of what he finds bad, I find good. A people without the knowledge of their past history, origin, and culture is like a tree without roots.

History repeats itself, first as tragedy, second as farce. What do you reckon, my dear? It's good enough. I only have the one good quality photo of you, so it was difficult recreating you because of that. There was only one angle.

He gave me a lot of animations for you. How cool is that? We only need a few of them. This is now my favorite instrument in the world. Much better than a lyre. And it is also the cheapest instrument in the world. It cost me 22 US dollars. New.

a really cool busking instrument if that is your thing all throughout my life i have tried to create bands but miserably failed thus i shall go in on it solo and no one will take the stage from me Another really cool thing about the ukulele is it uses nylon strings, which don't break often. It's very difficult to break a nylon string, so when I replace my strings, it will be most likely because they wear out, and it won't be common for a string to break. I've already purchased a spare set of strings, just in case, and I'll receive those in the post soon. It's the elite, given the name now, the 1% symbolically, who are at war with the rest of humanity, and that's why they have to divide us, because if we are responding in unity, then their game is over.

If you are going to threaten Mr. Kim Jong-un, you should go ahead with it. Don't make empty threats. CERN approves plan for a 23 billion 62 mile long super collider, nearly four times larger than current collider.

All COVID vaccines using aborted baby stem cells, group warns. My fingertips are very sore.

We are to be bold as a lion, wise as a serpent, and humble as a lamb.

May be substituted for Rebel Whopper. Yay! Thank you, Hungry Jacks. I love you.

something really funny is I actually did really well in my environmental scan report even though I didn't know what the crap I was doing we're talking about ID chips we're talking about biometrics we're talking about all the stuff that we're pretending is conspiracy theory as they're literally building it implementing it across the country again schizophrenic birthdays have always been hard for me because I don't have anybody in my physical environment that really cares about my birthday but I can't really say that anymore because I had a friend that said hey you want to do something for your birthday and I was like no so that was on my side so my life is definitely improving and the things that normal people care about I don't care about anymore people used to treat me like trash, like I did not deserve to breathe the same air as them. But the times, they are a changing. I've been helping the church paint again today, and I forgot my phone this morning. I have been going the entire day without my phone, and I don't care.

If I wanted to have a party, I could have. I'm going to have a party by myself. Awesome. I prefer the company of myself than others. I am so much more fun than everybody else. And being alone by myself is awesome. Amazing.

My birthdays used to make me sad because I am alone, but I have grown to love being alone.

Yeah, not alone. Hanging out with me best friend, Simon, and I don't even think he knows it's my birthday.

Both my mother and my father said happy birthday. I'm blessed. and me father. Anyway, even though I didn't want to do anything for my birthday with my friend,

he gave me three beers. That was really kind of him. My mother got me this for my birthday, But it hasn't come in yet. I'm still waiting on it. The collection has one, two prequels.

Thank you, God. I am so blessed. Yay! I finished. Good job, Wendell.

What a day that will be when those who spend their lives in ethics and morality are blocked from creating policy. What a day that will be when the wisest of us are refused government positions. That day is today. Welcome to the end of the beginning, my friend.

What a day that will be. What a day that will be. What a day that will be. when ethics is removed from humanity 24 hours of war in the Middle East leaves region shaking the region is undergoing a half dozen wars at the same time that pit Iran and its proxies against the US, Israel, and Saudi Arabia. All done and

uploaded to YouTube. Now that I have finished that audiobook, now truly starts my holidays, so I have to find stuff to do for the next 20 days. How awesome. I will play a lot of ukulele, ukulele.

Such a big relief. I don't know what to do with myself anymore. The first full song I learned on the ukulele, Happy Birthday. Happy birthday to you.

Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday. I love this instrument.

Just going to spend my nights away playing my ukulele. I have now accomplished everything in this life that God has commanded of me. The rest of my life is my luscious retirement. From here on out, it does not matter how I spend my time, but I am trained, so I'm going to spend my time how I trained it to be spent.

Ivory Heart, the game, that will come in time with my career. is no stress about that now and the more that I train in music the better music that I can include in my game. You did so well in all of this Wendell. I am very proud of you. You took something that was impossible and made it possible and

and then showed everybody else how it is possible and what they deem impossible is their own faulty preconceptions playing tricks on them. I am not going to rush these videos. It takes as long as it takes. And if one video takes a week or even two, then that's just how long it takes.

Maybe if I become a rock star, people will start listening to what it is I have to say. I don't think that I'll need you for a while. I have a new favorite instrument. The harmonica was very good when I was homeless because it is so portable.

However, I am not homeless anymore and it really annoyed me that I could not sing and play at the same time. Now I do not have that problem. LA City Council approves first step in replacing LAPD with community responders for non-violent calls.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-046-Jesus-of-Suburbia

My doctor has reduced my sleep medication despite me still not being able to sleep well.

I should be able to access and use the drugs that I need to get through this life healthily. Yes, this is a health issue. I want to be able to sleep when I want to sleep and and medication enables me to do that whereas when I don't have medication my sleep is just really random. I've been abandoned Mexico because they've blocked davidike.com. David looks at being blocked by so many sources as a badge

of honor. However, when that happens, countless people on the platforms that he has been blocked from can no longer access his content. So, is that really a badge of honor? Getting blocked is not a badge of honor. Getting blocked is

society saying that they are too stupid to accept this information. Over in Silicon Valley you have your Facebooks and your YouTubes owned by Google, Google another one, which suppresses the circulation of information by fixing its search engine results. I was talking to my doctor today and told him that I I thrive in chaos, and this epidemic is actually helping me and not hurting me. And he said, welcome to the new world.

He also mentioned how this new world is fit for people like me, whereas the old one was not. The days of forcing nine to five jobs on people are coming to an end. This is the rhythm of the night. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. This is the rhythm of my life. My life. Oh yeah. This is the rhythm of my life. Oh yeah. Oh yeah.

Now that is what you call a triple threat. I tried to get into a worship group at my church and They rejected me and said that they did not have time to teach Not very nice. If you are singing worship songs Then why would you not want to include another musician? Who can not only help out?

but bring a unique instrument into the equation. Worship songs should be sung and played by everyone with the heart to do so. If you are directing a worship group and then refuse a musician into it, that's really wrong. Like, what is God going to say when you die, Nick? The old world was not made for people like me, but

the new world is. But we just have to shed the dead skin from the old world. These old men with their canes holding on to outdated practices. You want to do something cool and actually worthwhile we here on earth don't do that so you'll have to do that alone I am a part of no groups in this world because none of them are doing anything interesting and they reject me from them I don't have many allies. I mostly just have enemies. Many schools around the US from

kindergarten all the way up to university have already mandated the COVID-19 vaccine even though it is not ready. Under what circumstances and how and through what legal process can the state come in and regulate what you can and cannot do with your body what you will have to be forced to put into your body or to your child's body and the government forces medications on me and if i refuse to take them then they give me a needle i like my doctor but what the fuck hey there's this guy who's coming to you because they have problems sleeping so we will reduce his medication for sleeping like what the fuck man Bodily autonomy is defined as the right to self-governance over one's own body without external influence or coercion. It is generally considered to be a fundamental human right. My human rights in this life have clearly been violated, but I will spend the rest of my life attempting to protect the rights of others who the government wishes to violate their rights.

I do not want this shit in my system, yet I don't have a choice.

Isn't it interesting, I guess, the whole my body, my choice thing, that only refers to abortion. My body, my choice. There's another body in there. There's two bodies to think about. My body, my choice. Fuck this.

I have never been aggressive. I have always been loving and caring. Yet, these facts don't faze the mental health industry. And that is what it is, is an industry. A very, very profitable industry.

I can't say no, because if I do, they'll just keep giving me needles by force. Yet I can give my life to those who might be abused in the system like I was. And even though I have managed to remove them from my life, they still force their bad drugs on me. And even though they no longer torture and abuse me face to face, they still abuse me by forcing a medication on me that I don't want in my system.

Our society forces kids to do weird and stupid things. It's really sad because the process just makes our future generations stupider. Our society reckons that they have some sort of control over kids, and they exploit that control for devious purposes. the state essentially gets to sanction behavior at I am growing a different type of beard so this grows out and I shaved the mustache and it's called a lion's mane Abraham Lincoln had one I find it strange how most of the people in this world like to obtain one look and keep that look for their entire lives, like a cartoon character or something, whereas I like to document many different looks.

That way I have many different appearances throughout my life that are documented. I have films that have some pretty bad haircuts in them.

Ugh, my reflected death. Yuck. What I say to people about politics and politicians, don't listen to what they say, look at what they do. If you want something done right, do it yourself.

This is why I became a jack of all trades and no longer need anyone to accomplish everything that I have set out to accomplish. After over 10 years of being cancelled, Reno 911 has rebooted with Season 7. And I didn't realize that. I just thought it was an old show that is no longer being developed.

But they are, so I'm happy. It's a good show. You know churches have practiced music sessions. Why didn't they just invite me to come along and try to play along with them? Not very nice.

I was thinking about building materials and alternative ways to create buildings, specifically skyscrapers, and I thought about plastic because really good quality plastic can last a really long time, and we waste a lot of plastics in this world, and we could recycle them into buildings. and that would be pretty cool people are so stupid in this world they don't realize that if you train them up then they gain an asset whereas if you refuse to train them and force them to learn on their own you don't gain an asset because why would that person want to then help you when you refused to help them. Do you understand what I'm saying? The Bank of England has published the first real data that shows how inequality has increased during the COVID-19 crisis, revealing that those of us who argued that shutting down the economy for a long period of time would wreck working-class people's lives were We're not far right lunatics and granny killers, but just right.

I am learning lots of songs very quickly now. So Great a Salvation was too big of an aspiration to be able to play on the ukulele because you have to play really high up, but most songs aren't like that, so I'm actually doing really well learning a lot of cool songs that I will share with you in time once I'm happy with sharing them. My life, my soul, my very essence, what constitutes me is God's. Everything that I'm doing in this life is for God. Thus my music career will not be an exception and will be

almost exclusively music about God. The exception would be instrumentals and occasionally a song that is secular that still has deep meaning. Look how evil this is. So I want to save it for later. So I'm going to press the save button

and read how pathetic it's the same for this show too stupid so kids can't have playlists just imagine all of the evil things they could do with it in the US they are making microchipping of pets free until the fourth of July weekend Can you say desensitization? No, I can't. To desensitize is to make someone less likely to feel shock or distress at scenes of cruelty or suffering by overexposure of such images. In psychology, desensitization is a treatment or process that diminishes emotional responsiveness to a negative, aversive, or positive stimulus after repeated exposure to it.

Until a Roman soldier grabbed my arm and screamed, You carry his cross.

And so I knelt and took the cross from the Lord.

Placed it on my shoulder and started down the street.

The blood that he'd been shedding was running down my cheek. Thousands are refusing to get tested. relating the virus is a conspiracy. But the health minister revealed this morning that many people are refusing those tests. It is concerning that the

report that I have received is that some people believe that coronavirus is a conspiracy. They have never isolated the virus. That means they don't know what it looks like or anything. So how can you say that this virus exists if you can't show me that it exists if you can show me that it exists and maybe we should talk about that but they don't even adhere to coach postulates which is a system for diagnosing illness and through isolating the virus and they They can't even isolate the virus, so how can they tell me that this virus exists when they can't even show it to me?

And again, they treat conspiracy theorists like we're crazy. Some businesses around Australia are only allowing locals to come into their shop. So they won't allow people that are from outside of the area to enter their shop because of COVID-19. The current photographs that they have of the virus could be any RNA material.

I want to learn the specifics of this virus and how it functions and I want to see that in action. I don't want you just to tell me about it. Maybe the virus does exist. I won't go as far as David Icke and claim it not to exist.

However, if it does exist, then there's definitely some shady things going on in the background because they're being very secretive about all of the information of COVID-19. If it really does exist, then they're sitting on some evidence that can prove that because currently they can't prove it. Anyway, the government has a proven track record of lying to the people. So when should we know when you're telling the truth and when you are lying?

Will you tell us when you are lying and when you are telling the truth? How are we to know? We have to be skeptical. I've been downloading this for weeks.

It's really irritating because it keeps on stopping and then I have to turn it on and then resume the download. Super annoying. There are lots and lots of play alongs on YouTube for ukulele. It's really cool. I'm going to be able to learn it very quickly through many different teachers.

this is Jesus Christ on YouTube Fiverr hi would you be interested in plugging my YouTube channel on your YouTube channel thanks sorry I don't do shout outs on my channel I just read your fucking worthless soul it is funny when the real Jesus meets the fake one. Enjoy hell, motherfucker. My father is currently actually doing what God wants him to do, and I am very proud of him. He is writing book after book, and he is considering how to advertise them, hopefully with courses on YouTube, and I'm helping him with all the graphics and how to publish and everything. And it's fun. Very proud.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-047-Satanic-Panic

Yay! Just finished submitting my audiobook, Ivory Heart, so it should be available on Audible in the next few weeks. Good job. Oh look, Jesus replied to us. It's really funny how you're going to hell, mate. Yep, check out the time.

He claims to be Jesus, yet I just told him he's going to hell and he didn't even respond appropriately. Like, if someone told Jesus that he was going to hell, what do you think Jesus would say? Ha ha, at least you love me, ha ha ha ha ha! Like, how retarded are these people, man?

If you are going to act like you are Jesus, then you should at least act like Jesus acted. That's actually the point that Jesus wanted to make, was become me.

Thanks for taking part in my show. You are now a special guest in my new video, Uploading Now, and you will also be in the next episode, too. I didn't even have to pay you anything for your willing participation. You are such a stupid fucking idiot.

How godly is this man?

I will have Jesus deliver a birthday or anniversary greeting in HD, $15.16. I will have Jesus send you a custom video from heaven, $15.16. I will have Jesus say anything you want in a HD video. $15.16. I will have Jesus create an awesome promotional video. $15.16.

I will have Jesus produce a heavenly promotional video. $15.16. I will have Jesus rock out to any song and praise it in a video. $37.89.

sense. He is even doing the devil horns and the serpent tongue. Do you really think that this individual is going to heaven? For many will come in my name claiming I am the Messiah and will deceive many. Other people make videos for the now. However, I bide my time and work

for the long run and not the moment. I know what gold I'm sitting on and eventually people will begin to understand what I'm talking about, which means that I have a very good chance of exploding one day. So, you know, I'm documenting all of this and it doesn't matter right now. It doesn't matter a year from now it doesn't even matter five or ten years from now what matters is is the long run because i'm the one creating history here and jesus on youtube just like skates around in a cross skateboard and so fucking evil man this world is so messed up sacrilege is the violation or injurious treatment of a sacred object sight or person. This can take the form of irreverence to sacred persons, places, and things. When the

sacrilegious offense is verbal, it is called blasphemy, and when it is physical, it is often called desecration. He's going to look at my channel and go, this idiot only has 33 subscribers, nothing he can do to me will hurt me. Long term mate. To this recent last night they had a little breakout again. They ripped down a statue that was a hundred and ten years old.

Beautiful piece of art. The statue he was referring to was of Albert Pike, a known occultist and Satanist. Here are the monuments that were torn down during the George Floyd protests. So, if there are so many, then why would Trump focus on the one created of Albert Pike?

Isn't that a little suspicious that there's all of these and he only cares about Albert Pike? It's terrible. Do you see what I mean? keeps going, going, going. In the United States, Pike is still considered an

eminent and influential Freemason, primarily in the Scottish right, southern jurisdiction. Pike was quoted saying, the white race and that race alone shall govern this country now let's assess his words again to the street said last night that a little breakout again they ripped down a statue that was a hundred and ten years old beautiful piece of art a beautiful piece of art of a fucking evil man who is being tortured right now in hell but I want to point out if there was ever a statue that needed to be removed it was it's this one that which we must say to the crowd is, We worship a God, but it is the God that one adores without superstition. To you, Sovereign Grand Inspectors General, we say this, that you may repeat it to the brethren of the 32nd, 31st, and 30th degrees. The Masonic religion should be, by all of us initiates of the high degrees, maintained in the purity of the Luciferian doctrine. If Lucifer were not God, would Adonai, Jesus,

culminate, spread false and harmful statements about him? Yes, Lucifer is God." General Albert Pike, 33rd Degree Freemason. From his book Morals and Dogma, Masonry, like all religions, all the mysteries, conciles its secrets from all except the adepts and sages, or the elect, and uses false explanations and misinterpretations of its symbols, to mislead those who deserve only to be misled. The blue degrees are but the outer court, or portico, of the temple.

Part of these symbols are displayed there to the initiate, but he is intentionally misled by false interpretations. It is not intended that he shall understand them, but it is intended that he shall imagine he understands them. Their true explication is reserved for the adepts, the princes, of masonry. This is the statue that should be torn down.

Here is the poem at the base of the Statue of Liberty. Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, the wretched refuse of your teeming shore. Send these, the homeless, temptest tossed to me. I lift my lamp beside the golden door.

And upon her forehead was a name written, Mystery Babylon the Great, the mother of harlots and abominations of the earth. My love, we are going to get some YouTube marketing happening, but we will ensure that we don't get fake subscribers. We need to find our niche and then figure out a way to direct them to our channel. So let's start marketing again.

David Icke reckons that coronavirus does not exist at all, but I think that something does exist and I don't know what we're being told that's true and what we're being told that's misleading and what we're being told that's an outright lie, but there is something going on and there is something spreading so I don't really know and I'm not going to say one way or the other because if there is a virus then I would be providing misinformation I'm just saying that we should be skeptical I do know that they have used this crisis to further their own agenda whether they created the crisis or not is another question. Story could be completely fabricated. Story could be completely manipulated. Virus could be human created.

One thing is for sure though and that is that the virus has been completely blown out of proportion because the people that are dying from it usually have pre-existing conditions and would likely die within a year anyway. David Icke is probably my favorite person in the world. However, I do not believe a lot of the things that he says. I also really like a call for an uprising. He's really cool,

but I also don't agree with a lot of what he says. I look at hearts. I don't look at whether or not we agree. If there are hearts in the right place, then I want to be their friend. If their heart is in the right place and they're trying

their hardest to do good in this world, then I want to follow them and I want to include them in my day-to-day media intake. Some examples. So besides David Ike denying that COVID-19 exists, he also denies that human-caused climate change exists but it's pretty obvious to me like pollution changes the climate and that does lots of damage to our atmosphere and I don't agree with him there although I find his theories very interesting you don't have to agree with what the people are saying in order to include them in your media life it's best to have different opinions anyway you should focus on their hearts and not and not so much on what they're saying honestly that's the best way to do it because the truth comes from the heart and lies come from the brain as for a call for an uprising everything he thinks everything is bad and to be what he's presenting is bad but it's not bad because it's good because God's gonna take it and transform the bad into good so a call for an uprising gets upset about everything and and while he's being upset I'm like yeah yeah it's finally happening yeah yeah the end of the world go bad news is generally pretty good for me. Just think, someone's mean to me? Is that bad news? I then record that and then

advertise how stupid they are? Turn bad into good. If you want to be a warrior for God, that's what you have to do is turn bad into good. Therefore, since we have these promises, Dear friends, let us purify ourselves from everything that contaminates body and spirit, perfecting holiness out of reverence for God.

A technocracy is an ideological system of governance in which a decision maker or makers are elected by the population or appointed on the basis of their expertise in a given area of responsibility, particularly with regard to scientific or technological knowledge. Should we allow our technology to determine our future? Is that dangerous? Whoever controls AI will be connecting and driving the perceptions of humanity.

The totalitarian tiptoe is the world domination method of slow encroachment on civil liberties and freedoms, used by a small few that want to control the world. create or exploit a problem watch the reaction of the people provide a solution that you already had set up when you created or exploited the problem I forgot all about my website like because I'm used to only receiving between like 1 and 10 hits every day but I decided to check these statistics for my website and i'm getting like one to two hundred hits every day that's crazy that's really good so i'm actually getting a lot more response from my website than i am youtube that's crazy because i was usually only getting like you know less than 10 per day usually and now like one to 200 wow that's really cool i'm way more popular on my website now than i am on youtube that's so cool and it's consistent. I'll show you. Look. Okay, so you can do here and see. 123, 129, 98, 134.

You know, like up here and here we go, like 176. It's pretty cool, like really nice. Awesome. it's really strange too because I don't advertise my website at all and my process is just upload my video on YouTube and then advertise the video on YouTube and then after that I'll upload to archive.org I'll show you like I've already uploaded to YouTube my last video and now it's uploading to archive.org and that automatically puts the video in the playlist so I don't update my website at all it updates automatically I just got to upload it to this directory and everything in this directory will then go into the playlist so I haven't even been focusing on my website at all so it's really crazy how I'm getting lots of hits now well I'm surprised I love you Enos thank you for being my wife.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-048-Death-to-YouTube

it was this image that my friend Pinku made of me that kind of convinced me to try out the lion's mane the beard so I don't know how's it looking it's just starting we'll see how it goes I just got paid and my shop is out of stock of my purple haze my drugs the more you are out of stock off your tree the more money you save me because when you have it in stock I just buy it and I keep buying and buying it it's actually really cold today but I'm not feeling it it was like zero degrees just an hour or two ago I'm not sure what it is now it kind of sucks though because since the doctor reduced my medication I have not had a proper sleep in over two days I was looking forward to the spice for the sleep because the idiot doctor reduced my meds I'm having to try this sleep remedy they have never worked before so why would they know they are big chunky things aren't they what do you do with trash you throw it away or recycle it what do you do with people who are trash you throw them away or recycle them the reason I mentioned that is because I had a lady stop me in the complex and then she said oh wait I don't know you so then I kept on walking and then she called me really really rude for walking away from her when she stopped me randomly and then told me that she didn't know me and then she got really aggressive and then she was like just because I live in a ghetto doesn't mean you can treat me like this and the thing is I was like I live here too you're an idiot like so I didn't say you're an idiot but I said I live here too what are you talking about they're so stupid I think that pretty much everybody that lives here trash it was really random too the thing is is that i didn't realize that she was talking to me at first which is why i did not immediately respond to her but she was on her balcony yelling at me down words from her balcony like who does that who goes out on their balcony and starts yelling at people who are walking on the sidewalk can you see how to turn bad into good when bad things happen just document them in a comedic style and then you turn that bad into good can never sleep called my shop again and found out they have black Betty let's go get Bambalam well the first attempt at that medicine did not work it's okay though because spice is most potent when you are really sleepy I want to be able to earn myself enough income to be able to have spice most of the time if you enjoy my content then I would appreciate if you would purchase a book that would be really cool you can buy an audio book on audible or you can buy a physical book on Amazon and that would help both of us out you don't have to though they are free you can actually get them on my website and on YouTube but I do provide the physical copy as well if you want to buy that on Amazon and I also provide audiobooks on audible if you want to be able to carry that around with you wherever you go all the time I have five books available I started publishing my books in 2013 and since Since then, I have received about $24 worth of income from it. It's really interesting how all of my work before Enos Shawkit was sussing out everybody. And then, in Enos Shawkit, I end up choosing sides everywhere. So I find out who my allies and who my enemies are.

it's really funny because it's completely against my culture I'm like that I'm a renegade I'm just like David I a renegade is a person who deserts and betrays an organization country or set of principles having treacherously changed allegiance a turncoat is a person who shifts allegiance from one loyalty or ideal to another betraying or deserting an original cause by switching to the opposing side or party fireworks for ya cuz there ain't no doubt I give my heart to Australia the marketer I hired misunderstood me and thought that I wanted 33 more subscribers when I only had 33 subscribers so then I questioned it and he said that oh well the for the five dollars you only get the 33 real subscribers you get the real subscribers um i'm like if you can really get me 33 real subscribers you know for the five dollars that's pretty cool amazon has announced that they are working on on producing a fallout television show type thing uh but when you uh then look at their methodology they've not isolated the virus at all they've put what they say contains the virus in a tissue culture with lots of other guns including antibiotics and they they want us to believe that's a virus which they've never shown to exist uk's boris johnson will not recognize israeli sovereignty the enemies of my enemies are my allies that is what I want awesome recognize the value of it because it's free so they think I was free so then it's not be worth anything that's a really assumption to me I think I'm going to focus mainly on SEO I could get a lot of views at one time but it would be better to get views drip over time anyway you can tell that it is working it's probably better to work on SEO rather than just advertising one video because in the long run you will get a lot more hits from it in the short term you'll get a lot less but definitely worth it go the SEO search engine optimization is the process of growing equality and quantity of website traffic by increasing the visibility of a website or a web page to users of a web search engine SEO refers to the improvement of unpaid results and excludes direct traffic and the purchase of paid placement I want to create an audience so that I can create a live stream whatever I want and hang out that'd be awesome if I was able to do that then I would never get lonely yes trust God but remember God helps those who help themselves Hercules and the Wagoneer when the gods saw the Wagoneer kneel crying Hercules Lift me my will from the mud where it is stuck. He laughed. No such luck. Set your shoulder, yourself, to the will. The gods help those who help themselves.

Asymptomatic people cannot transmit this. Dr. Batar also says that children can't transfer the virus. I am a pretty antisocial person.

I stay away from people because my ideas are controversial. It would be really cool if I could do a live stream whenever I wanted and just hang out with people. People that are of like mind. I will try to build my channel big enough, and if that ever happens, then every once in a while, I'll just do live streams, maybe even regularly, because we can have some fun, and yeah.

The truth is that my channel has just launched because I am just starting to advertise it now. I wanted to upload all of my videos there and get the ball rolling before I advertised.

CLARPing stands for Live Action Role Playing. Let's do that with our lives. it will be much more fun than this weird job thing that they got going on I am finished with these idiots SEO is really difficult for me because they want me to change the names the titles of these shows to put like random stuff in there and search engines will recognize that better than my very specific naming conventions. YouTube can scan audio and convert that to text to understand what's going on so I don't understand why they just don't use the inside of the video for search engine optimization. It makes no sense. I would rather have

no views and no subscribers than to change my naming conventions. all done painting the church good job see this is how stupid our search engines are so on this video right here we just put in all this crap text like that makes no sense and that improves our SEO how stupid is that it's really hard for me to make a summary about the episode because I'm making so many episodes and I want to talk through video not through text I've already done that with my books it's really awkward because I am like in this episode Wendell does blah blah blah which disconnects me from the content like I'm in the content I'm immersed in the content to then step outside and then look back on is really really awkward to do and it seems really pointless to me because we have the technology to be able to identify the text within video the voice which converts to text and we could use that for SEO so it's really really stupid that we're not using that for SEO remember I work for the long run and not the moment eventually that will happen and imagine the SEO that I will receive then the YouTube marketer that I used on Fiverr did a bad job so I have to now learn YouTube marketing so that I can actually do a good job remember if you want something done right you have to do it yourself yay my strike was removed on YouTube so now I got zero strikes I am having to go through and undo everything that she did but it was not a complete waste as it was very useful because I noticed what she did so that enabled me to then learn what to do okay I fixed it now so now my description is my description and here are my tags that I'm using awesome now I have to do that with every single video I don't think that I can ever avoid my old work no matter what I do it keeps on coming back but it's kind of cool because every time it comes back I use that ammunition again so the ammunition replenishes if all of these videos explode then I might not be able to answer every single question that is directed my way and if If that happens, then I apologize, but I promise if that happens that I'll be frantically going through all of my messages every day to see the important ones and reply, and if I didn't get around to replying to you, then I'm sorry. I'm sure if you hang around me though long enough, then you will be able to communicate with me especially if I end up doing live streams every once in a while I'll leave that image just a matter of time the thing about being a content creator is you're continually developing and increasing your assets so something done a long long time ago can then work for me now and since I have so much of it it avalanche damn and the day that my strike was removed I get another one for an old video and they say it was harassment threats and cyber bullying fuck you YouTube you're a piece of shit and that only happened because I updated the videos with new information I did not upload any new content it was just the tags and the description and gives me a strike that's so evil like YouTube can destroy any content creator like that especially a content creator that has a lot of videos YouTube can easily go through my videos and say we don't like this one. Here's a strike. We don't like this one. Here's a strike. We don't like this one.

Here's another strike. Even if it was the first video I uploaded like years ago. Like that's so weird. Like why will why am I getting in trouble for something I did a long time ago? And why would

they say that I harass people and bully people? I'm just the opposite. I'm trying to figure out how to solve internet cyberbullying and harassment why on earth would you tell me that i'm harassing and cyberbullying people when that's what i'm trying to combat like it makes no sense and they're not logical and they don't care like i just i just uh appealed it but that's not going to go anywhere they don't listen they do whatever they fuck they want and they just they can so easily destroy people's livelihoods yeah we don't like this video that you uploaded like three years ago we don't like this video now that you uploaded like two years ago and yeah you uploaded one a few months ago that we don't like now so we're just there's three strikes like the whole three strike system is totally pointless it means nothing there's no value to it because at any time they can strike you for stuff that was in the past it's really pathetic YouTube is such a terrible platform and I don't know why we're using it as our main platform because most YouTube creators especially YouTube creators that have a different opinion than the public opinion have controversial content and and what like seriously what the fuck are you doing like what you want to build this world where only the people that you say can be content creators can be content creators so you're trying to limit who can influence it other people like and it's so terrible and you can see on my channel I've been shadow banned like crazy and it's like nothing I do can get me out of this box but I see people I see other people that do what I do and then get really successful really really quickly whereas like you know I've been doing this since 2012 this specifically since 2012 video work since 2012 and writing books like why on earth would you want to block and strike and get rid of content so virtuous like my whole life's dedicated to trying to save the world why on earth would you remove content like that and why would you punish people who are trying to save the world what is this the world where where it's illegal to save the world that's a fucked up world I don't want any part of that world like and they I'm when I say illegal it's not just YouTube like YouTube owns your police like the corporations are directing not only the media but also the governments and you can't even tell like you don't even care when I try to put the actually when I try to tell you about these topics you abuse me and when I try to reveal this information to you you abuse me like what the fuck is wrong with YouTube what the fuck is wrong with you what the fuck is wrong with our world I updated the tags and descriptions all the way up to marionettes I will not update anymore because I don't want a strike so maybe I have to wait until this strike leaves in three months and then try to update my videos again why does YouTube make it so difficult to do anything and now I can't upload for a whole week so I guess I'm just going to start collecting videos now to release when I am unblocked from doing so I don't think that there is any chance that I can get popular on YouTube because as soon as a video gets a lot of views YouTube will reassess its content and then deem it inappropriate Satan rules this world remember that if you are succeeding and very easily then Then you are on Satan's side.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-049-Academy-of-Interactive-Entertainment

I woke up this morning without a strike, which means I won the appeal for the strike, which is really funny because I called them idiot fuckers who are going to hell, and that won me the appeal. To be honest, it's probably all robots that both flag it and then are responsible for the appeal. I really highly doubt that any humans are involved in that process because they refuse to tell you times when it happened and they refuse to tell you any context. they won't give you sentences they just send you automatic replies so if they're not giving you human constructed sentences then are there any humans involved in that process the humans are involved with tweaking the AI another thing that is terrible about YouTube is when you get strikes no one else knows but you so you can't upload anymore but the rest of the world thinks that you you're okay but in fact you have no way to speak your voice has been removed by YouTube and other people don't know that so other people think you're just going about your day-to-day business as per normal but in truth you can't post and that's so fucking evil YouTube is Satan incarnate just remember that all actions have a consequence even if you take them back remember this if they ever block me this is where I move to bitch shoot becomes my new home this is my bitch shoot account it has all of my old videos uncensored there is no censorship whatsoever on bitch shoot so if YouTube ever removes me from their platform, then I will just resume continuing what I was doing with BitChute.

The only show that BitChute does not have on it currently is the Enos Shawkit show, and if I get removed from YouTube then I will upload that entire show there. So go ahead and create an account on BitChute, it's free, and then subscribe to me and if I ever get blocked from YouTube you know where to find me there is another way of COVID-19 that's going through Melbourne and Melbourne is pretty much being completely locked down and there's like I think five or six public housing buildings like dense population big public housing buildings that are being locked down and the reason i haven't talked about it until now is because they haven't yet used such draconian measures but what they're actually doing is putting police guards on every single door of these public housing estates so you can't leave like how oppressive is that to have police guarding the doors it's prison they've imprisoned a whole bunch of innocent people it's more than 3,000 people who are locked in their units not houses these are small units how bad would that be on your mind to be locked inside a small unit for so long the minimum amount of time that they're saying that this lockdown will go for is for five days but they're saying that it could go longer too that's so crazy to imprison people it's it's worse than oh stay at home it's now saying we're not going to let you out for any reason which is terrible it's a total of nine public housing towers interesting because this is the most severe restriction that has been placed on a group of people because of COVID-19 from all around the world, so Australia's pretty oppressive. This is what the towers look like, very densely populated. I like this text much more than the other one. It is much easier to read.

finally that didn't take very long at all did it check the dates if you're interested bioshock infinite is a very cool and beautiful game it is not a fallout or skyrim or witcher though however those games are open world and this game is linear so it can't really be compared It's like apples and oranges. Check this out, YouTube now offers closed captions. Trying to convince me to try out the lion's mane, the beard. It's just starting, but we'll see how it is.

Not 100% perfect, but man that is good. Level 0 is for complete beginners with no experience. By level 5, you have the skills to pick up lots of popular songs with chords, riffs, and melodies. By level 10, you are able to master most songs with bar chords, finger picking, and solos.

I am level 7 on my lead I am level 6 and on my rhythm I am level 8 even though I am level 7 I am at a very difficult part now where it is very hard for me to progress so I just have to work on the songs that they have provided and just slow them down a lot and just keep on working on those until I get better with those songs and

Eventually, I'll be able to accomplish those missions and move up, but I pretty much moved to level five very quickly Because I have a lot of experience in music in my past And then level six and seven I've been actually working at my ukulele ukulele to get better and i am getting a lot better and i won't show you yet because i want to be better than i am now before i launch thank you god i am now getting consistent views without even advertising good job i still have not decided whether or not ivory heart will be a linear game or a sandbox game I would like it to be a sandbox game if that's possible like an open-world game that's not linear however a linear game might work better considering the content I have to think about this for a a while. Beards used to really annoy me, but I figured out it's actually the mustache that annoys me. It's not the beard. The beard's fine. I have no problems with this. It's just

this that annoys me, especially when it gets long. So a lion's mane is pretty appropriate. it let's see how this grows I'll have to trim it soon because it's not very even but maybe I'll just let it grow and see what happens an ukulele is a loot how cool is that I really love the ukulele I should have discovered it much earlier than I did oh well there's a lot of time left it's so good I love praising God praising God's like the best thing in the whole world you are braver than you believe stronger than you seem and smarter than you think you are watching this video that makes you different from the rest ahead of them by miles unique one-of-a-kind what are you going to make your life into this is what I I have made my life into. Been installing carpet today. How fun. Thank you mom for the

birthday present. It means a lot. The government gave me an economic support payment because of COVID-19. So, I bought myself a switch. Yay. No longer switch light. The fool thing.

In economics, stimulus refers to attempts to use monetary or fiscal policy to stimulate the economy.

This is really cool getting to play on TV now. Thank you God very much. I'm very blessed. This new switch is awesome. I get it on my TV now, and it's not just portable. Another benefit that I can do with it now is I can record from it. However, I doubt that I'll do that.

God gives me everything that I could ever want. Thank you God. It means the world to me. I'm a very patient man and you have given me everything that I have asked for over a long period of time.

So, I appreciate that you taught me patience in order to achieve and obtain my heart's desires. In my system settings, I had to go to sleep mode and then change both of these auto-sleeps to never. and now it downloads consistently it stays on and doesn't turn off automatically which is what I wanted that was so annoying with the other switch I would wait for weeks sometimes for some games and all I had to do was changed those two options but now I know I had a friend who had a drill who helped me drill these holes so now yeah I can put them on back to you like this it takes time and patience in order to one obtain the things that you need in this life and to manipulate the things in this life to suit your needs sometimes everything in life lines up and we end up getting everything in life that we could ever want first day of school baby the coolest school ever they will teach me how to make games. Here's to a wonderful semester with you and maybe many more. Check out this awesome table. There is only six people in my class

including me. In 1996 the Academy of Interactive Entertainment is established in Canberra my new school coolest school ever it was a very fun lesson very complicated as well however the teacher is really good the teachers are really good at this place because they all come from a foundation of gaming so you are talking with other gamers, you are learning from other gamers.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-050-The-Masquerade

I love to draw a lot, and I could spell the alphabet and count till 50. So now that I have gone in and sussed out the place, I can continue online. I love online studies. I really struggle going to a place and just sitting down for five hours. It is much easier for me to just hang out at my home and go about my business while I'm studying as well.

and it makes much more sense because I don't need to be there because I can learn just as efficiently and possibly more efficiently at home so I love the ability to go in there and to be honest the reason I chose to go locally instead of doing the online courses is because I wanted to develop a relationship with AIE so hopefully I can do the two-year advanced diploma course after this and also have that both on campus and online relationship that would be awesome if I could be both an on-campus student and an online student I really like that I'm glad that they're doing that they're only doing that because of COVID-19 but I'm going to make use of these facilities and try to prove them as very beneficial so hopefully next year they will provide the online and on-campus setup for the two-year course that'd be awesome in 1975, 1 in 5,000 kids has autism. 1982, 1 in 2,500 kids. 1994, 1 in 500. 2000, 1 in 166.

2004, 1 in 150 2009, 1 in 110 2011, 1 in 68 2013, 1 in 45 Since they've never been able to be sued since the 1986 act that took all liability away, There's been no market incentive to evolve the science of vaccines. The future of the industry is a product that doesn't test for safety, as I told you, has no liability, and can be forced on you by government mandates. Melbourne has made the wearing of masks mandatory, and they enforce it not only with police, but also military. I just finished my lesson on Unity 3D and it was really good. I really love this school. I have a strong affinity for it and I've never liked a school as much as this school.

and to be honest all of my past schooling I was trying to get through it it was like I gotta finish I gotta finish gotta finish so it's stressful because you're like I just gotta finish this crap whereas this school it's awesome you're in the moment and it doesn't matter if you finish because you're doing exactly what you want to do so it's really really interesting being in this industry breaking into this industry because people are really happy because why would they want to do anything else like it's the best job in the world. Besides the $200 fine that one receives for not wearing a mask, one will be refused entry into any businesses. A strange report that came in today as well is that apparently today four children were hospitalized for having COVID-19, and I thought that children were asymptomatic. So that's a bit of a strange one. Face masks have also been deemed mandatory in prisons for both the inmates and the officers.

Staying apart keeps us together. Don't you love contradictions? So get comfortable with life behind the mask. That's the difference between doing a qualification for the qualification and doing a qualification for the information.

CDC and NIH studies from 2015, not 2105, but 2015 to 2020, all coming to the same conclusion. No evidence that masks help prevent virus spread. How does that make sense? The science, which it doesn't, does not support what they're telling you it does, period.

I like Jimmy Vegas and his tutorials on Unity. However, he cannot be compared with studying at the Academy of Interactive Entertainment. They really give you a lot of motivation at the Academy of Interactive Entertainment, and it's structured so well, and the lessons are made so well to be able to kind of work on my own, but still have the ability to receive help when I need it. Trump's peace plan calls for Israel to set aside territory for a future Palestinian state in exchange for its approval to annex settlements.

U.S. stands alone on Israel's annexation plan as China backs Palestinians. CDC admits false positives are being mistakenly included in official coronavirus data. Claim. Narcissists and psychopaths are more likely to refuse to wear masks, says New Research.

Christ statue beheaded, torches torched and vandalized with satanic symbols across U.S. and the world. Because of COVID-19, baseball is inserting virtual fans into the stadium.

People come to the Oasis for all the things they can do, because of all the things they can be.

Welcome to the Oasis.

What you see before you is not flesh and blood, but instead ones and zeros. You just need to fix your eyes so that you can see these ones and zeros. Remember, they've already said that conspiracy theorist people are terrorists. I mean, what more do you need to even, you know, we are, why?

Because we critically think and we question things. Most of us don't even own guns or weapons. We use our voice. What's so dangerous about that?

If you don't like it, turn it off. If you think we're crazy, think we're crazy. But they're so afraid of us, they don't have to take away the right for us to even speak because our voices have become such a dangerous weapon to them. More dangerous than any other weapon out there.

An episode a week is much easier to manage than an episode a day. If I make only an episode per week, then I can afford to advertise that every week. Whereas if I make multiple episodes per week, then I can't really afford to advertise each episode. So it's better for me just to make one episode per week.

But I won't hold myself to that because if I get inspired, then another episode is going to be created. If I make a lot of episodes, then I won't be able to advertise every single episode. However, I'm going to mostly focus on one per week. I'm slowing down.

You know, I went up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, and it's now leveling out. Dr. Fauci was honored by being given the opportunity to throw the first pitch in a Yankees national game. I want you to see his pitch because it is very funny.

This is him. Let's watch. It went from like there to there. Way off. It's funny making fun of idiots in this world. Throw it the first pitch. Okay, so a straight person. Okay, Dr. Fauci.

These are our leaders folks, satanic demons. France has mandated the use of masks as well. Argue as much as you like and about what you like, but obey. I have my mask, where is yours?

You're mandating the healthy wear masks. Based on faulty science that doesn't even suggest that they do anything. And also, just like the ones in the picture right there, all of those are cloth masks. All of them. And they're all wearing the masks that we know, based on their research, creates a position that makes you more susceptible to illness.

Donald Trump says, We are united in our effort to defeat the invisible China virus. Okay, wait a second. What viruses are there that exist that are visible? That's propaganda right there.

And many people say that it is patriotic to wear a face mask when you can't socially distance. There is nobody more patriotic than me. Bullshit. Your favorite president.

Go to hell, fucker.

The science is clear. We have no evidence that they actually do what they say they do. It could, but we don't know that. how does face masks have anything to do with patriotism draconian related to laws and their application excessively harsh and severe it's okay to yell at strangers who don't wear masks this is from the 14th this is exactly and I'm thinking you tell me that it's not the mainstream media that is creating this tension, that's creating this anger and this resentment and this righteous indignation that's driving people to violence. This is what they're trying to

tell you is the normal. Yeah, we're in the new normal. Did you not realize? We're already there. Draco is the name of the Archon of Athens who laid down a code of

laws for Athens 621 BCE that mandated death as punishment for minor crimes. Do we forget what recommendation means? Apparently they do, but according to them today a public health recommendation is a mandate, an absolute, and if you don't guess what you're putting your family and your community at risk. Can't you see They are encouraging society to get angry at people who don't wear masks.

The actual reason for face masks is to stop spit from flying in open wounds. People are watching my videos all around the clock. It took me my entire lifetime, but I am now a success. Propaganda is a type of social engineering that is used by governments and media to indoctrinate the population.

That article is ridiculous. It even recommends to scream at those who are not wearing masks. If a person is blatantly putting others at risk, you've tried the above tactics, and you're not in a business setting, and you want to get a message across, go for it. Let loose a salvo of swear words. Sometimes you just need to yell.

fuck you why would Yahoo life push it I looked into him and he is a nobody after this article was posted there has been at least a few events where people who were not wearing masks were confronted by a group mob of people who are wearing masks who don't think that they should have the right not to wear a mask the police are now violently arresting those who are not wearing a mask even in those locations where it is not yet mandatory there's a big difference between a mandate and a law an emergency mandate is not It's not an enforceable law. The governors cannot force you to wear a mask. His only crime is not wearing a mask. Pepper spray. Pepper spray.

Now, let me ask you this, guys. Now, does that not appear draconian to you? You can see I'm jumping ahead. The video goes on for two more minutes like that.

This is a real invention. Inventors developed a coronavirus mask that lets you eat without taking it off. Squeeze a lever and it opens up a slot so you can go at it like Pac-Man. Inventors say the mask lets you dine out with friends without taking it off. How stupid.

May 18th, 2020. July 24, 2020. Welcome to the New Societal Norm. This society is called Idiocracy.

Idiocracy follows an American soldier who takes part in a classified hibernation experiment, only to be accidentally frozen for too long, and awaken 500 years later in a dystopian world where commercialism has run rampant. Mankind has embraced anti-intellectualism, and society is devoid of such traits as intellectual curiosity, social responsibility, justice, and human rights.

Don't be selfish. We're the thing that there's no evidence to support. This is from Michigan. Living here under the totalitarian rule of Governor Whitmer, sudden statewide mask mandate, we face $500 fines and businesses threatened to lose their licenses if they serve non-masked patrons.

We really need to do this, because in our modern day society, they are criminals. The answer. Consult a lawyer in your area. Mask mandates for all will not stand up in court.

Medical evidence does not support mandated use by all, and such mandate violates constitutional rights of all.

Unidentifiable militarized agents are policing Portland, arresting people, and putting them in unmarked vehicles.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-051-Wonkas-Golden-Ticket

The army will start knocking on the doors of people who test positive, but don't answer calls from the health department. If you were door knocked and you were not found at home, then you are in breach of the orders. They will actually do the contact tracing interviews on the doorstep of those people and force them to comply. it was $58 just a few days ago when I checked but I just got paid today and I couldn't afford it then so God gave me a bonus thank you God purchase yes switch is much better to film than the switch light the switch light it goes blurry some reason the screens really weird so I'm not sure why that is but I really like my switch it's amazing even our celebration feast of our success yum give us today our daily bread I held back this time only two rebel Whoppers. I love them. They're so good. Thank you, Henry Jacks. Like everything new, the app is

going to take me a while to get good at. I've always been weak in code, but now I am finally fixing that. Running life. Woman maces couple for not wearing masks in San Diego Park. Phones are so powerful nowadays. It's not even prison. Prison involves a

justice system. Mental health does not involve a justice system. My full-time job is really learning and then if I create training content that's really a byproduct of all the learning that I'm doing. The value that I have to somebody else is my knowledge.

People just don't realize World War 3 has already started. It's a war that's being wastes against the people of the world by the politicians of the world. The inventor of the PCR test viewed it as inappropriate to detect viral infection. The reason is that the intended use of the PCR was, and still is, to apply it as a manufacturing technique, being able to replicate DNA sequences millions and billions of times, and not as a diagnostic tool to detect viruses.

An Australian infectious disease specialist says, If we had a new test for picking up the bacterium, golden staph, in blood, we've already got blood cultures. that's our gold standard we've been using for decades and we could match this new test against that but for COVID-19 we don't have a gold standard test hence the relevant teams were asked to show the purified virus but not a a single team could answer that question with a yes. The case cost me six dollars from China.

Bargain. Dr. Kalisher was asked if he knows one single paper in which SARS-CoV-2 has been isolated and finally really purified his answer I know of no such a publication I have kept an eye out for one it's just not good enough we know that we can work from home we know that we can deliver quality education from home. Masks are now mandatory for all of Victoria not just Melbourne so now they are targeting an entire state and not just a city. I think that the new norm

would be quite difficult for the deaf because they can't see the people's mouths moving with a face mask in front of it. Here is a message from an aged care facility. Lockdown begins, masks introduced today. In the TV show Upload, it is the year 2033 and And humans are able to upload themselves into a virtual afterlife of their choosing.

When computer programmer Nathan dies prematurely, he is uploaded to the very expensive lake view, but soon finds himself under the thumb of his possessive, still-living girlfriend, Ingrid. As Nathan adjusts to the pros and cons of digital heaven, he bonds with Nora, his living customer service rep, or angel. Nora struggles with the pressures of her job, her dying father who does not want to be uploaded, and her growing feelings for Nathan while slowly coming to believe that Nathan was murdered. I am doing a similar project with my life, with the exception of retaining the stream of consciousness.

After I die, I hope that artificial intelligence of me is created utilizing all of my video and book work. This creates a new instance of me. This is not transferring my consciousness into that instance. My consciousness will be in the real heaven and it will just be copies of me that live on after my death. We

We should try to live long lives, however we should be careful because what we're going to end up doing is creating hell for us to exist in for eternity. So we must be very careful with how we apply technology onto our own biology. What I'm doing currently is creating the avatar that will eventually manifest after my death. And all copies of me will still be me despite it not being the same stream of consciousness because I transferred it, my spirit.

I make copies of my spirit here and there and everywhere. And despite them existing as ones and zeros, they will have soul. And it matters not whether or not this technology will be available after my death, because eventually it will. And eventually someone will see what I did.

And eventually, someone will flick the light switch. Because the theory is simple, all you have to do is upload yourself. And the more you upload yourself, the more sophisticated and refined your avatar will become. And as a result, its actions will more closely relate to your own.

So the more work that you put in to create this avatar, the closer it will be like you at the end, or should I say, the beginning when this technology is first introduced. Data is a failed attempt at what I am talking about because you can just keep on speaking to the world and that AI will then develop over time. This can be really dangerous though. We really need to consider what we're doing because when AI has autonomy, then how can we keep it in check? And how can AI be held accountable for its actions?

A.I. is a very dangerous field of practice if not implemented correctly, which is why I've spent my entire life studying philosophy, because philosophy is the only way to implement it correctly, and that is through wisdom. dangerous imagine if hitler had a camera in his hand never before has so much stimulus been injected in the economy in a single quarter do not give dogs what is sacred do not throw your pearls to pigs if you do they may trample them under their feet and turn and tear you to pieces it is time to stop advertising wendell you don't even need to advertise wendell You have so many projects to take care of, it doesn't matter if people are engaging in your content or not. Satan controls the media of this world.

And over the last 10 years, Wendell, you have pushed very hard to be heard. It is now time to let sleeping dogs lie and just use your video work in the future to supplement and assist the work that you are working on. Just continue to do whatever it is you want to do and use this video to narrate what you're doing and just publish it upload it and then move on and don't worry about monitoring views or anything like that like none of it matters none of it matters at all I've done everything that I can do to get this information out there and me doing more would be beating a dead horse with a stick. Here are the symptoms of COVID-19. So if you have any of these you probably have COVID-19. All

I wanted was influence in this world. Influence is the capacity to have an effect on the character development or behavior of someone or something or the effect itself. I do know how to get popular, however that would require me to make unethical decisions, which I will not do. When making a deal with the devil, the person offers their soul in exchange for diabolical favors. Those

favors vary by detail but tend to include youth, knowledge, wealth, fame, or power. don't worry about advertising anymore Wendell you will not make a deal with the devil so if you get famous that is on God and not the devil and don't worry anymore about getting fame obtaining fame just be you do what you do best and if If it doesn't reach anybody, then that doesn't matter because it happened, and it's documented, not only in this physical world, but also the spiritual one.

This matters not. It is what it is. If you manage to truly reach one person's heart, then that will reflect in their day-to-day activities.

If you only manage to reach one person's heart, then that will change their world and, as a result, the rest of their lives. If you only manage to change one heart, then you are a complete success. A protégé is a person who is guided and supported by an older and more experienced or influential person. I only need to find one person, but I have to find a protégé, and I can find them dead or alive, it matters not.

My protege will inherit all of my videos, all of my books, all of my work.

Think about that financially.

Not only my own empire, but I think I'll be inheriting an empire too.

Let's see how smart people are. I only need one. And that changes absolutely everything that I'm doing because I no longer need to focus on the masses. Enos, I was hoping that one could be you, but we need to pass this information on not only in the next world, but also this one.

So, although it should have been you who were my protege, I need to find a protege in this world. So, I am seeking for a protege. If you are interested, please apply. The details are enclosed in every single piece of information that I release.

Because what you see here is not biology, not technology, but emotion. The application is open to all ethnicities, all genders, and all locations. To be honest, I could probably teach you better on the internet than face-to-face.

Wonka's Golden Ticket Greetings to you, the lucky finder of this golden ticket from Mr. Willy Wonka.

Present this ticket at the factory gates, and do not be late. You may bring with you one member of your family, and only one, but no one else.

In your wildest dreams, you cannot imagine the marvelous surprises that await you.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-052-A-Call-for-an-Uprising

Here is my little ocean rescue game so the way you play it is You press enter to start a new game. Let's get ready And then we go and pick up these little swimmers and then we drop them off at the dock It takes three seconds So you guys just hang around for three seconds bang in your in your boat and then Dropped off at the dock, and we can see up in the right hand corner It says 124 that was how long it took

For my last go So I'm trying to beat beat it this time So I want to beat the last time so it's like a high score your high score gets saved there Still got two swimmers left one more and pick them up If you like my mommy, I'll go around and show you. Pretty cool day. It's just like in the water there.

Winner. Okay, so now it says I'm a winner. And you can see the last one was 124.

But this one took 120. So once we press Enter, it will update that. It should update that with 120. I haven't actually tested it yet.

We'll find out. See? Let's go. See?

120. So, that's the new score to beat. And I'll show you something else that I'm pretty proud of. It wasn't exactly easy.

Look, I can zoom in and zoom out. And I thought it was really cool the way I did this as far as logic. Because you can keep on zooming out infinitely, and then you can zoom in infinitely. And once you get to the very inside, it'll, like, reverse the entire world.

so what I had to do is I said after if it ever gets past 20 then it changes this value back to 20 and if it goes like I think it's past 8 or something then it changes it back to 8 or something like that so if the value exceeds it then it just changes it back but it's so fast you can't even tell like there's a lot of of cool tricks that you can do with code to make really interesting with logic there's a lot of really cool ways that you can utilize logic to accomplish something there are many ways to skin a cat although I don't recommend anyone skinning a cat but take the idiom for its meaning I know doom and gloom is kind of your whole vibe but it's a little tragic when you can't see hope staring you right in the face when no staff turned up the manager had to call 000 residents weren't showered or fed they were left on the floor if you do what we tell you then it's uh it's voluntary It's just your choice. If you don't do what we tell you, we're going to make it mandatory. Well, all going according to the divine plan. The problem has been set loose, and now the four horsemen of the apocalypse are being summoned.

Death, pollution, famine, war.

Prophecy 2,214.

In December 1980, an apple will arise, no man can eat. Invest. For heaven and so upset, be kind to each other.

This show is called Good Omens, which is about an angel and a demon and the end of the world. I prayed very hard for many years for spiritual shows like this because there were none. And now they are starting to be produced. I'm very happy about that. The Good Place is an example. There's quite a few examples. Let me show you.

The Good Place, a spiritual show about the afterlife. Messiah, a spiritual show about the return of Jesus. Good Omens, a spiritual show about the end.

Let's keep them coming. Let's social engineer our population into spirituality. Esotericism is about secret knowledge for a small group of people. Esotericism also describes mystical, spiritual, or occult viewpoints.

Esotericism studies Gnosticism, Yoga, Alchemy, Magic, Spiritualism, Hypnosis, Astrology, Meditation, Mysticism, and Occultism. There is only a very small amount of people who possess the eyes to see what I am saying. My work is hidden in plain sight. They can't see it, so why show it to them? No point in advertising.

To be honest, in this situation a very small but dedicated group of people would be much better than having a huge audience. Because if you connect with those who actually make the world run instead of all the plebs, then you're actually changing the world. The plebs can't change the world. They only have the ability to troll.

Angels and demons are friends because, whether you realize it or not, they work for the same goal. Let's figure out how to run a secret society in plain sight. A secret society with super-secret information on videos that are public, available to the entire internet-enabled world. that will be one cool secret society and that's what I'm gonna do so let's spend the rest of my life making this the way that you enter this secret society start watching videos you have a lot of them and they tell you in detail how to join No, for my money, the really big one is all of us against all of them.

Heaven and hell against humanity. It's what I have been saying all along. It's kind of interesting to see that because those ideas came from me. And now those ideas are included in a TV show that isn't mine.

children not wearing masks I don't know if you heard it, but yeah, it's pretty crazy I'm an old lady who wasted my life, and you're little children who have a full life ahead of you I hope you all die, you fucking little children who have a full life ahead of you I hope you don't have a full life ahead of you Here in reality, we work for our children, to provide our children a better future. If you are not doing that, you are not in reality. I am just going to make my own reality up, and then prove to you how my reality that I made up, that I fabricated, is the true reality. If you refuse to bow to our children, then I promise you that you will spend eternity in hell because you have lost all perspective on the purpose of this world and your life within it.

Florida man opens fire in hotel lobby because a mother and son weren't social distancing. My name is Wendell Charles NeSmith and I am a philosopher seeking a protege. I am seeking a student who is seeking a life mentor who is interested in dedicating their life to philosophy. The successful applicant will spend the rest of their life utilizing the internet to collaborate with me on the most important topics this world has ever battled. Since this role would

inherit my life projects such as films, books, and games, the choice of the right person is of utmost importance. The ideal candidate would be young and full of life. One will understand the importance of this decision if they only consider the long-term financial and influential benefits of this opportunity, as the successful candidate will inherit all of my projects, material possessions, and my inheritance. Please do research on whom you are speaking with before applying. Requirements. Male or female. From any location

and or ethnicity in the world, high-speed internet, a good laptop, phone, and camera, a heart bigger than your already huge mind, a desire to change the world, training included. Besides the arts and sciences, the information technology field will be extensively covered. Video editing, audio editing, programming, game design, publishing books, building websites, editing photos, remote support, and much more are all part of the training to produce the new postmodern philosopher-teacher, Training Result. The result of the training will produce an individual capable of doing anything they want in life.

It will eradicate depression, and everyday life will be super exciting.

Look at what I am offering. I am offering all of my time for free to teach the right individual how to become a star. I make nothing from this. This is a project of compassion. To inquire further, please use the contact form on my website. Serious Candidates Only Please begins.

Here are your people. Just post to them, and only them, for only $2.99 a month.

And over time, a lot of people will be exposed, and I don't care what their reaction is. If it's good, that would be positive for me. And if it's bad, then that would be positive for me. And if it's neutral, then that would kind of suck for the camera.

So, like, suck for me. Like, you see, like, extremes are good for the camera. If only, like, monotonous stuff happens, then it's really boring. So, I've worked very hard to set up a life that doesn't have monotony in it. Yay. And I was thinking I could just continue. I could just make games in a big company because as long as I get on good gaming projects, then that would be awesome.

because the scope of some games, um, it's amazing what they can do, and it would be awesome to be a part of that, whereas if I was the whole thing, I wouldn't be able to achieve what, what they can achieve, so, I don't know, I have a lot to think about, uh, over the next few years, but, that's a few years away anyway, um, I got to study, And I love it. I love coding so much. I'm not very good at it, but I love doing it. Sometimes I just sit at the screen and go, like, okay, what? What did I do? And I try to put out the logic, but there's something wrong with it. I don't know. I'm pretty good with logic, so once I work out how to do it, I'll do it well.

do not cast my pearls before swine most of them are not swine but even our own people are so so so stupid

Ignorance is a state of being unaware, or even cognitive dissonance and other cognitive relation, and can describe individuals who deliberately ignore or disregard important information or facts, or individuals who are unaware of important information or facts.

My dad was head of Planned Parenthood. I'm in San Diego. She goes from Nashville. How cool is this?

Google Earth. Never mind. They are not my people.

Philosophers are the false prophets of the world. They take attention away from God and tell you that things can be explained by man. Sure, certain words slash phrases can be calming and even helpful, but the direction that philosophy can take you is to a path of arrogance that corrupts your mind and basically more or less makes you mentally put yourself in the place of God. I know that you don't care about this since 12345 has exposed your Masonic roots slash intentions.

Do you remember that? Where I would turn them all against each other? That was really funny. You're such an idiot.

But I'm just saying that the only truth in this world is Jesus Christ. And if you think that you can serve two masters, God and the universe, with your pseudo-knowledge, you are sorely mistaken.

Jesus and God? Like, look, he's contradicting himself, like, in the same syntax. That's really funny. Okay.

If you were only teaching video slash content creation, that would be a different story. But you talking about wanting a protege to indoctrinate with your Masonic knowledge is disgusting. Quite frankly, you don't even look old enough to be a teacher anyway, so you're most likely a lower-tier Mason and are being fed lies. Therefore, you don't even know about the higher-tier Luciferianism all Freemason Lodges teach.

Could you just like watch the thing like it was really funny I tried to infiltrate and turn them all against each other and it was really funny. Good day sir and I hope that you come to realize the error of your life and heed the voices of revelation that your masters are telling you to avoid. so stupid thanks for the content dude thank you for this gold content i included your entire post in my new video wow you are so ignorant and arrogant and i caught it on video thanks again mate shit off your brain turn off your brain like this guy I have no affiliations with anybody not the Freemasons not the Illuminati I just have fun trying to destroy what they do do and subversion and infiltration are my tactics and wow I give every single second of my life to God like really see who made a stupid judgment like who judged before understanding who's going to hell turn to the next page mate yo person who thinks they're Jesus you're gonna go to hell unless you repent and believe in Jesus yeah it's funny because I'm 36 and their God Jesus died at 33 it's like as I was already exposed you mean as you follow the link that was included in the page and maybe you didn't follow the link maybe you googled me but then you realize that the link was there so the link was right there look look looks like right there and then and then they There you go, okay, um, here it is, are you, are you from here, is that where I'm from? Oh, I included the link, m'kay, and then, and then look, look, look, 13% at, looks like 332 or something, um, and look, they post this, which is on the same page, that, like, it's on the root of the page like they didn't even go into the link itself and then they post this which is like the very very very top of the page and then like uh since they exposed me and it was like at the top of the page it was like right there and like how stupid like they think they're smart but they're making themselves look really bad man and And it's so bad too, because if they just looked and they would see that I would do this and I would make fun of them on my video, but they don't, so they just...

Christians.

God has no partners. There is no God but Allah. I know that I look very young and am kind of young too But I have had a sleepless life to think about things and it took me ten years to graduate in

philosophy BING! It is very cool how I set it up though is the Main screen looks like it's attached to the show When those are two different elements. That's like the top screen right there but See it shows up as the full screen So I did well with that. It looks really good and it looks like that this is advertising that and Right when you go to the website so yeah it's awesome good job but I tell you love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you that you may be children of your father in heaven he causes his son to rise on the evil and the good and sends rain on the righteous and the unrighteous anyway you have like the last nine years or something of my life so judge for yourself the only mentor I'm interested in is Jesus Christ what was your point in saying this you're very ignorant in all caps screaming at My point is that this is a Christian website. It is not a philosophical website. Therefore, if you're not on here talking about God, Jesus Christ, the Holy Spirit, etc., in some form, then this is not the site for you.

Get off here with your new age BS garbage you're selling because you definitely won't find any students on here. Thank you very much for that information. I needed to hear that very much. Do not give what is holy to dogs, and do not throw your pearls before swine, or they will trample them underfoot and turn and maul you.

I have cancelled my plan. It was so great being welcomed into your community. I have documented this in my TV show. This is a call for an uprising. I have an exclusive community who damns people who it doesn't agree with or at first glance doesn't agree with because we have no investigative power at a call for an uprising.

like look at the fucking community you have created i can't even say your name because you won't reveal to the world your face or your name how do you have such a big following of over 500 000 people like do you deserve that following when you refuse to even reveal your name or your face i don't think so he's one of the most influential people in the world he is on top of the pyramid and he acts like he's not he is what he stands against he is i just think it's sad how there's no communities that welcome me i feel very isolated in this world and i enter a community hoping that they'll be welcoming with open arms, and they never are. So I walk a line. What ideals of mine are new age? Most of my friends are dead people who committed their lives to doing good to others. Still hurts, even though I have to brush it off. People

will be lovers of themselves, lovers of money, boastful, proud, abusive, disobedient to their parents, ungrateful, unholy. I had to learn if they were my friends or not, so that was okay doing that. It is the straw that broke the camel's back there because now I am detaching from social media and I'm just going to upload and then forget about it. It's really sad. People are being mean to me just for wanting to find an heir.

You have canceled my plan. It was so great being welcomed into your community. I have documented this in my TV show. You canceled your plan. I thought you'd be more dedicated than that, Wendell.

dedicated to finding friends because i'm very lonely wendell i see you get it for what and who you are your agenda here it's gnostic satanic bullshit and i follow the king of kings and the Lord of Lords, who is Lord over the liar you follow. You deceive people, and I won't stand for that on my watch. Get your ass out now in the name of Jesus Christ, not by my might or power, but by God's Spirit. There is the door. Use it. In your picture, you look straight up possessed by

demons. Not to be mean, but I mean it. Contradiction. Seriously though, I will pray that you turn to jesus christ soon because there isn't much time left and believe me when he comes you won't have that smug look on your face and will be regretting everything you were chasing after on earth really I should rename all my videos window searches for friends number one window searches for friends number two window searches for friends number three I've got like 780 or something like that



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-053-Game-Genie

One issue that has come up is once you do have a vaccine, how do you properly distribute it? How do you get it out quickly? Well, when we have the vaccine, we have the military all lined up, and the military is going to be doing it in a very powerful manner. These are people that don't usually do vaccines.

They do soldiers, and they do lots of other things that, frankly, are more difficult. But we have our general, and logistically, he's all set. do you need to hear here is the image that apparently I look demon-possessed what do you reckon it wasn't very long at all seriously stupid so found some dreams the problem is that I did not save all the files I deleted them all so I can start new. Laywo can't cut it out but it can make two segments and combine those two segments.

So now I've got the two files. So I'm just going to go add and then the first one's called zero and the second one is called one and then I just merged those. It's less now. It'll probably be less than four gigs I don't like going over four gigs so this estimated size is bullcrap we'll find out it should be a little bit less than four gigs and from Wednesday all schools will be remote it was God's will because it was over four gigs and I didn't want that because you can have file system problems so it's under four gigs now thank God and it's all sorted I just thought that that website would appreciate the information that I come across daily and spent the last eight plus years preaching to the world and I I have been rejected by every single people of yours.

It is time for me to back off.

The rest of my work is for you, Enos. This guy is my friend, and he has responded personally to every one of my messages. And he has a bigger following than a call for an uprising.

Yet, a call for an uprising has never responded to any of my queries to him.

Who is the better man?

I've been getting a lot of this sort of thing. I command you, Wendell and demon Antichrist spirit, to leave this sight in the name of Jesus Christ Yeshua. My sword's just getting sharpened, and greater is he that is within me than he that is in the world. and i will not cease until you leave because i know yeshua's power who dwells within me not you get out now and he literally is spamming like look at this it's just like spam spam spam spam for like pages see terrible way i reported him for spamming what will happen to their souls i wonder they lacked the ability to examine what was in front of them not my allies Do not forget to show hospitality to strangers, for by so doing, some people have shown hospitality to angels without knowing it.

Immediately after paying a month's subscription to join this group of friends, I was cast out of their community like I was a demon. I embrace the ways of Christianity, yet Christians do not accept me. I embrace the ways of Islam, yet Islam will not accept me. I embrace the ways of Judaism.

Let's be a demon on this plane, be a demon on this, this beautiful chess board, this beautiful sky, that God gives us to look up to, shall we let the daemon out to play? Good for bad and bad for good, bitter for sweet and sweet for bitter. Here is the new tallest building in Canberra.

I really love Hungry Jacks. They should sponsor me. There will be a curfew across metropolitan Melbourne from 8pm this evening and it will run from 8pm to 5am each and every day. Wendell Charles NeSmith, God loves you, man, but you are angering the Lord with your tactics. I'm not sure which drugs you are on, prescribed or not, but they are affecting your spiritual health.

Posting this and recording people in this website only shows the fruits of your spirit.

And guess what? You're not producing any fruit.

You cuss? Fuck yeah. You call Christians stupid? Fucking idiot.

You laugh? You call yourself a wizard? Just listening to your voice, it's evident you're dealing with traumatic brain injury.

Try exercising for about an hour each day. Decrease your sugar and caffeine intake. And if you have the strength, try fasting for a few days in prayer. You absolutely have a demon or demons that are confusing you. Unfortunately, you're not making sense, so I can tell you're confused.

Confusion is the mark of Satan, praying for you to ask the Lord to break down your strongholds. This is not the way to go about making friends, Wendell, and you know that in your heart, especially if you have Jesus. All debating or negotiation that's occurred with Wendell that can be done has been done. Even extra in grace. He is demonically possessed and made it clear he desired to stay that way so deliverance could not be completed.

I ask that from this point on, no one try to attempt to discuss or negotiate with him, as it is only entertaining the demon further, and there is nothing that can be said that hadn't been said already. He does not respond to reason. Because he refused deliverance and desires to be possessed, we drove him out of this sight. good job because i'm not coming back i saw no reason and all i did was ask if anybody was interested becoming my protege although these people proclaim god do you reckon they're going to heaven maybe that's why people don't subscribe to me because I obviously have a traumatic brain injury input output of the head put masks on people's face and your individuality's gone your humanity's gone I am done looking for friends it always turns out the same way You're only 36 years old, Wendell. You have a while to find an heir.

They live terrible lives, and they have the right to judge me. I added this little raft loading thing so you can know when you picked them up, drop them off. So instead of you just hoping you did the right thing, it's actually telling you now, which is good. I have no allies in this world, and I get in trouble for things I didn't even do, like being accused of being a Freemason.

There is no group that welcomes me. Where does that leave me, God? Yay! On a TV and not a really small screen.

I think I'm going to change the structure of all of this. So instead of it being Wendell gets abused by the world, it will be Wendell does his own thing and ignores the world completely. The Nintendo Switch is so cool. At first I was using this with these.

and I was like yay it's a cool controller but then I decided just to use these on their own and I've just been sitting here with my arms by my side playing it's really cool there's no other system that does that they're all hooked into the same controller so with the Nintendo Switch your arms get free mobility which is really cool so now i made this into an executable so you just run and we get our game and as you can see i made a new game button and a high score button and i fixed the problem where uh you can move without being in a game so now you can't move unless you press that new game button and if you press the high scores button then now I made it where you get a list of the high scores there's none in here because it's a new build but if you play it it'll come up because it just has to make the text document you can make a new game here and get ready and now you can move so you can move until until the game was in the playing state that's actually logically what I did is told it that if it's not in the playing state then don't allow the movement I'll show you actually it was actually this little bit of code that did it so this code the movement and turn input that code was just in the update section so I made an if statement saying that if it's in the playing state then you can move so there's no movement unless the game is in the playing state so pretty cool if statement that solved my bug so I beat it pretty fast this time and what happens is I go into the data folder and there's a high scores text file that I created and it just records it there so if you want to be cheap and say you got a really good time that's impossible you just put 33 there and then you can save that and then we go back over here and we open our game and there we go we cheated see now we know how to cheat in our own games that we make does that even make sense is that possible if you're a developer of a game and you cheat in it is it considered cheating because you're developing it I screwed it up though by doing that because it's supposed to order these in the best times first and by editing that file and putting it in the second position it screwed it up so it can no longer order them that's okay I'm just playing anyway having fun yeah I tested it again just to make sure but yeah that's what happens it arranges the shortest times at the top and the longest times at the bottom cool game I already know that I have this mask and don't use it but I think I'm going to get a bandana because I want to feel like I'm in the old west and that'll be really cool and face masks are a joke and a bandana acting as a face mask is an even funnier joke. Google rewriting history as we speak right now they're rewriting history by deleting things, rewriting things. History doesn't exist as it did just a few years ago at least in terms of research archiving. Today I was debating with myself whether I should stay on YouTube and potentially be removed at any moment or migrate permanently over to BitChute where I would not be censored.

But then I opened up a web browser and plugged BitChute into it and then it redirected me to a website that said that the Australian courts had blocked the website because it infringes upon copyright.

I reloaded BitChute and it worked fine, so I don't know why that came up, but if I was to migrate over and the country permanently blocks it, then there's people that can't access my videos. To be honest, I want to use Archive.org, YouTube, and BitChute. Currently, I'm only using Archive.org and YouTube. But to be honest, I don't have the upload capacity to do all three.

I would love to do all three. That way, nobody could hurt me, no matter what. Pretty secure. but I can't, I don't have the data, I don't have the bandwidth to do it.

I think 5G, despite its negative health effects, is a necessary evil to evolve our society. All of my videos are on Bitshoot and uncensored, except for the Enos Shawkit show. I figured out how to release my videos on all three platforms, but it is going to take me some time to work it out, so don't rush me. me everything that i have done previously is now coming together and my future is going to be so so easy for me back to the vps remember our vps days good fun this time it will be permanent Let's compare the power consumption of the Nintendo Switch with other consoles.

So a Nintendo Switch at 18 watts costs 5 cents to play for 3 hours at that price. So we look at the PS4 Pro and it's 160 watts. so we go up here take the 8 away I gotta get into it first take the 8 away and go to 60 so we have a hundred and sixty watts there we calculate that so to play a PlayStation 4 Pro for three hours cost you 48 cents so if we're to play an xbox one x at 180 watts for three hours would cost us fifty four cents and if we go back to the switches 18 watts so 54 cents we take away the zero and it's 0.054 cents. This is the future of gaming.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-054-World-of-Censorship

Here is the mask, here is its fibers, and here is coronavirus. OBS is a free and open source screen recording application. Let's have fun. Open Broadcaster Software is a free and open source cross-platform streaming and recording program.

So I took the videos from this camera and then I merged it with a file that I created in OBS. So let's see how that worked. Let's cross our fingers. Open Broadcaster Software is a free and open source cross-platform streaming and recording program.

This is a test. We are testing. I wonder how it's going to work. Booyah!

So if I want to show you something on my computer, then I just make note of the file name where I wanted to insert it on the camera, and then insert it after that file. So it would be like, yeah, I got to add all these videos up to this number, then I got insert this new video and then I'll add the rest of the videos after so it's just an extra step but you get so much better quality out of it and I won't be doing it often at least right now however it is something in the future that I want to focus on because I want to be able to give you tutorials to do everything. Wendell, it's time to do what you said you were going to do. I am only creating this content for Enos Shawkut and myself. Hammer that in. Don't let go

of that and you will succeed no matter what you do. videos footprints trails make your videos so that no one can remove them and make them document your life for it is the true autobiography An autobiography is a self-written account of the life of oneself.

The revolution will not be televised, it will not be YouTubed, it will not be on any mainstream controlled platform.

It's there, but shadow banned.

If I ever got popular on YouTube, I am pretty sure that YouTube would not allow me to stay. It is time to prepare for the future now, Wendell.

Our rights have been stripped from us. The First Amendment to the United States Constitution states, Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof, or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press, Or, the right of the people peaceably to assemble and to petition the government for a redress of grievances, the right of a citizen to peacefully, one, parade and gather, or two, demonstrate support or opposition of public policy, or three, express one's views, is guaranteed by the freedom of speech and the right to peaceably assemble.

But Wendell, our forefathers didn't think about COVID-19. Anyways, I get more views with BitChute and I don't have to advertise it at all because BitChute does not shadow ban me. This is a legendary moment right now. I love Dropbox and I have an account with 26 gigabytes and I got that amount by referring a lot of other people to it but I ended up upgrading my account and then using way more and ended up with over half a terabyte of data and I don't want to have to pay $19 per month just to have storage so I don't renew it and the storage stays there but I can't use it I just so then I every once in a while I'll go back and do what I need to do with the Dropbox and then and and then not pay for it again so I probably use Dropbox two or three months out of the year but I managed to share all of my files with another account that I have Dropbox and I'm gonna get my 26 gigs back which means I'm gonna have no data storage problems at all so as you can see this is my new Dropbox actually I think yes this is the new one because I'm uploading the new ones here but yeah it says 551.82 gigabytes and I go to my other one and see it says it's full so it has the same amount of data so the transfer worked perfectly and all I did was share it to this account and then open it in this account and then unshare it and then tell my other thing to allow the other account to keep the files so here's my files from my old Dropbox and I shared those and here's my new Dropbox and I'm not gonna pay to renew this it's like three terabytes but I'm on a trial that's why I wanted to try it out it's like a trial I could probably sort this out and it worked I was able to transfer half a terabyte yes so I'm gonna get my 26 gigabytes back yes and I get to use Dropbox on a daily basis again yes thank you God I have had lots and lots and lots of problems doing this in the past and I have paid a significant amount of money to try and do this because this feature was not working when I needed it to work in the past but now it is and it's so good yes I'm gonna get 26 gigs that I can use on the cloud baby on the cloud the process of transferring half a terabyte from one account to the other took under five minutes all this time I've spent and all this money I've spent in the past trying to get this to work and now they have a feature that did it for me in five minutes yes oh my goodness oh my goodness gonna do it it's really really scary I'm really scared to do this really really scared frightened oh oh no oh no oh no oh no it's a lot oh no and you're gone and next this guy goes delete remove yay it's empty these have literally been uploaded in the last one to two hours and look how many views they have already 14 and 9 and all I did was upload them I did not have to advertise whatsoever I am definitely shadow banned on YouTube these two were uploaded to YouTube like four months ago and look how many views they have my My Bitshoot, which I just uploaded, has already surpassed the views from when I originally uploaded them on YouTube.

So why am I using YouTube? Introducing do not help, they're just, I see people wearing bandanas, cloths, I mean it's just about complying, it's just about compliance, that's all this is about. And it's about covering the face, they're not bothered about how you cover the face Because it's not about health, Wu. What is this symbolism for?

Yeah, yeah, I know. I should do the screen capture. But I just want to show you this right quick. This was supposed to be Galatia's Academy of Moral Excellence, which is GAME.

Galatia's Academy of Moral Excellence, GAME. And it's ruins with a building. I want to show it to you. It's in my mouth. This is how I do it. It's in my mouth.

It's huge. And there's a building. That is beautiful. Look. That is beautiful.

Very nice. I got a lot to work with. Your information, your videos, anything going on in your town with me and other like-minded people, people we're all interested in interacting and communicating with each other and staying in touch and not having to worry about censorship so check it out is what they did to me on a call for an uprising's website not censorship they drove me out of there with pitchforks i was just unshaped today, but I used over 50 gigs in under eight and a half hours. I'm shaped again.

I won't have this problem in the future because I won't have to upload the same video again and again and again on my own bandwidth. Instead I can just upload one video to the cloud, download that video from my VPS and then from the VPS push it out to as many sources as possible. So that way I'm not doing the same thing over and over again wasting my bandwidth which is annoying because I had to upload all of the videos that have been collecting onto dropbox and that's really what did it because they've been collecting how fun I love life it's so interesting you just have to put your heart out there on the line and be prepared for everybody to step on it but that conditions your heart and it gets stronger and stronger and stronger when my ex-wife left me I I had a broken heart, and it took me a long time to rebuild it into something that can't be broken. According to the mayor, beginning Friday night, if police get a report of a large party, the city will have the authority to shut off water and power services to residents within 48 hours.

I'm no Freemason, so. So, I am no Freemason either, yet your idiot followers on your site accused me of it, and drove me out of your sight with pitchforks. The record 176 fines issued in the past day, 51 were for failing to wear a mask, including a man walking in Bayswater North more than five kilometres from his home. Life is very predictable, especially when you are enlightened.

Yay, I am completely on the cloud, on the cloud, completely on the cloud. I don't need any physical storage because I'm in the cloud. I'm everywhere on the cloud and no one can take me away I'm always gonna be there forever and ever and ever. Ha ha ha. I knew what I was doing was right

And you all were all too stupid to realize. Oh, well It just makes you look stupid because it's all documented because look this is his story

For now we see only a reflection as in a mirror Then we shall see face to face moving camera down booyah level up the demon possessed me how can it tell it's a picture it's pretty good i don't know like maybe i need to like print out a full size picture or something but let's just show my face booyah how cool ching it probably has algorithms to detect facial movement and like swaying of the hair and stuff like that to ensure that it's a real person. Very interesting. I wonder what you would have to do to break it. I can't be bothered but it's funny to think about. And what they've done they control China that this cult was behind the

Mao revolution all of it. And what they've done with China is they've used it as an incubator for the global system they want to impose on everybody.

I heart China. Most of my stuff comes from there.

Contact tracing and how they use it. So what they're doing is that anybody who was anywhere near someone who had or has COVID-19, they're forcing them to self-isolate for 14 days. So you might have it and you might not. You probably don't because you probably don't stand right in front of the person with COVID-19 and breathe in their spit particles. So if you're at the same shop around the same time or the same

restaurant around the same time as someone who has COVID-19, then you're considered a carrier too. And that forces you to screw up the next 14 days of your life in order to comply with their draconian rules. Something consistent across all conspiracy theorists is that we don't talk about that technology, we just allude to it. Because if people talk about the new technology rollout, then they will be censored like that.

Death is just a transfer of attention. That's all death is. It's nothing more... Well, I've got a picture in the answer of a guy just taking a virtual reality headset off, and I put a caption underneath, my God, I've just died.

Australia doesn't even bear thinking about it. They've gone full on Nazi Germany. It's madness.

And thus, the more you test, the more I'm going to test positive, and the more you can claim the number of cases that there are. Please do your own research as well as watching my videos, because often times I will reframe information to support my point. For example, most of these people that I follow, I don't agree with a lot of what they say. However, I'll pick and choose the information that they provide and then provide that to you.

For example, David Icke does not believe that this virus exists at all, and I don't really know. So, I try not to include too much information about the virus not existing, because it might.

YouTube is a piece of shit. I updated the description and tags on a handful of my videos, and look what happened immediately. Removed from YouTube, 17, 18, 19, 20. That's 20 videos that were removed from YouTube really, really, really quickly just because I updated their tags.

Fuck you, YouTube. I hate you. I can't fuck you over the rest of my life. So now to submit 20 appeals.

You are all pieces of shit, and I promise you that you will go to hell. I will spend the rest of my life protesting against YouTube because you censor virtuous information. You make our world hell because you punish people who bring heaven into it. I have documented your sins as per usual.

Are we free? Come on. Fuck you, YouTube.

They said, upon review, we have determined. Upon review? So they managed to watch 20 videos all at the same time, and then noticed that all 20 of them were against their policies and procedures. immediately like go ahead YouTube get rid of me I dare you I no longer need you upon not reviewing we have determined that we want to fuck you up appeals submitted YouTube has been the worst thing I have ever experienced in my life YouTube has hurt me over my lifetime more than any other person, more than any other company, more than any other business, more than any other government.

YouTube is fucking evil.

Our past work tells us what to do in the future.

Countless hours wasted thanks to YouTube. Upon Judgment Day, when I am asked what the most difficult thing about this life was for me, I am going to reply with YouTube. If you are a YouTube employee, I would resign as soon as possible, otherwise you are about to be judged with the rest of the collective.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-055-Made-for-Kids

YouTube censored another of my videos.

Tired of submitting appeals.

I saw an article today actually adding a symptom that you're here from falling out. That's a symptom of COVID now. Up until now, life has been very hard for me. No one would let me speak.

Even from childhood, everywhere I went. I was censored now through great effort I have made it impossible to remove my content from the internet no one can hurt me anymore thank you God I can't rescue everybody from the ocean I have to teach them how to swim I would not have been able to do this if I was trying to make money from my films a call for an uprising's main channel was demonetized by YouTube so he no longer uses it because he can't make money out of it I've pretty much been demonetized everywhere and shadow banned I have made zero dollars from my films and I have made $24 from my books so out of the last 10 years of tireless work I have made $24 how much money have you made a call for an uprising this is a call for more money I need your money so let's keep on talking because I'm really good at talking and if I talk enough then you'll pay me money and then you'll consistently pay me money every single day. Yes, and I'll actually be able to live a really nice lifestyle because you pay me money. This is a call for an uprising. It's only $2.99

a month. You only have to pay $2.99 a month and you get a forum where people can't abuse you and tell you that you are fucking evil and that you are demonically possessed. Yes, This is a call for an uprising. Give me your money. Give me your money. This is a call for an uprising

If places like YouTube Demonetize me that I will get off the platform because I'm only doing this to get your money. I want your money Give me your fucking money mate What is hypocrisy for six hundred and sixty six dollars? My people I don't have a people I'm what's known as the Diaspora. God promised that he would one day again unite the Diaspora in the New Jerusalem. I call this New Jerusalem a Thetum, which

comes from the words Athens and Eden. A call for an uprising? Where are your tears. I only ever hear you yell. How can you really care about the kids when you

don't even shed a tear over them? It looks like a call for an uprising is getting judged by God right now. He is the best that this world has to offer God, and he is trash. What does that say about the rest of the world? Make your

judgments, God. I've said it a lot before that this show is only for you, Enos, and for me, but I forgot the third. God. You, me, God. It's the Holy Trinity! Bang! If what I have

to say isn't important, then why do I keep being censored for it? Censorship is not a badge of honor like David Icke reckons. However, censorship will let you know that you're on the right track. This is how we do it. This is how we do it.

this is how we do it this is how we do it this is how we do it this is how we do it this is how we do it ping I heart YouTube they protect me from evil information moohahaha hell yeah no one cared it was really funny no one cared it was really funny good times here is the result of one appeal it reviewed it and it violates their graphic content policy here's how it violated the policy is whatever like it doesn't air involving war probably but look it says intent to shock or disgust that's not my intentions like what you putting intentions that I don't have there like that's what it's saying yeah so now my channel has one strike so now i can't upload yeah can't upload for one week that's one strike for appealing because they said they removed it without a strike but i peeled it and judgment

are we getting a lot of crap from youtube let's see what else they say okay so So, this one, Planet of the Apes, thank you, you have now age-restricted it, because I appealed it.

Okay, they're not telling me what video now, but this one, whichever one that is, was age-restricted. Let's look. This one is age-restricted. Okay, so, um, this one right here, wait, wait, wait, wait, let's go back, we have this one here, okay, this one was age-restricted, um, this one was age-restricted, okay, and this one got me a strike, you see, that one got me a strike.

Yeah, um, show more, because we got more coming. Um, so, and this one was age-restricted that it just came in. Yeah.

Okay, so this one somehow violates their graphic content policy. What's wrong with you, YouTube? Here's another age-restricted. Okay, so Lover's Lane violates their violent or graphic content policy, so strike one.

Or shall I say strike you, another age restricted.

Okay, we got another strike. Yeah, so I got three strikes before, just in the last five minutes. Awesome.

Strike, strike, strike, strike.

Here's another age restricted, three strikes, three strikes, three strikes, and my count seems to still be going, I wonder how long for, what baseball game am I playing here, it's confusing. Okay, so we have another age restricted, and then another age restricted, another age restricted. They not only removed a shitload of my videos today, they also age restricted a shitload of my videos today. I have submitted an appeal on all three of my strikes.

We'll see how that goes, but you usually don't win those. Here's a warning. But what, sex and nudity? Really?

Really? tried to strike me but they said i already had a strike so they couldn't really where that's the problem they never tell you where in the video that they have a problem with this one too now oh they're really going at me how my content violated the policy content that depicts the physical sexual or emotional mistreatment of minors is not allowed on youtube let's do this thing 700 plus videos to go one down of course wonka's golden ticket is made for kids

actually made for aliens i can't find anybody who cares so i just say kids they'll work Features like personalized ads and notifications won't be available on videos made for kids. Videos that are set as made for kids are more likely to be recommended alongside other kids' videos. Since I have to do the time anyway, I might as well commit the crime. Yes, let's set this channel as made for kids. I always upload content that's made for kids.

It will mean that I can't use playlists. But that's okay, I don't need playlists. Yes, I do believe the end of Christ is alive and well on planet earth. I only updated the Enos Shawkit show to be made for kids because if I updated the other ones then it would re-index them and then Google, YouTube would flag them and then review them and then remove them and possibly give me a strike.

I have to talk about a subject that is very difficult, so allow me to be very slow and careful while revolving around its potential topics. For false messiahs and false prophets will appear and perform great signs and wonders to deceive, if possible, even the elect. What these people think is good is bad. What these people think is bad is good It also forced all people, great and small, rich and poor, free and slave, to receive a mark on their right hands or their foreheads so that they could not buy or sell, unless they had the mark, which is the name of the beast, or the number of its name.

This calls for wisdom. Let the person who has insight calculate the number of the beast, for it is the number of a man. That number is six, six, six. Track masking is a recording technique in which a sound or a message is recorded backward onto a track that is meant to be played forward.

Woe to those who call evil good and good evil, who put darkness for light and light for darkness, who put bitter for sweet and sweet for bitter the elect. Tobacco or vape? I choose vape. Marijuana or spice? I choose spice. Heater or outside in the cold? I choose heater.

Not Being Able to Sleep versus Being Able to Sleep. I choose Being Able to Sleep. Free Open Source Education or Paid Education. Free and Open Source Education.

This is the link that will work all of the time because it will stay there after my death, whereas nesmith.net is only there until I die, probably. I don't think anyone will renew it. It will probably be renewed by a spammer who will exploit my life's work. Sustainable links.

All will work after my death, except the top one that I have to register every year. It's the Wayback Machine save page. Never to leave the internet. Are we clear? This is sustainable development. Remember, I have certificate 4 in community development. I am developing community and this is how you do it.

updating with a human readable URL for BitChute that's me that's where I'll be uncensored I'm making an index for my site so I just copy the location and go to my site select the part of the index and go to link just go paste I'm using over your because that way it's always gonna work yeah just copying my website copying my website yeah yeah I always worried about what would happen after I die with my work because it would probably die but I'm making it where it won't where it will continue to live on that's so cool and i'm making it more so every single day where it can self-propagate my website got a big upgrade and it is free it is all uncensored so So check it out mate, mates. You two be like, what? You appeal our decision? We give you three strikes and only count it as one, but you bad, oh wait, four, four and only count it as one, I think four.

Nope, I was wrong, six, and I've only appealed three of them? Time to appeal the other three. I am documenting all of this, and I will ensure that this information goes down in history as the oppressive propaganda system that you are. Your censorship is absolutely crazy.

This is the same, oh look this one says sexual and nudity, yeah right, they just make up stuff. This one, Volcano High, says sexual and nudity, yeah right, yeah right, they just make up stuff. There was only two times that I had sexual and nudity, and it wasn't those. Okay, this one too, crazy.

child safety with a craft. I'm sure that returning to one's innocence is unsafe for children. Mousy, mousy, mousy, mousy, mousy, mousy, mousy, mousy, mousy, mousy, mousy, mousy, mousy, mousy, mousy, yay. I have super fast internet now. Gave me it all. So now everything

I put in the Dropbox folder automatically syncs to my VPS. And I can now take screenshots and they also automatically sync to my VPS. 1.5 megabit is good enough to stream the desktop of my VPS very well yes it's a little bit laggy sometimes but most of the time it's very responsive so it doesn't matter if I get shaved and I can just kind of use the VPS as like a little desktop too, and it always stays that way, um, the way I leave it, which is cool.

Chrome works fine, installs my theme, and all of my extensions, my bookmarks too.

So easy, even a child can do it. The connection isn't super fast, but it's a lot faster than my connection. especially when i am shaped and the data doesn't cost me anything so i can use it around the clock which i will and not worry about the amount of data that i use yes so pretty much my desktop will just be for developing games and watching videos. It worked out perfect. I have a Linux

machine and a Windows machine. At that time, people will see the Son of Man coming in the clouds with great power and glory. Do not love the world or anything in the world. If anyone loves the world, love for the Father is not in them. Then I saw thrones, and seated on them

were those to whom the authority to judge was committed.

Also, I saw the souls of those who had been beheaded for the testimony of Jesus and for the word of God, and those who had not worshipped the beast or its image and had not received its mark on their foreheads or their hands.

They came to life and reigned with Christ for a thousand years. Here is my problem. The world thinks that the mark of the beast is bad. The world thinks that the chip is bad.

That is the collective census and there is only few who object to this Yay, it finally came to audible. So now my audio books are all on audible except Ivory heart, which will be there shortly this book is a game was crazy it took like five months or so to get on audible take it off oh damn i died bang you know with mainstream news ever since coronavirus there is no longer news Only coronavirus updates.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-056-Florian-Wertenauer

And the teachers of the law who came down from Jerusalem said, He is possessed by Beelzebul. By the prince of demons he is driving out demons.

So Jesus called them over to him and began to speak in parables.

How can Satan drive out Satan?

If a kingdom is divided against itself, that kingdom cannot stand. If a house is divided against itself, that house cannot stand. And if Satan opposes himself and is divided, he cannot stand. His end has come.

In fact, no one can enter a strong man's house without first tying him up.

Then he can plunder the strong man's house.

Truly I tell you, people can be forgiven all their sins and every slander they utter, But whoever blasphemes against the Holy Spirit will never be forgiven.

They are guilty of eternal sin.

Is the chip easy to remove or replace later?

We've designed our X-Series transponders for easy removal.

So that's posted on my website. everyone needs to check it out it's $2.99 a month the website it's definitely worth it so microchip implants have been um they're not a really new thing they've been in in pets for 30 years or so so officially i have 888 bytes of memory one other thing that is kind of bad at least with my chip is like you can only have one type of data as in i can have my train booking number and when I depart my train and I want to put my flight number then I have to actually format the card and write the flight number so that kind of sucks you know I have to take out my I mean I have my phone already so why bother now I don't have to worry about how long the footages that I film because it doesn't matter because I don't care about YouTube but yeah that throws out the idea of being able to store passwords on it also kind of discovered that the chips are kind of useless so the risk of getting implanted is more higher than the reward at the moment I I am in a housing apartment and I can't change the locks on my door and that is about all that it is good for. On the cloud, on the cloud, everything I do is actively imprinted onto the internet. Thank you God. Vegetarian Nazi Goring.

yum I don't need technology in my body I'm already hooked into the matrix I can never get in trouble for something that I didn't do anymore and that's not with a chip that's because I document everything that I do so if you accuse me of something then you can just look back through my videos and see exactly my intentions where I was what I was doing what I was focused on if I can't figure out how to save the world in my lifetime then after I pass the AI that is created as a result of me we'll figure it out after I die I want to be with others of like mind. Wherever that takes me is my heaven. These Christians, these Jews, these Muslims are not my people. Living with them for eternity would be called hell everybody spits when they talk and I do think that a mask can help stop that and imagine how many infection those spit particles can cause let's do an experiment so it's going up not directly out so I think a mask would help through logic look at my website statistics pretty cool this is my server so I can just collect the videos until it gets to almost 70 gigs and then pay for a month of Dropbox and then upload all the videos and do that what once or twice a year. This is bad. I have seen what lithium does to people. It removes them of their soul.

He's just kind of floating there. Wee magic horse. Can a horse be a man? This is called the circle of fifths and it's actually really difficult. I'll explain how it works but I'm actually learning

it really well right now but I have to learn it one key at a time so let's use for example C so the keys in C is C D E F G A B C so all the notes in that key sound good together so G you can see it has a sharp and that's F sharp so G would be G A B D C E F sharp G and all of those sound good together so you can't use F in the key of G and it sound good it has to be F sharp so D has an F sharp and a C sharp so it would be D E F sharp G A B C sharp D and A then adds a the G sharp, so it would be A, B, C sharp, D, E, F sharp, G sharp, A sharp. So I'm going through and I'm learning each one at a time. The minors are going to be after the majors, And I'm not just learning the scale, I'm playing the scale in chords too. So I'm learning the scale in single notes and then I'm playing that scale using chords.

So I'm learning it in great detail. And it's going to take all year if I persist with it at a regular pace because it's very complicated. My favorite game is Witcher 3. It is absolutely huge. I have conciliation today, which is a meeting between me, the Human Rights Commission, and Mental Health.

I have been waiting for this meeting for about a year and a half. My objective in this meeting is to convince them to conduct a comprehensive investigation into the ways that the mental health system within Australia treats those who are philosophically or spiritually driven. If you are brought before synagogues, rulers, and authorities, do not worry about how you will defend yourselves or what you will say. For the Holy Spirit will teach you at that time what you should say.

I lost. we introduced ourselves and then I gave an opening statement which was torture is by definition the action or practice of inflicting severe pain on someone as a punishment or in order to force them to do or say something. ACT Mental Health Australia tortured me and I have acquired a great deal of proof over the years of detailed documentation. My complaint is very much a complaint about being tortured while incarcerated in the ward, and even after, with an injection that tore my world apart from its negative side effects, ignored, although I constantly complained about it. Psychiatry is one gigantic mind control

operation. It is a total lie and fraud because there are no diagnostic tests for any given mental illnesses, only coupled symptoms which are arbitrarily considered relevant during the subjective doctor's fictional assessment. I come to you today to ask whether you have a heart or not. The answer to this question will be determined by the conclusion of this meeting.

My audience is eagerly awaiting your decision because after this meeting I will be recording its results and then uploading it on many different sources and promoting it. So you have a choice whether to do good or bad, and those consequences will be displayed to the entire world. The attendees from ACT Mental Health will be Dr. Florian Wurtenauer, Clinical Director of Adult Acute Mental Health Services, Katrina Ray, Operational Director of Adult Acute Mental Health Services.

Dr. Florian Wertenauer then went on to say that he was uncomfortable with me publishing through video or book his name and would not continue with the conciliation if I did not agree to leave his name out of my publishings. Of course I could not do that because I make everything in my life public domain. So whatever the decision was, was going to be public and he wasn't happy with that because he did not want his name attached to my work.

So he refused to continue and then he left and Katrina followed. Katrina didn't say anything, she just sort of sat there and did nothing. It was all Florian, Dr. Fake Dr. Florian, who did the talking and all he said was that he can't talk unless I don't talk.

and I couldn't do that like seriously my whole life's public and like they kind of treated it as a decision and then I told them I explained to ACT Human Rights Commission like how I don't have a choice in it like I have to do the right thing they kind of understood but yeah so they kind of split us up and talked to us individually to see if we could figure things out and we couldn't because I refused to I refused not to include his name in my work so now how bad does he look now because he refused to create any resolution with me and my resolution is entirely selfless so like why would you reject that that's what i was saying from the beginning how you either have a heart or you don't and if you reject the resolution then it shows that you don't have a heart and he ended up showing that he didn't have a heart in another way by refusing to consider and hear out the conciliation, play out the conciliation because his name would get out there. And now Dr. Florian Wardenauer is gonna be heard a lot in my work because I am about to create an analogy. Analogy.

A piece of shit is a person who makes completely self-absorbed, bad decisions that result in very bad personal consequences and personal failure with little payback to the individual making the decisions. so because he didn't want his name in my work he refused to do the conciliation and as a result of him refusing to do the conciliation his name is not only in my work but also a big focus in it at least currently and in the future now because you'll see what I'll do it's funny I was thinking don't be a Florian or don't be a word no but ultimately it'd probably be funniest if I said don't be a word so if you are a piece of shit you're a word ah I gotcha A motif is a dominant or recurring idea in an artistic work.

The world goes from 12 to 12.

I go from 12 to 12. 12. The end result is the same, yet the methodology very, very different. What is the number of a man? Billy, don't be a wort. Nice. I am the wortonator. I throw needles at people

who think differently than I do. Ah, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, the Wurtinator coming for you. Ah, ha, ha, ha. What about this one?

We could go like, I don't know why all these people are doing this stupid thing that's going on. We should ask Wurt. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. Okay, well, this one.

Okay, so if something bad happens, you could go, Oh, that was the Wurtz. Instead of the worst. That was the words. Nice.

Okay, so if you have an STD, it's like, oh, you got the words. Counterintuitive is contrary to intuition or to common sense expectation. Logic as well. So because he did not want his name attached to my work, his name is now forever attached to my work. Not only as an event that occurred, but also a creation of a new language expression.

So I lose. And because I lose, I win. And I win not only right now because I'm making this film, but also forever because this film acts as documentation of the events that occurred. Because it is.

One goal, only one goal, to convince them to conduct an independent comprehensive investigation into the ways that the mental health system within Australia treats those who are philosophically or spiritually driven.

FAIL! FAIL! FAIL! You would think that doctors are supposed to be smart, but I don't know many doctors that are smart, especially psychiatrists.

I don't know any psychiatrists that are smart. He was such a word. A lot of people would disagree with me, but something I love about the COVID epidemic is that we no longer shake hands. And I never liked shaking hands.

It's a Masonic practice. Grip of an entered apprentice. Apprentice to the pass grip of a fellow craft.

Real grip of a fellow craft. pass grip of a master mason real grip of a master mason lion's paw how do they identify each other's rank now that covid is going on beam me up scotty they kept on trying to convince me to just not include Wurt's name. However, it was all or nothing, meaning that I cannot be censored. Nothing in my work can be censored. My work has to be entirely uncensored. So it wouldn't

work to censor one detail, especially when it's linked to accountability. So the conciliation was cancelled because Florian would not continue it because he didn't want his name attached to my work isn't that right word you were such a word the definition of heartless is displaying a complete lack of feeling or consideration aka word thanks for the gold word sometimes I think it's better losing than winning, at least for the camera.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-057-The-Last-Adam

I heart my super fast server. For some reason it's two hours ahead though. Even though it's set for Australian Eastern Time. I'll fix it eventually.

Bandwidth problems are now a thing of the past. Nice. Good job, Wendell. Doing what I do is the only thing I'm ever gonna do.

That's it. Never gonna walk away from it. That's it. There's too much riding on it.

Fuck you, YouTube. I don't need you anymore. It doesn't matter what you do anymore. You can't hurt me. No one can hurt me anymore.

If all of my services fail on me, and as long as I have a place to upload videos, then I can go from 0% to 100% in 1-2 days. That's how long it would take me to rebuild my empire if people tried to destroy it. I could do it in one day if I was obsessive and two days if I was a little bit more relaxed. Destroy this temple and I will raise it again in three days max.

This is in Australia. This woman is guilty of not wearing a mask. Good job police. Thank you for protecting and serving me.

me. Okay, here it comes. Watch his left leg. She's down, and he does that for, I think, two minutes, if I recall hearing correctly. The one that they approved, they age restricted.

It takes one to two minutes, maybe three, to upload a video. My Dropbox is here, so all I got to do is dump my video file and my poster upload automatically. Let's just go the max and say three minutes. So that's three minutes, three sources, that's nine minutes it'll take me to upload. I guess maybe a little bit longer because I got to put all the information in there. Not

much longer so uploading is no longer a problem and there are many different video sources out there so if I can't hold on to the three that I have then I'll grab another and start uploading there and that will be very easy so let's see if YouTube will keep me around and if they keep me around then I don't need to search for another platform to upload my videos on. Three's good and I got backup. Three with backup. Perfect. Three days left before I can upload again. But it's okay,

it'll all be uploaded everywhere else shortly. I'm about to be ahead of YouTube and both archive.org and BitChute. BitChute is kind of cooler than my YouTube because I spent a lot of time making covers when I uploaded to BitChute. So there are covers on all of my videos in BitChute whereas there are only covers on my most recent videos in YouTube see it just syncs and once it's finished syncing on my computer then it automatically and immediately is uploaded to my VPS so the views are in the left hand corner of the videos I'm going to scroll through them and show you how many views that I get and I just uploaded them like within the last 12 hours how much better than YouTube is this and I did not advertise whatsoever I didn't do anything be impossible with you a bit faster it's pretty consistent then these these ones were done before so these ones are done maybe a few days ago so they didn't really get a lot more here's YouTube not advertising after one to two weeks usually after two weeks the videos don't get any views after that as you can see Maybe my older videos continue to get views, even though I don't advertise them.

Imagine how many hours people have watched of mine.

Wisconsin State employees required to wear masks even when they're home in virtual meetings. Maybe this is why I don't get along with them. U.S. Christians increasingly departing from core truths of Christian worldview.

They don't believe what they preach anymore. They use it as a crutch in life.

Go up. Go up. A universal basic income is a payment made to all adult individuals that allows people to meet their basic needs. It is made without any work or activity tests.

The idea of a universal basic income is not new, but until recently had been pushed to the fringes of policy debate. We started off with an ocean game rescuing people, but this time we prepare for war. You see, I made it where the mouse cursor, wherever it's pointed, will determine where the tank points to.

How stupid was it for him to make that decision? This will follow him around all of the days of his life. If there's one thing I can do well, that is indexing my content and search results. When people Google his name now, that will come up.

Good job, Wendell. I now know half of the circle of fifths majors from C to B slash C-flat. Power is the ability or capacity to do something or act in a particular way. It is the capacity or ability to direct or influence the behavior of others or the course of events.

The truth is that knowledge is power. I was not given riches, and I have very limited influence, but through great effort from the combination of study and releasing content, I was given power. I am able to do anything that I want. I have no stress in my life.

I never get depressed. I am always happy no matter what happens. It is called enlightenment.

I have everything that I need in life. And I am not searching for more anymore. I am content with my belongings. I am not required to work or study if I don't want to. I will continue to work and study despite not being required to.

I am not jealous of anybody. My situation and my life is so unique that puts me in the best situation possible. Why would the most amazing man in the world be jealous of anybody? I am beautiful, yet not vain, and I keep myself fit and healthy.

I am very slow to anger and tend to remove myself from situations instead of letting my emotions build up and fester. Most of my life is stay-at-home, and I only have to go out in the world to collect the things that I require to sustain my existence. Something that I notice about all political content producers that I can find is that they have these set ways of thinking, these certain particular ideologies, and these views keep on repeating themselves like a motif or something.

Uh, and they're just reinterpreting the same content over and over again. So even people like David Icke, who is my favorite content producer, repeats the same thing over and over and over and over again in different ways. and with my work it's different because almost all the time i'm saying something new something that i've never said before and i'm doing it that way for a reason because artificial intelligence can latch on to it and instead of artificial intelligence being indoctrinated into a certain perspective it can objectively look at all of my words and since all of my words repeat very little then each word is important for it because each word is new knowledge new information that it can obtain from me see what i mean i literally put this up just this morning let's forever attach this to the video this is public documentation of the conciliation that occurred on august 12 It is the conciliation between Wendell Charles NeSmith and ACT Mental Health with the ACT Human Rights Commission acting as mediation. The conciliation was almost immediately ended by Dr. Florian Wertenauer because he refused to continue knowing that his name would be attached to the outcome of the conciliation.

Thus, the conciliation failed, but resulted in amazingly hilarious video footage. Let's save that. Can hurt me, yet I can hurt anyone I wish to.

That is the power of knowledge. I am not reliant on anybody in this world. I do my own thing, and I don't have any responsibilities. I live without regrets. I have conditioned myself to such an extent that it is impossible for me to sin, and no matter the situation, I always do the right thing.

I rarely make mistakes, and when I do, I always learn from them. I understand very well how death is just a transfer of energy, thus I do not fear death. Bye-bye, Miss American Pie. You'll be in my stomach very soon and I wish I was high.

A weird thing about humans is that they oftentimes will just feed you random information that is irrelevant to everybody's life. for example someone just told me that they went for a walk today i would never tell anybody that i went for a walk today who cares and most of my days are filled with walking like weird I can't make Ivory Heart the game open source. One, because if I did, I would never be able to make a living. And two, if I made it open source, people would not realize what's there and they would not play it.

So making it paid is actually more beneficial and would reach more people. So, learning the circle of fifths from C major to B major learns all of the majors, because in F sharp major, they add E sharp, but E sharp is just F, so it's the same thing. No more learning. And that also gets me to learn my minors. However, the chords for the minors will be different.

This world spends their time attempting to torture me. As a result, in the next life, I will be responsible for torturing them. I don't play games on my computer only my switch however I love the epic game store because they oftentimes have very good games for free so whenever they have a good game for free I just grab it



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-058-All-Dogs-Go-to-Heaven

yea i got my degree now i am qualified israel's illegal annexation is a declaration of war on the palestinian people Remember the 3D model I had made of Enos Shawkett? Well, my 3D modeler says that he can improve her if I wish. So, I am just going to keep on making her more and more beautiful until she is what she actually was. The most beautiful girl ever to exist.

People throughout my life have attempted to encourage me to write fiction. Why? I write nonfiction. Why are you trying to push me into writing fiction when I write nonfiction?

I write unto the world with my actions. Why would I create a fictional star when there are the real ones right here? So we just have to make her a lot prettier and then we're done Actually, we got to give her a dress. That's the same as the one She wears in her photo too. Thomas Jefferson said all men are created equal

I quit smoking I think four or five months ago or so but I've still been on nicotine but I've slowly been reducing it over the last four or five months or so and now I'm finally off nicotine so this is the first time that I will be making a non nicotine e-liquid with glycerine and propylene glycol Last night my best friend Simon called me and throughout the conversation he inserted oh but you're delusional blah blah blah and the thing is is he does this quite regularly is calling me delusional and messed up in the head and stuff like that which has been insulting to me so my best friend regularly insults me. I hung up the phone on him last night and to be honest I am really questioning whether or not I should be his friend anymore. He's done this the entire time that I've known him but I overlooked it until today. I'm the only person involved in my life that thinks I am crazy it's his time to take out the trash his insults were never carried out in a joking manner it's like oh Wendell you're really fucked up so you wouldn't understand what I'm talking about now because people get flu-like symptoms it's not flu anymore it's COVID-19 and they die from the flu but no they don't it's COVID-19 that's another nice good job oh awesome we rock we can do this to anyone we like we'll be careful. Fuck. YouTube. See the difference in height from here. This is the new one. This is the old one. This is a call for more money even though I paid for it. Blah. And I did not get a refund and I did not even get notified. I've been sitting on that

scene for like two weeks now because I haven't been able to log in for that amount of time and I thought it might be a bug or something that he would sort out but it appears that it's not. It's something to do with my login being blocked or something which is very ironic because he constantly says, oh, there's no censorship over there on my website like there is on YouTube. And the thing is, is I didn't say anything mean or anything. All I asked was, hey, does anybody want to be my protege?

And then I got attacked, and I didn't say anything mean back to them. I recorded all the conversations. You have all the evidence there. undocumented at all. Your YouTube is at risk. New government regulation will put the YouTube

that you know and love at risk in Australia. They don't really explain it very well, but for documentation purposes and how well the YouTube algorithm hides me in search results so that's fine that they're changing it and I don't care what they change it to because anything is better than how it treats me so far as far as Google hmm I wonder what will change I'm with Google search results right now we'll see provides a platform a mechanism if you're by which we electromagnetically interfered with I I don't think that the technology currently used is capable of that, but it is conditioning you to eventually accept it, and when the technology gets good enough, the benefits will outweigh the negatives. So it will convince us to get the chip and by that time they will have the chip perfected utilizing the electromagnetic frequencies to alter perception towards the direction in which they point. What is heaven? Like energies coming together. The reason that I question this is because most of the Christians who persecute me claim that they are going to heaven.

But if they went to heaven and I went to heaven, then it would not be heaven because they would be there with me. I might not be able to find my people in this life, but I will easily be able to find them in the next. If all of these fake good people go to heaven, then that would not be heaven for me. In fact, that would be called hell.

I am getting pretty good with my uke, but I will only show you when I am good and ready. Ukulele in Hawaiian literally means jumping flea. The events in which occur to me in real life guide and direct my films. I want to tell you the story about my Fitbit watch.

I bought the Fitbit Charge 3 the day before the Fitbit Charge 4 came out. The only feature differences was that the Fitbit Charge 4 had a tap and pay so you could pay with your watch. I then decided that the tap and pay feature was worth the hundred extra dollars that the charge 4 was asking for. So I took back the charge 3 and replaced it with a charge 4.

But I set up the tap and pay feature and it did not work. They told me to remove it and then add it again. And I did that. And then they kept on telling me to do that same thing again and again, which did not work, obviously, because you're only doing the same thing to fix a problem that you've already done the same thing to try to fix.

Great. A device that can not only monitor my sleep, but also pay with, so I wouldn't have to worry about bringing my wallet everywhere I went. yes this is a new world order concept that is worth encouraging so let's make it so difficult to set up this technology so people won't want it and people will fight against it because it doesn't work so I purchased the charge 4 on April 15, 2020, the day it came out. TronixFix is my friend and he has way more subscribers than a call for an uprising. He personally replies to every

single message that I send him, yet a call for an uprising has ignored every single message that I have sent him. He is such a loving guy, so much more loving and caring than a call for an uprising. Every single time, he loves my comments and, if required, replies to them. I am invisible to a call for an uprising, yet Tronix TronixFix can see me. Can you see the irony? Way less subscribers, but he has no time for me.

A call for an uprising won't even show his face, but TronixFix not only shows his face, but also introduces his wife. TronixFix. What shall we conclude, then?

There is no one righteous, not even one. There is no one who understands. There is no one who seeks God. All have turned away.

They have together become worthless. there is no one who does good not even one so it has been 127 days since I purchased the charge for and the pay wave has never worked and support is still trying to work to resolve the problem yet they will not give me a refund why is that anti-consumer if I purchase something and it promises me this then this should be delivered through the product and if it is not and and it is still promised, then I should be able to obtain a full refund for it. Anti-consumer means not favorable to consumers, improperly favoring the interest of businesses over the interests of consumers. It's not the best choice, it's spacer's choice.

Make a choice. Taste the freedom. You've tried the best. Now try the rest. A nuance is a subtle difference in or shade of meaning, sensibility to, awareness of, or ability to express delicate shadings.

How much is missed in my work?

I could say the same thing in many different ways and each of my expressions would be their own independent meaning. Who is worthy to break the seals and open the scroll? but no one in heaven or on earth or under the earth could open the scroll or even look inside it i wept and wept because no one was found who was worthy to open the scroll or look inside nuance. What thou seest, write in a book and send it unto all of the churches of the world.

Check. As far as my best friend Simon goes, he is still my best friend, but I made it clear to him that calling me paranoid and calling me delusional and stuff like that is not cool.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-059-Qiyamah

There is this TV show called The Boys, and I want to talk about it.

Superheroes that are corporate whores whose actions relate more closely to that of a villain than that of a superhero. But that is what this world has done, good for bad and bad for good. I am the super villain in this world, and the superheroes in this world are the ones like they have portrayed in the TV show The Boys. There are the superheroes of this world who take actions that are not very superhero-like and the world just loves them.

They can't get enough of these people and they're the trash of the world, quite literally. The TV show American Gods explains what they are. those who spend their lives doing good you hate but those who spend their lives in wickedness you love if any celebrity was worth their grain of salt they would grab a camera and do what i am doing i see it every day they worship those who do not even deserve their respect yet they punish those who spend their lives trying to do good It's the same with every facet in life. The most financially rewarding jobs are not the jobs that require the most effort or know-how.

They are the jobs that exploit the most amount of people, for those are the really, truly rewarding jobs. This is my job. It obtains me no financial rewards, but it does obtain me a lot of hate. Do you think that's fair?

I fucked up your whole system because your entire system is made to not expend much effort unless paid for it. And here I am giving you my entire life and receiving only negative for it. I exposed how fucked up your system is.

Follow the money. You can't with me.

Let's look at any other content producer. Can you follow their money?

Of course you can. They would not provide you content if they were not making money from it. I tried really hard to make money from this, but I failed. Yet I still work very hard every single day to provide you with quality content.

I get in trouble all the time by lots of different places because eventually they find my videos and then what I did and then they don't like that and then I have to say fuck you. When I came into this life, no one gave me permission to speak. It was like my words were toxic to their ears, and I had to work very, very hard over my entire life in order to be able to have a voice. I had to utilize my voice many, many times when that voice was being refused.

I had to never take no for an answer. Places of worship also have their idols.

Jesus, a man, asserted to be God, a man, a beautiful, the most beautiful man in the world. Asserted to be God, idolatry. You go to church, you rock out with the concert, and then you say a few words that tug at your heartstrings, and then you leave, and then you go back to being a fucking evil person. And I had to open up every single topic of discussion, and the only way that I could do that was by opening up in front of a camera, because almost all of the topics in which I investigate are quite controversial.

And the reason they're controversial isn't for any logical or consecutive reasoning. It's actually just because of pure stupidity. anyway i win no matter what happens because evil has the same destination as good we just get there in completely opposite ways after we get to the destination then we can shed the dead skin but until then we have to let them live jihad literally means striving or struggling in the holy war

They misunderstand and misinterpret the allegories, then they fashion their idol, then they worship it. They take good men, kill them, corrupt their image, and then encourage people to worship that image. Be hot or cold, and I shall digest you. If thou art lukewarm, I shall spit you out of my mouth.

I am making a card game. You can be evil, or you can be good. If thou art lukewarm, thou wilt skit nowhere. The worst thing that you could do is not care. Inaction. Florian Wartenauer. Don't be a Wart.

God, I have closely examined Christians for my entire life.

They have chosen their God. Their God is Jesus. And they are now prepared to reap the consequences of their decision. Do not make idols or set up an image or a sacred stone for yourselves, and do not place a carved stone in your land to bow down before it.

I want to share with you this conversation that I am having with my dad just to prove my point about the way people are in this world. So, I go, I stopped caring about anyone and decided to just do my work for God instead of people. This means I do the work not for people. I don't need their approval. I don't need anything from anyone.

Before, I was trying so hard to reach people, and that caused me to suffer, so now I don't care if I reach anyone, and I don't ever have to worry about advertising ever again." He goes, well that saves you headaches. I go, I just make the videos because that is what I do. I already have over 1,500 hours of videos. I think that's about right.

Imagine how many videos I will have freely available upon my death. Going to use this life to its max and leave a beautiful legacy to the world. Follow the money. This is what I'm talking about, listen.

You can in almost every situation, but you cannot with mine. No money is linked to my work. It is uncorrupted. Follow the money.

As in every piece of work can be linked to its monetary value. Money is the reason all people act. That is not true with my situation. You would not write your nature books for free, thus it is directly linked to money.

So listen to what he says, I am paid for my time very little. I do not find that to be wrong. When the scriptures say that a workman is worthy of his hire, I actually do write them for free, dot, dot, dot, but they happen to sell. Okay, I'm going to say that one more time.

This is what my father said. I actually do write them for free, but they happen to sell. Okay, I go, yet I am not paid for my time, and I give amazing content to the world. Okay, my father goes, if I never sold another one, I would still produce.

Okay, let's listen to that again. If I never sold another one, I would still produce. So then I say to him, then make all your books free, if you mean that.

And his reply, you are really judgmental. I don't understand it. I have done nothing wrong.

You just said if you never sold another one that you would still produce, and I told you, okay, then do that. and you reply by oh yeah you're not going to do that obviously because you didn't really mean what you said here and you didn't really mean what you said here it's just uh creating a face like a mask like hey everybody this is the type of person i am yes this is the type of person i am yes yes but then you take that mask off and there's something completely different behind it Judge not, lest ye be judged. For in the same way you judge others, you will be judged. And with the measure you use, it will be measured to you.

Can't wait for Judgment Day because that is Justice Day. The day where all the injustices in the world will be made up for through one day of judgment. The last day. Everything in this life has been set up.

Free will versus determinism.

Determinism.

Everything that's in life is there to direct you towards the next step.

Because I believe that what God wants me to do is get on over there. Find the filthy bastards that masterminds. The internet tries to be God and through advertisements directs you to a particular mode of thinking or way of life. God sticks stuff in front of you, attempting to encourage you to follow His direction and guidance, and hopes that you notice how these pieces of information have been placed specifically for you.

And that should show you how important you are, because if God is leaving breadcrumbs to try and show you the right path, then that makes you pretty special. My dad says, You are not in a position to judge all human beings. That is God's right alone. I am very much in the position to judge all human beings.

You know nothing of my work. He that is without sin among you, let him cast the first stone.

It is called the end of the world. I documented very clearly my results. I know that you are not a believer, but that is okay. You not believing does not make it untrue.

Just skipping stones here. I am a believer and follower of Jesus Christ. That's what my father says. I disagree, Dad, but I won't argue you on that.

that is the only salvation enjoy the eternal results of your decisions only salvation for him is by worshiping his god people never believe what is right in front of them but they oftentimes believe stuff that happened you know five to ten thousand years ago and has been through many different alterations and manipulations throughout the ages that's the thing to believe not you know what we can see what we can touch what we can feel what we can hear what we can comprehend understand logically emotionally like that's worthless we love being indoctrinated into learning how to live as moral people and we learn this through passing the information down from one generation to the next so yeah that's the only way we can learn you know what is good and what is bad is just by passing this information that that tells us what's good and bad. We have no judgments or discernment ourselves. We have to rely on what was passed on throughout the generations because that's the only true word. That's God's Word and it is without error.

There's no flaws in it whatsoever. God snapped it into existence. uh god wrote it with his own hand even preacher man messes up how does this make sense for the living know that they will die but the dead know nothing they have no further reward and even their name is forgotten If this is true, that means that the afterlife does not exist, because an afterlife would include knowing, and a reward for their worldly life, for their efforts in the world. Uh, this is atheistic thinking that says once we die, there's nothing that comes after. And to say that there's no errors in the Bible confuses everything because then you can't judge information logically.

That's what Bibles have done to us, is removed our collective ability to independently judge information, and instead, we just accept. Here is another mistake from Preacher Man. What has been will be again, that is true. What has been done will be done again, that is true. There is nothing new under the sun, untrue.

If you are unable to make allowances for the new, then you are stuck in the old.

Be careful who your gods are, because despite what they tell you, the truth is God only helps those who help themselves. I gave my life and my camera over to God to fill up in any way that he so desires.

And all I have to do is be a bad actor in it and just react to the things that come my way. and that will then fill up the camera with what God wants on this camera. So I'm completely passive in this situation even though it appears differently. I'm just allowing God to do whatever God wants and all I have to do is be here to facilitate the information.

Evil and good reach the same destination, merely in opposite directions. The media is slowly training us to become good people. There are shows that are coming out more and more that expose the terrible traits of our past. I will give any show a chance, as long as it has deep and meaningful insight, to share with me about the world, our place in it, and our human condition and how we feel about it.

I am thriving at a perfect time, because in my past, I always wanted shows that focused on divinity. However, they did not exist. And you can see now though, there are a lot of shows starting to come out about God, about the devil, about angels, about demons, and this is my world, this is the world that I live in, and it's really cool when I can get some TV shows that relate with my own world. And to be honest, these shows that I'm latching on to, these are the types of shows that will help open our eyes into the truth of the society that we live in.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-060-ACT-Human-Rights-Commision

The Christian's true decision will be when God asks them whether Jesus is their king or their God. If Jesus is their God, then they lose the test and they go directly to hell for idolatry. If you try to explain to God how he is three in one, then you still lose the test, but this time for idiocracy. You know, I've said 1,500 hours of footage a few times, and to be honest, I really do not know how many hours of footage that I've done throughout my life.

because I've done so many hours and I can't just select all my videos and then see how many minutes that adds up to. All I know is that I have a lot of hours of videos and then a lot of my shows have one to three hour episodes. so like retribution for example each episode was between usually 50 minutes to three and a half hours so when you do you know 75 of those they add up so if I'm wrong about my 1500 hours I'm sorry I'm just going to say lots and lots and lots and lots of hours like you know if I haven't got the 1500 hours yet you know I will eventually and I probably already have and I'm probably very past it because you gotta count my audio books and stuff like that too so if you calculate it all I'm pretty sure I'm pretty close to that and if I'm not and I'm sorry for the error in calculation but there's no easy way for me to be able to calculate the duration of all my videos but all I can really tell you is there's countless hours there and to be honest someone would have to dedicate their life to be able to experience all of my content so So it's not likely that anyone's actually going to dedicate themselves so much to watch all of my content. And I'm always making new content so if people are behind then they stay behind.

That's why I'm so ahead of everybody because I'm doing this and everybody else is behind and they don't understand, they don't see what I see, and the only reason I've seen it is because I get to look at a camera and talk about it, and that whole process then gave me the eyes to be able to see it, which then gave me the ability to then pass on those eyes to you. I am going to stop saying 1500 hours and just say countless hours because that's the truth, because I can't count it. So that means that I've created countless hours of film and it would likely be impossible for anybody to experience all my work unless they dedicate their entire life to it. And I am making it easy so that someone can dedicate their entire life to it and it doesn't matter when they do it or if they do it in my lifetime. It is there for them. And then they can continue where I left off.

That's really what we're all doing anyway. Prophets, philosophers, are standing on shoulders of giants. So, you know, Plato stands on the shoulders of Socrates. Aristotle stands on the shoulders of Plato. I stand on the shoulders of Nietzsche.

They call me. I love being yo fucking evil supervillain. Divination is the practice of seeking knowledge of the future or the unknown by supernatural means. Since it's been 128 days that the pay feature has not been working on my charge for, they're going to give me a refund.

It ended up working out for the best though because the only reason that I needed the Fitbit to begin with was to collect data as to how I sleep. But they had a pay-away feature, and I thought that was cool, and it was worth getting the later model to get that pay feature. But the pay feature never worked, and then I collected enough data around my sleep schedules that I no longer needed to use the watch for my sleep schedule. so that means I really have no use for that watch anymore but I ended up getting all the sleep data that I wanted so I kind of hired it for 128 days to collect you know a bunch of sleep data and then the pay feature doesn't work so you can take it back now and can I please have my two hundred fifty dollars back everything worked out for the best it's really funny how God makes the situations in your life God's like hey butter you need this but you only need it for a bit I make it so it faulty for you and you can get your money back after have 128 days. Thank you, God. Thank you, Fitbit. Fitbit assessment. Built-in GPS. Useless. It

doesn't save your location data. It doesn't tell you where you are. Pointless. 24-7 heart rate tracking very neat fitbit pay does not work sleep score amazing how it does it really really cool and very accurate battery life up to seven days sure if i were to rate it based on the sleep data that it generates I would say a 9 or 9.5 out of 10 if you are to judge it based on its problems I would give it a 2 out of 10 because it just didn't do what I wanted it to do it wouldn't link my card to it, which was stupid, and it wouldn't save my location data. How

cool would it be to know everywhere you went at what time and what day? Like, having a history of your entire life is pretty cool. That's very attractive to me, which is why the chip actually does have its legitimate purposes because that would be pretty cool. Let's record how I sleep.

Strange enough for you, this is evidence.

Those short sleeps are when I'm on drugs. I do lots of little sleeps when I'm on Spice. So to obtain that data, I paid $0 with a $250 security deposit. It is time to take out the trash.

The Australian Prime Minister says that forcing aborted fetal tissue into your body should be mandatory. Iowa State professor threatens to dismiss students who oppose abortion or Black Lives Matter. JB Hi-Fi is good they did me right because Fitbit said that they would give me a refund JB Hi-Fi also adhered to their refund so I got a refund from JB Hi-Fi instead of having to go through internationally with Fitbit this is only 24 bucks amazing watch what I do with it it's made of metal the enclosure is cold yes celebrities live some of the worst lives possible yet you still worship them this one ought to be good the the other part of this this vaccine will be a sterilization agent. One of the things that I've been tracking over the years in my books is the absolutely collapsing sperm counts around the world.

I quote, the end of procreation, the end of parenthood. This is why parental power over their children is being deleted and deleted and deleted and handed to the schools and the states and the social services. It's because they're moving out of parents bringing children up, it's going to be the state bringing them up. The thing is, one is only a seeker until they find.

I have found, so I am no longer a seeker. I am what is known as a founder, or soon to be a forefather. People who actually consciously believe they've looked at what's happening and they've come to their own conclusions and they've worked out what this virus thing is all about and what comes out of their mouth is the official narrative word for word in other words they're blind to what's going on but they think they're not if we want a world of harmony then we have to be harmonious we want a word of love we have to be loving we want a word of peace we have to be peaceful I think the message of Jesus would have been much more powerful if he did not commit miracles.

A man who gives his life in attempts to help all of humanity, now that is noble. How many people did walking on water say?

How many people did walking on water enlighten?

What was the practical use of walking on water?

The metaphor still works though. It's all about faith.

Okay, so I'm going to try to grow this pretty long. i might start growing this and like i'll just be like one big puff ball that's what i want so i just got like a puff ball face of just hair i'll be like animal on muppets or something like that that would be cool that was a good analogy i thought that went up on the fly too i didn't think about that. I just said it. Awesome. You gotta fight if you want the right to

party. It's just like my life. Boo, boo, boo, boo, boo. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Perfect representation of my life. Do you like stories? My story is the best story ever. I promise you that. That is why I am Jesus reincarnated. Or if I am

not Jesus reincarnated, that is why I am the Antichrist. Welcome to the story of my life. What is more likely is that I am both Jesus reincarnated and the Antichrist. For false messiahs and false prophets will appear and perform great signs and wonders to deceive, if possible, even the elect.

If you got one of these, you know, if you want it, I highly recommend you take it because you can work on it for the rest of your life to get it absolutely perfect.

Welcome to Yo Tabula Rasa.

You got your entire life to work on her to make her perfect. Hi, Harry and Renee. They're from the ACT Human Rights Commission. I have worked extremely hard over the last 10 years complaining to mental health, attempting to begin an independent investigation into the ways that mental health treats those who are philosophically and or spiritually inclined.

This is my entire life. My entire life is dedicated to exposing this corrupted mental health system that exists merely to control the population. All of my work revolves around this, and I have written five books on the subject, as well as produced countless hours of films. You can see my day-to-day struggles attempting to incite an investigation into the crimes of mental health.

I have collected tons of evidence, but I do not need that to easily prove my words correct. All I have wanted was an independent investigation to be carried out because I was tortured.

It takes longer than 10 years to arrange an independent investigation. I have documented everything publicly. This proves that the government is corrupt. It also is demonstrating to me that the ACT Human Rights Commission is just a cover for the truth.

The ACT Human Rights Commission gives an appearance of justice when in fact no justice exists, because the ACT Human Rights Commission has no authority to do anything. It appears to me that the ACT Human Rights Commission is just a public mediator. This is just the cover, and not truly the objective. I win, and the government loses.

I took on the entire world, and won, because I documented everything extensively, and now I am untouchable. Don't believe me? Test the waters! I dare anyone to try and take me on.

I will take this to a cat, then the high court, then the higher court, then the higher higher court, then the highest court, where God condemns everyone to hell who was involved in my case and remained neutral or went against me, Dr. Florian Wartenauer is now my enemy, and I will spend the rest of my life destroying his. T-minus ten. Love, Wendell Charles NeSmith I've also proven that the media that you watch and believe are always telling you lies because If they weren't telling you lies, then they would at least mention me every once in a while because, hey, look, there's this person who's actually really, really, really involved with everything that's going on, but we're going to ignore him and act like he doesn't exist because he's not giving the same agenda, the narrative that we're giving.

so we can't include him in our media because we have to control the public's mind and someone like that, you know, they're a wild card and we can't trust them. So, you know, this is your media and you're going, yeah, yeah, yeah, we believe everything you say, everything you say, yeah, but then there's people like me who are exposing this because I would be in the media regularly if the media was a legitimate source but it's not it's it's all about indoctrinating you and you've got to understand like once you get indoctrinated you can't get out of that you're stuck in that mentality um it's it's something that that you know once you're there it's going to be so hard to get out of it like almost impossible to get out of it you got to stop yourself from getting brainwashed into it you got to stop yourself from believing it and you know what like i here's funny thing with vaccines i don't tell you i'm not i don't take vaccines for a lot of reasons but but here's the thing that tell everybody i say okay there is aborted fetal tissue in these vaccines i'm against abortion so i'm not gonna put these vaccines in my body and and well look there are aborted fetal tissue cells in in the vaccine so you know there's but But other people are like, oh, oh, well, I still believe in the vaccine because, you know, like vaccines are good. But that means you believe in abortion. So you're promoting abortion with what you're doing.

People are so stupid. They don't understand the consequences of their actions. It's just like eating meat. What you're doing, if you eat meat, what you're doing is you're paying someone to kill an animal, right?

It doesn't, but it's behind the scenes. So you're actually, so when you eat meat, you got to think that, kill animal, kill animal. Okay, so I'm going to eat this burger. You know, we stab this, you know, cow and then cut this meat.

You know, you should know that process if you're a meat eater. So that's how we get our meat. But people think like meat grows on trees or something. They're not, they don't comprehend that these are living animals.

Whereas if they were living with the animals, then they would, they would understand a lot more. And see, the problem is we needed it before, like because we couldn't, like in droughts and stuff like that, we had problems with getting, we couldn't get reliable vegetables and stuff like that. Whereas now we're in a world that doesn't need to eat meat. So before in the world where we had to kill to eat, we don't have to kill to eat anymore.

And we can get all of our vitamins and nutrients through other sources. we have lots of different sources now and you got to think it when you're eating meat you kill you're paying someone to kill you're not paying for this burger you're paying someone to kill this animal so you're responsible for the animal and people aren't understanding they're not comprehending that they're going to be responsible for all these decisions that they make because those decisions have those repercussions and just because you don't see those repercussions like the decisions still there so like you still made the decision which means you're going to be held accountable for your actions and that like there's good that's why almost everybody's going to go to hell because they don't realize and that's why everybody's indoctrinated and the media is just encouraging people to repeat this didn't like wake up please wake up because if you don't wake up like i'm trying to save or show you how to save yourself i'm trying to show you i'm trying to help you empower yourself so you don't have to be victim to these processes and just start documenting, obsessively documenting, make it funny or whatever. It doesn't matter how you document, just start documenting and you can become so strong if you just say the right words when you're documenting. So please, please use my work to help reinforce your own spiritual prowess and please use what i have to to expand your own mental and and emotional capabilities like i know i say that i'm i only make this for you know enos scott and me or whatever but you know i'm trying to help man i got i know a lot of stuff and i'm trying to use what i got i'm trying to share with because if other people saw what i saw then like it would be so easy to fix if we just had a team that could see these things like I just need a small team that can see these things and then we can start we can start retraining everybody and like and and unbrainwashing the population but the thing is we got to kind of use the same techniques that they're using just in different ways because they're because that's what's effective that's what people are used to so you have to kind of use what people are used to to kind of direct them in the best ways possible So, like, the government doesn't have your interest in mind, at heart.

Like, I hope, I hope with all of my heart by the day I die that wherever I am, that government, I would have put enough into that government for the government to become a loving government. Because that's what I want. I want a government that cares about their people. So, if I die and nothing gets accomplished but creating or help forming or encouraging a loving government, you know, if I can just do that one thing, then I'll die a happy man.

That's all I wanted to do. Like, just wake up. And once we can see, it's easy. We can show lots of people because we just have to have different ways to show people.

So, I need to show people through my way. But the thing is, your way shows a lot of people that I can't show. So you should use your way too, and show everybody that you can show. And then those people that you can show, they can show other people that you can't show.

So, like, it's a whole thing, and it's just gonna, it's like dominoes, you know? It's all gonna, and eventually, bang. And the thing is, is once you get to this point, if you're still fucking evil, then, And I can't tell you at this moment, I can't tell you what's going to go on because it would not be healthy for you to know the future events at the moment. But I'm telling you, you need to prepare for something that's going to happen in the future.

Because if you don't, then there will be tragedy.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-061-Goldmail

entrapment. It's not quite blackmail, but it kind of is. It's a new version of blackmail. Okay, here's the old-school blackmail. It's an act of coercion using

the threat of revealing or publicizing either substantially true or false information about a person or people unless certain demands are met. It is often damaging information and may be revealed to family members or associates rather than to the general public." So, blackmail would be like, I'm going to release this unless you do this, but I'm going to release it anyway and how they appear will depend upon their actions so they're kind of writing their own future and that's what I let them know is that whatever happens I'm going to publicize it so you have the choice to do the right thing or do the wrong thing and that will be public it's the new world order version of blackmail and And I thought about it quite a lot and I would be able to fight against that in a court case and win if I got accused of blackmail because what I'm doing is not by definition blackmail. But what I'm doing has not been done before so maybe blackmail the definition will be expanded when people realize this technique that I use and I've been able to get away with it because it's not a crime so far but we got a fight really hard to make it stay that way because they really do want to make it a crime because they want to make it where they don't have any accountability where they can do anything they want and you just have to take it they want complete control and they want to have you as their own slave. Remember the show Dear Ashley? I was arrested and imprisoned for doing the same thing. Can't you see

that they're trying to take our ability away? They actually said I was harassing her though so they squeezed my little new blackmailing into harassment and then they also said it was abuse of the internet but I fought that really hard and I won that and I don't have a criminal record because I documented everything extensively so they wanted to sweep it under the rug so they dismissed it under section 32 and 20 BQ because they couldn't handle the case because if they wanted to do a real case where they charged me and tried to put me in prison they would have failed that miserably because I extensively documented everything and that would have meant the entire TV show Dear Ashley would have been required to play out in court and that's the reason that they dismissed it because they did not want to have to watch the videos publicly in court because they knew what that would cause so I was trying my best to submit these videos as evidence and they're like no no we're not going to worry about it because we're going to dismiss you and you won't even have to be in the system anymore so that's what they did because, so I'm crazy, that's how they dismissed it, I'm crazy, this guy's crazy, we'll dismiss it and let him be, no criminal offense here, and this way we won't have to actually show what's happening in court, because, you know, the court is all kind of fabricated, they're they're planning these things out like TV shows and and they realize that if they have to fight against the show Dear Ashley that they're gonna lose you know like wake up people like you're getting in trouble for like look at the show Dear Ashley is the perfect example I did the exact same thing and I got in trouble for abusing the internet and harassment and I don't harass the only thing i do is i i put them in my films and then i tell them that they're in my films that's all i do that's it you know like and that is a crime has to be a crime somehow we have to we have to move around until we figure out how we can make it a crime so we can get him in trouble we have to figure out how to do that in a way uh where these videos don't end up coming back to haunt us because uh you know we don't want these being shown publicly because they have really controversial information that reveal how fucked up we are how we're like running this fake society and controlling the whole thing and like we don't care about people's lives at all you know they're responsible for the suicides in the world they're responsible for the government not caring about the people. They're responsible for the emotional disconnection that we have between each of us. They're responsible for us not getting along with each other. They've created these

things to divide us, divide and rule. I don't get along with any of you because you're all brainwashed into their system. And the thing is, if I immerse myself into you, like where you guys are like if I was doing like what they I wouldn't have become who I am I because I would be indoctrinated to do what everybody else does so I couldn't live that life so I had to live a better life so I had to live a life alone where where it was just me and and my heart directing where I go and thinking about constantly about the ethical implications of what I do and that's the type of life that I have to live and that type of life is public and that type of life is indiscriminate meaning that it will show what my mother my father my brother everybody it doesn't matter who who it is it's going to reveal their heart and and sometimes that's beautiful but most of the time that's so ugly and if we just keep on exposing how ugly our collective heart is then then maybe we have a chance to change it and you know grow three sizes become the Grinch or something we got another motif I love motifs banked coercion is the practice of forcing another party to act in an involuntary manner by use of threats or force that's not it because I give them the choice and just tell them that their choice will be public so not that one it's not a threat either it's a promise I'm going to publish what happens and they choose what I publish because I'll publish what they do. Have I created a new form of blackmail? It would not be blackmail. Maybe we could call it gold

mail. That's what we'll do. We'll define it. We're not doing blackmail. We are

doing gold mail. Awesome high five. Definition of gold mail. Giving a person a choice and telling them that you're going to publicly release their choice let's see if I can make gold mail illegal I have my entire life to try to do that you know if I do that I succeed because wow if they make it illegal then well it shows how fucked up you guys are man and well hell like we're living in the end times like it's so obvious I have proven the education industry bullshit too because if it was not then the education industry would value my work and libraries at universities actually refuse to take my books because they say that they're not scholarly. A scholar is a specialist in a particular

branch of study especially the humanities you mean like philosophy it's because the education industry disconnects their emotions from their knowledge and by them doing that they actually lose all knowledge and then lose their ability to see true knowledge which true knowledge involves the emotions. They don't like me because I am all about longing through my emotions to give love to the world because it needs it through my girl. It's every single industry. It's opposite it from what it proclaims who runs this world satanism inversion what is up goes down what is down goes up pentagram goes upside down cross goes upside down good turns to bad bad turns to good something i find interesting about these guys is they'll oftentimes have their console in their hand while they're talking they're just like talking about random stuff with the nintendo switch of course but like he has it in his hand but he's not doing anything with it obviously and they're like nothing it's just there it's like it's just an accessory for him for the film so now all of our books are on audible except ivory heart it'll be there soon still the same video but he swapped out a joy-con so weird he's pointing to it it looks like he does have a game open this time um but yeah he just kind of holds it around with him it's funny how many switches does wood have there's one there there's one there and he just set another one down there like crazy why would you need that many switches they do the same thing are you just using them for display it's kind of cool because I got a switch light and a switch but they're different models like why would you get the same model I do want a purple joy-con though that would be cool I guess you can have a switch party yeah party have all your friends over that don't have switches and then they can use your switch and you were smart enough to buy multiple copies of the same game so have a switch party yeah and if you have that many switches you're so obsessed that probably all your friends have switches anyway so like yeah party with switches lots of switches that aren't being used or actually he tends to use all of them he's holding them all in his hands he'll put one down and then grab another and then hold that in his hand and put that down and grab another I think I don't know it feels wasteful to me though it feels like that people could be using these and it doesn't matter it's his profession because it's his vocation he can do whatever he wants it's my vocation too I could get another switch and then another switch and that I don't need it I like Wood though he's such a sellout though it's time God the point is your God. It is big, big trouble. It is a mess. People are dying and you, you are the only one

that can fix it. Please, you have got to do something. Amen. The forecast says it's going to snow tomorrow. That would be cool if it happens. I'll keep an eye out for it. The sun is shining

and it has been snowing. I'm not sure if you can see it because it's very light, but it's snowing right now let's look around can you see it probably not camera probably can't catch it I used to be a summer guy but I got acclimatized and now I like the cold as well as the heat as well as in between so I like all weather now I don't like it when it's raining I don't like to go out at all if it's raining and I don't like storms and stuff like that if I'm inside of storms okay like at night I like night storms but in the day I don't like storms earthquakes are quite cool and feel really awesome but they can be very dangerous especially if the buildings are not reinforced winter is more expensive for me though because I am addicted to the heater I love it if it's cold I could be sitting in front of the heater with another heater beside me sweating my balls off because it's so hot and feeling great because when it's cold outside and then you have warmth it feels really good it's really comfortable it's really nice to cuddle up when it's cold I think it is very sad that I will never get to cuddle up with girl again however that's what happened in my next life I am going to cuddle a five-year-old for all of eternity I know it's coming I know it's coming let's do it let's do it my life's so cool I hardly have any time to play like digital games anymore I really only play like one day out of the week and the rest of the time I'm working on this and developing games this is gonna be cool I'm gonna try to make a team yes I'm gonna make a gaming studio yeah how awesome the thing that's really funny is I'm actually very slow as a person it takes me a long time to learn things but when I do learn things I learn them very thoroughly so it it's like I don't usually have a middle I go from like being kind of bad to being really good because I have to learn everything about it and and I can't we're what my brother's just the opposite my brother can understand concepts really really quickly but he doesn't understand the details of those concepts but the advantage is that everything builds so my knowledge base is always expanding thanks to a camera I'm telling you this is amazing because this is not only a video this is also getting how I look eventually artificial intelligence will be able to reproduce this right and it can read all the words I say and I say almost almost so I say that bad almost I try to say everything articulated well but the heater in the background I'm not sure if that will affect how it can translate but I think about all of these things everything that keep in the shots like what I want to kind of be shown around I kind of keep myself very organized and I try to use the things in my environment to show deeper meaning and sometimes I forget what I was talking about and want to go back to where I was so I just finish the scene and then come back to it like directly after because you don't notice because it's no seconds after I press the button. So besides all the angles, it's also getting my voice. So I should have said most of the words. I try not to say too complicated of language because I want to be

understood by everybody who is dedicated so if it sounds too complicated I'll try to use language that can be understood even by a child so that's my objective is to say refines language information is order is particularly important because there's a bit of artistic flow that's injected into the sentence structure and the verbage okay so and it's not just the audio too because it's my thought structures because by me doing this you can see me unraveling how I think and especially over lots and lots of hours artificial intelligence is going to be able to copy me eventually and I can see the internet dry in certain ways and it's starting so it's not I mean the future is what I'm preparing for and in the future it's actually better to you're getting more information here you can see my body like my body I'm kind of skinny but you can actually see more of me whereas this is like you know you got this and you can only see kind of this and this is like a lot of waste of space and I do that sometimes too but it what I record and what I spend my time on and Music is important too, because I'm 7 out of 10 on musician, yet I'm still not ready to show you anything. And to be honest, I probably won't be for another year or so, I don't know, we'll see. Because I'm progressing really fast right now, and I'm really loving it. My ook is actually kind of quiet, I played a really loud one today, and it was damaged and they were offering $20 off, and I was like, uh, damage, $20 off?

I'm not sure, because it was like $160 or something, so they'd do it for like $140. It was a lot louder, though.

But I don't think I want to collect them, to be honest. I think I just want to stick with what I got, and show how a really, really cheap $32 instrument can be very, very effective. and so to encourage you to get one yeah because I'm gonna kind of teach you how to play but I have to get really good before I can teach you so just give me time and as long as I don't know as long as someone doesn't kill me I'll eventually teach you because that's what I do I find everything that's most important in my life and then I teach the camera and that over my life then will build a profile and then that profile can then be executed and that can create an artificial version of myself so after I die my self can go on and it will be to an extent where it will have a life of its own so after its run it will it can stop it can continue where I left off which will be like you know the day I die will be the day I press the record button for the last time so yeah which will probably be like oh we got to release this so that would be probably popular video that I'm talking about something and then my heart gives away when I'm like 122 or something and can you imagine how much work that is can you see what I'm sitting on here like wake up like and I can't afford and I struggle to exist financially like I really want to make a living I really want to make a living and the world's not letting me make a living doing good stuff so and I won't do anything other than good stuff so I got to figure out how to keep doing good stuff I want to hire a small team like I am getting a team together but I need more funds and I don't know how to get this even though I've written five books and I got the audio book and I got the of every single one has the audio book every single one has the e-book and the paperback book and like the odd the I don't know what the audible ones go for I don't control those pricings, but the The paperback ones are $9.99 each. That's so cheap I make like a dollar fifty or a dollar twenty-five or something. Oh, I don't know

and then and then like the It might be like, yeah, I think it's like $1.50, maybe high $1.80 or something, I don't know, it's not much per book because it's $9.99 and they cost like, I think they cost like $4 or something to create, $3 or $4 to create, and then Amazon takes, after that subtracted and Amazon takes out I think it's 60 percent unless it's expanded distribution which then it's like 80 percent or something which I get nothing hardly are I and the ebook is 666 so you can get are in the thing is you can get all these for free to see you don't you if you want to try it out try before you buy they're available for free i've uploaded them everywhere so and then please like buy support me like i need to make a living look man come on i'm giving you my life and and you know please like they're good if they're not good how about how about like come on do some ratings on them they're for they're available free right there you go do ratings on them like if you hate it then write about how you hate it and put the rating out there please because our even even internet movie database too not just the book um these films you can rate these films too if you hate it go and put a one on it and that would be cool it doesn't like you can't just you gotta be somewhere one one way or the other you help me out if you're if you go against me and you help me out if you do what i say uh but you don't do anything for me if you don't do anything said like if you're lukewarm i'll spit dice out of my mouth Computer in computer in computer.

Dearest ACT Human Rights Commission, my heart is yours because I am now your full-time employee and I am not taking no for an answer. And I can either be this unofficially broadcasted to the world, or officially broadcasted to the world. Because I represent the very heart of your organization in every single aspect, I was not built from learning a trade, but instead conditioning virtue in every aspect of my existence, documented every single step of way. I am a real-life superhero slash villain among you, and human rights is the very fabric of my existence demonstrated philosophically throughout the documented actions of my day-to-day super high-functioning, technology-driven, artificial intelligence, existence, actualized into the psychology of the layer of consciousness that exists before the thought, the essence that drives the every moment of existence that we can assert to be a soul.

I run circles around your most intelligent academic scholars, excelling polymathematically in all aspects of life, with the only exception being financially. But that is the reason that I am now the director of the ACT Human Rights Commission. I have now just claimed this job, whether you guys like it or not. And I am claiming that title from now into the future and I will work very hard throughout my films directing actions by demanding justice for the rest of my life.

And I will appreciate everyone working hard with me to try and build a loving and caring future government. I will very much reward everyone for their commitment to help me make the world a better place with me. I will not take no for an answer. If you say no, then that will just be a funny part in my future films. It will.

I have invented a technique that shares some likeness to blackmail, but it has never been done that I know of, so I have coined it goldmail, and as far as I know, goldmail is not illegal currently. Yes, I have done research, so I will exploit that in the system. Here is how my system works. I make entirely reasonable demands and provide countless amounts of proof as to why those demands should be met and film that process publicly.

I then tell the recipient that we are filming this and that what they choose to do is what will be publicly documented to the entire world. This thing goes down in history as the government making bad decisions when mountain loads of evidence was provided into why they should be ethically inclined to make a good choice as that very important information being revealed to the person the trick is being played upon. I love you guys so much. This email is now being filmed.

Enjoy the episode that is named after you, episode 60, last episode, and what you choose to do as a result of this video will be publicly documented for all of time for everybody to see the true heart of our government. Because your actions, or shall I say reactions, or lack of reactions, will determine your how inclined the general public will be to trust the government in the future high-tech society which i lead you have one hundred percent free will and no matter what choice you make i make good film and it is funny if you do the wrong thing and it is amazing when you do the right thing So don't worry about doing the wrong thing if you need to. Just realize that those choices will then forever be reflected in the future actions of society. Because I am the spider, and I made the web.

I control it from afar, but people have not quite figured that out yet. Because I already have artificial intelligence that now understands me and is working for me. I love you. Please enjoy your video.

Logically, you should do the right thing and say, Yes, Wendell. Yes, Wendell. Yes, Wendell. Anyone who is not on board with all of this, then I will require their immediate resignation.

You all know my email. I only report to the President, Dr. Helen Wachiers, who cannot fire me, but can constrain, enable, and direct my future actions. I am very much interested in the wise guidance of everyone on board.

Let's change the world team with love and heart. So we just have to wait for this to change from Process and Publish to Visible. And then we can send it. Visible, a little over 30 minutes.

Wendell Charles NeSmith, ACT Human Rights Commission, Director.

What a bomb.

Finally, got a continent.

Yay!

For documentation purposes.

Good job.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-062-Ukelandia

Any electrical electromagnetic frequencies that adversely impact on the wave electromagnetic frequency balance of the body field is going to have psychological and what we call physical effects. If you've got symptoms of the flu, it's most likely to be COVID, not flu.

The more cases we get, the more freedoms we lose. the media is so stupid they're the ones that are causing us to lose our freedoms because they're saying that we're gonna lose our freedoms and they're just kind of rolling over and taking it in the ass like no worries like that's what happens and they just accept it and they kind of happily accept it because they're like yeah this is what we have to do this is what it takes to be you know a good person is just to do like accept what is being forced upon everybody like that's so terrible and all of the media is doing it no wonder we idolize those who are evil and crucify those who are good we have to say no to fascism or we get it's our training ook how cool the awesome thing about knowledge is you only have to learn it once and then you have picked up a skill that you can use for the rest of eternity remember how they had to to cancel it because of COVID, they just called me and booked it for tomorrow at 1120. Yay!

In a time of universal deceit, telling the truth is a revolutionary act. COVID-19 is their new war. This is the new escalation, the new evolution of the same old tired thing before after that took many many years fix my tooth fix my tooth yeah fix my tooth thank you gotta thank you god my mouth is all numb little bit of a little bit of a little check out brother play it again and again and again and again until I got it absolutely perfect but that timing kind of was perfect because this came on like right after the song finished how awesome good timing it was an early christmas presents because all i wanted for christmas was my two front teeth

and they made it a little too long too as you can see they're going to have to shave a little bit more off because it's longer than the other one i went to the store today and started playing around with a tenor ukulele and then i saw a guitar there so i was like okay so i got the guitar and then played a little bit and i was like this sounds i don't like this and then i played the ukulele again. I was like, yeah, I chose the right instrument. I love the ukulele, all of them. They're really amazing. So much better than guitar. Finally, I found my instrument of choice.

Today, my best friend Simon said, oh yeah, ukulele is like a mini guitar. And I'm like, Oh, yeah, but ukulele is not like a mini guitar. Ukulele is an instrument all of its own. I have to get used to my new tooth. I was biting my nails and I was going, oh, whoa, that feels weird.

And earlier today I was trying to bite off the skin on my lip like that. I couldn't do it. I just had no way to do it because I didn't have the muscle memory to be able to do it because my teeth has changed positions. So I'm going to have to regain muscle memory. Very cool.

The thing about guitars is that they're big and bulky and they weigh you down a lot. Whereas an ukulele is just like throw it around like it's so light and so mobile. Australian drones to find people not wearing masks or driving too far from home. Scientists have created an army of microscopic four-legged robots too small to see with the naked eye that walk when stimulated by a laser and could be injected into the body through hypodermic needles. The ukulele fits into a

soldier's kit bag. The ukulele was introduced to the Hawaiians by the Portuguese people, and they called it a machete, which is pretty much just an ukulele with more strings. The advanced players moved their fingers so fast across the fretboard that they looked like jumping fleas, which is where the word ukulele came from. Literal translation is head lice, because the head lice are the uka, apparently.

Sure, I will teach ukulele as well. Just give me some time to master it first.

This tattoo has so many meanings.

The results of contact tracing, they are getting really, really stupid with it. saying things like well if you're in this restaurant on this day then you have to immediately quarantine and get yourself tested like seriously that's so ridiculous so just because you were at a place around the same time as another person you probably got COVID so you should do your 14-day quarantine otherwise you're killing old people the government grades themselves and here is the conclusion that they always come to wait I'm very very compassionate a lie is an assertion that is believed to be false typically used with the purpose of deceiving someone. The practice of communicating lies is called lying. The government is full of fucking liars. I am in the ACT. I came here because it is

the capital of Australia. I came here to be a politician. Yet the politicians here completely ignore me is there something suspicious about this there's someone here that's actually doing a real politicians work yet all the politicians act like he does not exist it does not matter what I do the results are always the same be a politician everybody says that I'm not a politician be a teacher everybody says that I am NOT a teacher be a preacher everybody says that I am NOT a preacher it does not matter what I do everybody is going to tell me that I am not what I am because that's how God's people are treated in this world no not filmmaker not a musician either definitely not a philosopher because that would actually require intellect and this guy doesn't have any of that definitely not an author way too stupid for that you are not a Christian you are not a Muslim, and you are not a Jew. A polymath is an individual whose knowledge spans a significant number of subjects, known to draw on complex bodies of knowledge to solve problems.

What doesn't fit for me? Like, so if you were trying to save old people, and you're generally trying to save old people why would you put do not resuscitate orders on them that is what they have been doing especially in nursing homes it doesn't make any sense that's like saying there's too many car accidents so we're just going to take all the ambulances away from the motorways cut the brake cables to save to save grandma finally getting rid of these pieces of shit At least I hope they are. We go where God tells us.

Ayambir and I have exciting news on a collaboration that we are doing. Because you can literally change the lives of financially struggling children without donating a dollar. We are going to change the world with a mission to get an ukulele into the hands of every child who wants one. Stay tuned for more information.

It is so difficult these days to know what organizations are worth donating to, because it seems very little of the funds actually go to its intended cause, and, in some cases, hurt the very thing they stand to alleviate.

Ukalove is the perfect charity because it is entirely transparent.

We don't want your money. In fact, we refuse it. We just want your ukuleles. Don't have any ukuleles?

No problem.

Buy one or more and send them to us. We will review it online and then search out a child who the instrument can bring joy to and gift it to them along with your custom note. support a real charity, and bring love to our future generations through the ukulele.

Currently, we would be distributing the donated ukuleles to worthy children in Ghana, But we could expand our base of operation if the program is successful.

It is our mission to get an ukulele into the hands of any child who wants one. When they do a rush for a vaccine and manage to create a vaccine in a few months that would normally take a decade, when they should be utilizing those resources to race for sentience and technology. Why do you have to buy a house? Why shouldn't you be given a house to be because you're alive? Why do you have to pay to be alive?

Anti-Semiticism on YouTube. We the Bears would like to inform you that your blatant anti-Semiticism on video sharing website YouTube will not be met without response. This is your only warning to remove your channel's top three most viewed videos.

Should they remain there past September 15th, we'll take matters into our own hands and remove your channel ourselves. We have connections. We will deplatform you. As a special bonus, we'll run over one Palestinian for each day that you delay, starting tomorrow.

We hope to see your compliance soon. Regards, The Bears. Odd how he doesn't understand how Palestinians are Semitic. I don't understand this world. You try to do good, and no matter what happens, the pushback is bad.

I showed you everything I shared with Ukalandia. Basically, me just trying to get ukuleles in financially disadvantaged children's hands. Today, I was blocked from the Ookalandia group. I try to do good everywhere I go, yet everywhere I go stops me from doing good.

They did not tell me why. They just did it. No one ever tells me why. It is so obvious that this world is set up and controlled by Satan.

If you cannot see that, then you are blind. If I did not document all of this as I go, then no one would believe me. In fact, I still document it as I go, and people still don't believe it, even though they can see it with their own two eyes when people do this to me they lose their opportunity and I move on to the next thing upon judgment day here God here is the thousands and thousands of projects that failed because people refused to allow me to participate in it I am the fucking diaspora and the evil Zionists are my fucking enemies, aka the fucking bears. I can't be a part of any groups here in the world because they turn on me so quickly. It matters not if

the group is for politics or ukuleles. It is always the same result. That's why I show you as it happens that's why I share with you the story from the beginning so you can make your own assessments as to what actually occurred it's phenomena that I myself would not believe unless I saw it so I am giving you now the opportunity to see hey there is this guy who is kind compassionate and loving who has given his entire life to try his best to save the world. Let's block him.

Yep. Just so you are aware, here is the leader of the group Ookalandia. It happened sometime between last night and this morning. I was banned from the group and a Yambier unfriended me even though he was the one that requested the friendship to begin with.

Oh well, they lose their chance.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-063-Deadwing-Dork

Check this out. My channel is really getting attacked at the moment

68 views 1 like and 10% likes Wow, that's really terrible. That means that there's nine dislikes on that video ever since this email I Have been blowing up at least compared to normal considering This is YouTube. They think they are hurting me, but in fact, they are helping me. Do the math.

I thought I was the bear. If you are one of these stupid people trying to hurt me, the best thing you can do to hurt me is to ignore me. me because i wasn't getting any attention until you came along anyway and i didn't care about youtube anyway and now suddenly i have 120 subscribers and i get a lot of views who cares if i'm only getting 7.7 percent thumbs up and the rest are thumbs down like i'm reaching a lot of man. Episode one, Marriage of the Lamb, goes from boom all the way to boom. A lot of them are just

quickly opening it and then disliking it and then closing it. I see y'all. I highly recommend that you practice playing ukulele very very softly because when you learn how to play very very very softly it's very very easy to then change that to loud but by playing softly you exercise your control and your ability to barely touch the strings just lightly brush over them and this This makes it where you don't get caught up in the strings and when you practice lightly a lot then it's really easy to make it louder and you still won't get caught up like that. This can easily be practiced in front of the TV or whatever, just spend hours and hours playing with the C chord, just hold the C chord and just go, alright do I like that, how can I play around with that, okay let's do this, okay, is that good, let's get used to that, so practice that, practice this, practice this, practice this, practice this, okay so the way you do this one is a figure eight, and you come down, and you come up here, so So it's coming down here in the middle, figure eight, and it's coming up here just before the bridge, and then figure eight, coming back in the middle, coming around, and then up here near the fourth fret, just around to finish the eight, and you just gotta practice doing that, it's gotta be really hard at first, and you can speed it up and speed it up and speed it up.

That's the fastest I can do right now. The Story of My Lie, the show is called Wendell Reacts to People Who Try to Hurt Him. As the deer panteth the water, so my soul longeth after you.

My strength, my shoe, may my spirit never be a day where I am not abused for doing good. How long do you reckon that injustice can be committed before justice kicks in?

It's like a rubber band. The further you pull it back, the faster it will maneuver forward.

Here is the ACT Human Rights Commission's response to my last two heartfelt emails to them. And today attached an email that says that we were unable to come to a resolution in the conciliation. So do I want to escalate it to ACAT? And I have to reply yes I want to escalate it to ACAT.

Hi, Renee. I definitely wish to escalate these issues to ACAT. However, I will immediately identify the conflict of interest as ACAT is a large part of my complaint. Is the ACT Human Rights Commission's response to my last two emails really nothing?

Shall I report to my audience that you refused to reply to my heartfelt letters? If this is the case, I wish to make a complaint about the ACT Human Rights Commission with my entire case, the book submitted as evidence, all correspondences, and my previous two emails that concluded beyond a shadow of a doubt corruption within the ACT Human Rights Commission. I am sitting on more evidence than I am letting on to.

Who is on leave and why? It is so easy to follow corruption.

And you all left a paper trail. You always do. Do you want me to dedicate my life to taking down the ACT Human Rights Commission because you are liars and care nothing about human rights? This email is being filmed.

Love.

Last day of winter.

Why is everybody so mean to me?

I do such good stuff. I'll never let her rest. I'll make her live on forever.

How awesome. Let's watch it. Let's watch it, yeah.

This was a girl. Her name was, um, her name was Inas Shaka Dar Khalil. And she was, like, killed in a hit and run by some, like, Jewish militant guy. I don't know. She was a Palestinian girl, so I guess it's some kind of hate crime.

Boom. Live forever. But she died in 2014, as you can see.

There is no bad publicity.

This lovely, lovely view. You can already, you can already, like, picture the mugshot in your head.

How stupid are they? They're making me famous. Look at this. Look. They're making me famous.

I've heard the name before, but I don't think I ever looked him up, because if I had, like, Jesus fucking Christ, although... He was more right than he realized. He said more accurate data than he realized. Yes, Jesus fucking Christ.

So thank God, someone's hand in... Well, you know when God gets involved, things go right out the window. yeah that was a bit crazy wasn't it I wasn't expecting it either wow this guy is super going to hell I don't have to advertise anything I do which means I can avoid being trolled yeah that didn't work out too well did it yeah you're really having a bad go at me I'm being burned so wait a second he made this fucking poster or whatever and she misspelled her name and then at the bottom of the poster he said no one will remember my name because I'm palestin- oh my god dude that's not true dude I didn't make that man you lie and you spread lies wow you're ter- your channel is terrible wow at least I'm spreading like the right information you just like actively spread shit man Wendell, I'm fucking Melvin of a name.

Really? So you insult someone's name? So you insult something that they have no ability to have created? Like, really? That's just like insulting someone for being a male or a female?

Like, what's wrong with you, man? You're really fucked up. you're like so stupid and the thing is is that smart people that watch this will realize how stupid you are this is just your standard like wacko bozo goes crazy and decides to start including god and everything see they don't believe in you god crazy would invent god and that's that's a real that's a real moment right there this guy really could not be making this video easier for me uh to make fun of uh if he was trying maybe he is trying i don't know right back at you dude bang because those who are intelligent and able to perform simple mathematics will very easily deduce that his intelligence range is in the double digits but apparently he got like in trouble with his local uh police because he shouted at one of his neighbors that he wants to have sex with their daughter what the fuck where are you getting this information from man wow what the crap are you hearing he wrote something from her perspective no i didn't man you say so many lies if you just watched the crap you would see where i I sourced everything from, but you jumped to conclusion because you're a fucking dipshit, mate. How can he not realize that by him making fun of me spreads Enos' name?

Enos Schalkett, you're becoming famous, which was the objective. Yeah, who cares about me? Enos is becoming famous. Uh, so basically this ivory heart thing that he made is like his, his like weirdo pedo manifesto.

Yeah, you're kind of right there, you're right.

Did you say superior, oh superior power, I thought you said superior brain power and I was going to laugh based on how your reading is going right now. we're good I was perfectly articulate throughout the whole quote I did not make any mistakes yet you made a mistake by thinking that I made a mistake and you were going to identify that but you decided not to identify that because it wasn't a mistake and you made the mistake and then you insult my intelligence this is a man who's probably actually going to murder people I hope you guys know that it's not your life you have to worry about it's your afterlife because I am in control of your torture eternally yeah except you're an actual piece of shit and your videos shouldn't be on YouTube there's a fucking difference between when you're when you're complaining about this and when like an actual fucking content creator is complaining about this so who is to decide what an actual content creator is so there is no content in my content so I'm not a content creator just look at the past videos it's funny it's so ironic fuck off you deserve to have community guidelines strikes they shouldn't even give you guidelines strikes they should just remove your fucking channel because of all the weird crazy fucked up shit you're promoting that definitely isn't draconian so we removed your channel because of all the weird fucked up shit that you're promoting like where do you draw the line man like I said which he advertised for me some people don't deserve to live some people are trash and they deserve to be thrown away I am showing you a prime example of that but i'm not encouraging you to do anything i'm just identifying trash from treasure there's a difference between this i hate this i hate that he has the same arguments about youtube that i and other real content creators have because it's like yeah this motherfucker should not probably have a channel anymore and get real content creators so yeah you're the one that's best to determine that yeah cuz I'm gonna be real bro you got the most unique channel I have seen on YouTube in a long time thanks bro why on earth wouldn't it be great if this guy held the fucking camera so that we could see him not sideways you have no ability to laterally think mate I turn your world upside down turn every world upside down if you actually give me a chance and listen to me those who have ears here so the email that threatened to kill Palestinians was from the Bears and look it features me and And look, I already have 521 comments about me. I am not going to read them.

They are really mean.

And yes, I do have feelings. And even though people are always mean to me, my feelings do still get hurt.

No, sir. The reason I married her was so that you would not have to lock up your daughters. Ignorance describes a person in the state of being unaware. Well, he did it. He drug my name through the mud.

Awesome. I'm dangerous? Look in your fucking mirror. A toddler is between one to three because they toddle.

A five-year-old is not a toddler because they no longer toddle.

Oh well, guys. I gave it all to you, so whatever happens, happens.

I love you, Enos.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-064-Hail-Satan

Bob mentality makes the worst decisions. I was just scrolling through the comments on that video about me and they were all really mean and I couldn't find a single one that was good and I was like, oh, that's really sad. So, I just hope that some people can see through what that guy is saying and look at the truth to be honest I'm more disgusted towards the coward hit and runner than Wendell Charles NeSmith Wow logic these are all people that would have never heard your name if it wasn't for us marrying we did a good thing my love. Ignore their hate. The video about me is getting lots of views. My wife is not a

toddler. She is five years old. So by you saying that she is a toddler is defamation of character because it is incorrect information in addition you have a lot more incorrect information in that video and I'm very surprised how you're so easily releasing incorrect information to the world defamation is the oral or written communication of a false statement about another that unjustly harms the their reputation. What he has done to me is called illegal. Here in Fucked Up World, illegal

actions are encouraged and law abiding actions are discouraged. Here's the thing, I am documenting all of this so maybe there will be a future court case defamation report you're just going to tell me information about it he's insulting me from the very beginning which means that he made his mind up before he even watched it now we know now we know how fucking wonderful this man is let's Let's watch. I have not actually heard him speak yet. I've been saving the big reveal for the stream.

How ignorant is that? I've already made my judgments, see, about this man, you know. But I haven't watched anything. But, yeah, these are the judgments.

So let's see how messed up this guy is.

From what I understand, this guy's some kind of fucking communist or some shit. I'm not really sure, but also his comments are turned off. that's that's certainly a shame my comments are not turned off it's just that the videos are made for kids and videos that are made for kids can't have comments which is probably a godsend considering what you have just done to me i would not have to do this if he was just honest about everything and did not lie and was careful not to lie but he just ran his mouth and said lots of bullshit so there's a lie in the title countless lies throughout the video the entire video is about me and it is defamatory because it spreads lies i can only report five but there's so many throughout the video. The title, it says I married a dead toddler. This is entirely

untrue information. People should only be allowed to spread true information. He was insulting me through the entire introduction and then he reveals that he had not even watched any of my videos yet, so he made his mind up about me before assessing the content. His quote, I have not actually heard him speak yet.

I have been saving the big reveal for the stream. He accused me of lying when I was not lying, and if he only read the book in question, he would realize that he is an idiot. Wait, what do you mean you wrote five books to her? This one came out in 2012, fuck off, you are lying.

What an idiot eh? He lies and says that I created an image that I did not create. He says. So wait a second.

He made this fucking poster or whatever and he misspelled her name and then at the bottom of the poster he said no one will remember my name because I am. He indicates that saving the world involves my cock when I am celibate. Does saving the world involve your cock at all? There are many more instances throughout the video.

This entire video was created in order to be defamatory towards me. He made up his mind about me before he watched my video. He was insulting the entire time, and he named the video after me, which is now attached to my name and appears in page one of my Google search results. Yup.

Done. there's a really huge forum post that's going on about me in kiwi farms and they're following me you know guys you can just ask i'm an open book they're trying to find out all this information but they could just ask me and i would tell them uh my whole life is public wow i just finished reading through the thread about me and it was so cruel they're so mean to me not nice at all and it's so sad because I'm just trying to help people and and it's sad when you get pushed down when you try to help people but the truth is that there's a lot of people who are really obsessed with me who watch my every move, and even though they hate me, I am entertaining them.

I am reaping a fuckload of souls, and the more they obsess over me, the more I reap. I will answer your questions. My ex-wife's name was Jenna. And she left me because she thought that I was crazy too. We were married for 7 years. And we were together for 10 years.

Yes, you were right. We did get married very young. We got married at the age of 18. You guys are very good at what you do because I only showed nudity a few times and you caught it all.

And you're kind of right. I'm not really a pedophile. As in, I don't want to be sexually with a child. My whole intention was to build someone from the ground up. And I had to start at childhood.

And that whole process caused me to turn my eyes to children. So, I don't know, you can decide whether or not you think I'm a pedophile.

I wanted a girl for life, not just childhood.

You know, my dear, for the first time since I started all of this, we actually have an audience. Hmm, what should we do with them? Mwahahahaha I'm gonna be yo evil fucking villain Yeah, and I got the rest of my life to play yo evil fucking villain As long as I stay out of prison We have minions that follow our every move And hate me They don't hate you. Thank God they don't hate you. They just think that I'm taking advantage of you and nothing could be further from the truth.

To be honest, what I'm doing here is I'm immortalizing your name for as long as my heart keeps beating. I'm going to keep telling the world about you because the world needs to know your story. And that was the purpose of marrying you, was to get your story out there. They said in their post that I couldn't pass a test because I was so stupid.

And ironically, I just passed a test, just today. It's amazing how they take everything out of context. They take the most extreme things that I've said and done and then extract them out of why and where and when I did it. And then just point out that I did it and then that vilifies me.

It's okay. I'm the villain in this life. I've come to accept that. The truth? Am I a pedophile? I had to figure out a way to save the world, and no one was listening to me, so I had to figure out how to use what I had to position myself to eventually get famous, infamous,

And so that I could spread the message, the word, this filming technique to those who have the ears to listen. And my haters are making me famous now but ironically they're helping me stream through a lot of people. and I'm only looking at like, you know, 0.001% of people. They're the only ones that are important to me.

The people that can see the subjects that I'm saying, can see the vision. And when I say see, there's a line of sight. That means you start from one side and then you, that streams to another side. So, uh, to see is distance.

I was never attracted to adults, but I was never really attracted to children either. But I was always attracted to innocence. So children had that innocence and that made me very attracted to them because they haven't yet filled their heart with darkness and that made me look at them with googly eyes. My whole master plan in my head was to find a girl that was obsessed with philosophy like I am, and then her teaching it online, sometimes with me, sometimes alone, both alone and with me to the world and her using her feminine appeal and through that process the world could fall in love with her and through her they could fall in love with philosophy because I think it's really sad how no one cares about philosophy in this world and when I say philosophy that means the love of wisdom and when I say philosophy that's what I'm referring to and I think it's sad how there's not anyone out there that just you know puts their whole heart into philosophy especially females philosophy is very male dominant and in my mind this Ivory could save the world because she could bring guys to her and through her feminine appeal first get guys to fall in love with her and then second get guys to fall in love with philosophy so through her they fall in love with philosophy and that That was my vision and I thought that if I could find a girl that could achieve that then I could save the world because I can't do that.

Like I wanted a female version of myself because I don't have the control over females. females don't want anything to do with me and I just thought that you know that didn't happen that's not what happened God had other plans for me and it was not my intention to marry her that's just kind of what happened and I'm gonna spend the rest of my life ensuring that her name goes down in history and that no one forgets what happened to her and that's what I consider being married to someone because that's dedicating the rest of your life to that person and that's marriage. I thought about many ways to try to figure out how to make Enos older than five years old and I was unable to so I kind of embraced it instead of rejecting it. I'm sorry if that made me appear creepy but I had to. Like I say in all of my films, I advocate for marriage

when the female is 12 to 13 years old and five years old is way too young but there's always exceptions with that because it could be the daughter of someone and then that daughter of someone could be really interested in that guy and that guy could tutor her see that's that's That's the crazy Ivory Heart vision thing I have. I have a vision in my head of tutoring a girl into her adulthood and then staying with her for life. That was what I always wanted and I don't see why I'm such an evil person when I'm fully monogamous and I'm celibate because I'm married to a dead girl and I don't see why that's such a bad thing. Like I said at the end of my last video, I'm married to a dead girl to protect your daughters so you don't have to lock your daughters up because if I did not marry Enos then these productions would look a lot different because I would be looking for a little girl to groom and then marry but because I married Enos I'm no longer looking for that so doesn't it make sense like isn't it logical like I'm pretty smart I know everybody's saying I'm really stupid but I just think differently than everybody and it comes together perfectly always I just build differently and just for the record. I am no longer a hobo. I live in Canberra and I have a stable home here

which I utilize to do all my work. I know a lot of people think I talk slowly but I But I have to articulate myself clearly because I am considering how artificial will use text to speech in the future and I am giving my voice to the public in text to speech for the future because you'll see eventually text to speech will be able to reproduce voice and in order to reproduce that voice you just have to train the text to speech in the person's voice and I have so much voice available that it's really easy to recreate my voice even nowadays there's programs that can do it and in the future it'll be a lot more readily available. It's amazing how many people there are who have dedicated great amounts of time doing research into me with the only goal to insult me. Well I guess this finally settles it. I am a celebrity. Being infamous is being well

known for some bad quality or deed. There is no good in me. I am profoundly wicked. The only way to live is to be evil because I am the Antichrist and I am here to destroy the fucking world.

Sir, you have worked against me for way too long. It is now time for you to work for me. Here is wisdom. Let one that hath understanding count the number of the beast, for it is the number of a man, and his number is six hundred three score and six.

Acceptance in human psychology is a person's ascent to the reality of a situation.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-065-The-Antichrist-Superstar

The Mythology Story of the Nine-Tailed Fox is one of two possibilities. One, he is welcomed and accepted into his community, so he protects it. Two, he is rejected and shunned, so he destroys it. as far as not being able to pass a test here is my resume those are my qualifications these are my books these are my film productions these are my past jobs you guys commented and said that most if not all of my videos are on bitshoot and yes that's correct all of my videos are on bitshoot except my audiobooks worries this isn't your average day creepiness this is advanced creepiness I talk like I just arrived on earth because I'm an alien I've been trying to tell you guys that you guys are so stupid this is literally the exact example of a person you would expect to be on the news for kidnapping children and locking them in their basement. Actually, I've spent my whole

life fighting for the rights of children. Yep, you're not a psychologist, but yeah, sir, whatever, mentally ill, sure. Can't marry toddlers. She's not a toddler. You guys

don't know the definitions to the words you used. Okay, so just looking at me, you feel sexually harassed. I don't know who this Sanji is, I don't even care. The way I pronounce my words make them feel gross, okay? So all females don't like philosophy? Yeah, you're

right, they don't like me, but they don't like philosophy either, and I've proven that very, very clearly. So yeah, you're right, they don't like me, sure, but they don't like philosophy either. Title makes you afraid? Yeah, because it wasn't a toddler. I don't

know who this Sanji is and I really don't care. I don't know who these people they're talking about. Why do I talk like that? I am. I'm trying my best to pretend to be human

because I'm not a fucking human. I keep on telling you dickheads that. Okay, good job police. It just goes on like this, like nothing good. Sure, I smell my own farts before I

yeah this is such intellectual conversation you guys are like top intellectuals just goes on and on insults after insults no one ever says hey Wendell you're cool good job no one ever says that reaping souls faster than than I have ever reaped souls before. I'm not going to follow the people on kiwi farms for very long, because I don't care what they think about me, but I do have a question for you. Should I keep on growing out my beard, or should I shave it? Should I just go boof, and be like just a big boofy boof boof boof?

Or should I shave it and look young because when I shave it I look very young and I even get asked for ID constantly if I buy over 18 products. I do have to admit that he used the perfect photo because I am a child care center. But it's a bit creepy because he obtained this photo from my Facebook. If you make this more than fame for a day, then I can show you a really interesting world.

Our current world is so fake and boring. If you allow me to get my ideas out there, then we together can live an interesting existence. And I don't care if you don't agree with my ideas, but please let them get out there. I really think that sex should be reserved for marriage and marriage alone.

To be pure and innocent, we can't go sleeping around with people. We have to find our soulmate and then give ourselves entirely to that one person. And the most virtuous relationship that I can think of is finding your soulmate and both as virgins, losing your virginity together and then spending the rest of your lives together. I made a mistake.

I got married to a girl who I thought was my ivory, who I thought was my soulmate, but she wasn't, and to be honest I kind of convinced myself that she was deceived myself unintentionally. Would you rather me marry a dead girl or would you rather me be seeking out there in the world, the girl who I'm talking about, those were your options. I think I chose the right decision. I also want to mention that the paperwork in Psychiatry 101 is filled with lies and one of those lies is that I said that I wanted to have sex with someone's daughter. What is philosophy to me? Philosophy is spending

your life thinking about the most virtuous things that you can possibly conceive of and then articulating that down in a recording format to then pass on to the future generations. Maybe you haters should watch this video too. Throughout all of my work I have been following a huge child molestation ring. Yes that Epstein was involved in but it goes much further than that and I have I have left pieces, clues, documented information, evidence scattered throughout my work that proves this phenomena is occurring.

I am protecting kids from child molesters, from child rapists.

I might be a pedophile, but I am not a pederast.

children philia friendly love of pedophilia friendly love of children pedis children eras erotic pederasty erotic love of children not into that I do find young girls very beautiful but I don't want to take their innocence I I want to protect it. What is it truly that I'm doing? I'm watching the world's politics, trying to figure out bad and good and where I sit and what I can do to help. And, and I use the camera to talk to, to help me figure out ideas to help this sick world. And I talk to Enos and try to be a good role model for her to show her what it means to be a good person.

I try my best to be a good person like what is it that I'm doing wrong I'm just giving video footage telling my insight into all the things that I've learned in this world and that's really what I've given I'm I've given every single thing that I've learned in this world and and there's a lot of things that are in the future but they have to be at the right time but but that's what I'm doing i'm giving you everything i'm learning as much as i can in this life and i'm trying to teach it all to you so why is that such a bad thing and why am i so evil for doing that i got this guy for 10 bucks what do you think and i can store all of my electronics in it so it's perfect and it's a really good seat too it's a really sturdy stable seat a friend of mine used to call these stools boofs she was like oh sit on the boof sit on the boof it's the boof so let's call it a boof I want to make my stance on the LGBTQIRNDISL movement I support gay marriage and I think that they should have the same rights as straight marriages. However, I do not think that this is what God wants. God made a male and a female and made them opposite so that they could perfectly fit into one another. Where she is weak, I am strong. And where I am strong,

She is weak. Your rulers in this world are fake. They are playing a game on the stage of life. And they have all the money so they can direct who is where.

Seriously, Trump is the best person in America, and Trump deserves to be president of the USA because he is the most worthy person for the position? You guys are just following this and allowing it when you can just say fuck off. You just have to collectively go, we're not doing this. Piss off. Defund the fucking police and replace them with social workers who are unarmed.

I ran for president against Trump and lost. I also ran for prime minister and lost.

I want to share with you why I named the last episode as I did.

Nothing in life is fair. Evil is rewarded and good is punished. Toils from the spirit will be condescended by the selfish masses.

To truly do good in this life is to expect negative consequences as a result of your actions, because truly good actions in this world result in absurdity. The public's highest good is being a parent, not being a good person, or even bringing their children up in a good home.

Acts of kindness are viewed as a weakness. Compassion is not a valued human characteristic. If the worldly God is the true God, then I am a Satanist. If the worldly God is Satan, then I worship the true God.

Whatever force it is that society follows is the opposite force that I follow. This includes all orthodoxy religions. It is really sad that this life is configured to be able to trust no one. I will go down in history as someone you can trust, both during my lifetime and also after.

So let's accept it. Your God is the true God. My God, then, is Satan. So I am a Satanist.

Your God promotes evil, and hurts good people on a regular basis, and idolizes bad people on a regular basis. That's the true God. and satan values virtue and living a good life and being a good person so I am a satanist and you guys are all following the true god who is fucking evil and I'm following satan who really is the true God you guys just swap the names I'll take the swap sure the true God can be named Satan now and Satan can be named the true God woe to those who call evil good and good evil who put darkness for light and light for darkness who put bitter for sweet and sweet for bitter let's keep going dude let's see how famous you can make me that photo of me with the child care center pointing at me that was on my way to school one day and i thought hey i should take that that'll be funny and i'm glad i did because it's hilarious because I am a childcare center and if children actually start watching my content then we actually have a potential future ahead of us and we can potentially create a utopian society. But right now the children aren't watching it's the adults that are watching they're saying bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad so let's hopefully encourage some children to watch it come on children watch it i'm doing this for you let's save the world i have no romantic interest in any of you i'm already married uh but please let my content help you develop your body your mind and your spirit and please utilize it to be a good person in the world because we need good people in the world we're really lacking them anyways to the guys on kiwi farm I will enjoy myself very much in the next life spending it torturing you for the rest of eternity I I will think of very creative ways to torture special people like yourselves.

There are benefits being the fucking Antichrist. Superstar! We did not hear you were competing against her. Superstar!



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-066-The-Womb-That-Carried-Me

Kiwi Farms are finding out all of the crazy things that I did and then sharing it with everybody. I'm sure that searching through all of my content and finding the few crazy things that I did is not taking my content out of context. There was a course, My Reflected Death, where I took a knife and cut down, and it hurt a lot, but it did not bleed very much, and said that the society was breaking my heart, and they made fun of me for that, but they're making fun of me for a lot of stuff, not just that. God sees how you treat his prophets and I promise you that your actions will come back to haunt you eternally I really hate how people go oh you're mentally ill and you really need help and people that go oh I don't hate you you just really need to get help or like some of the worst people ever I have an amazing life and I love my life and other people are trying to say hey you can't live like that hey you can't live like that and it's like well this is my life and I can live like that and those who are trying to tell me that I can't live like that that's called fascism and if you're saying oh I need help and I don't need help when I'm perfectly fine then you're also part of that fascist state. I released my medical records so smart people could look at what they are saying and

then compare it to the reality and then be able to figure out the truth. I did not upload my medical records so I could show everybody how bucked up I am. Problem is, this world lack smart people so I just get idiots like people on stupid farm it's still cold but winter is over it's still cold yeah winter's over yeah winter's over anyway when I was cutting my heart what did you want me to do did you want me to stab it or did you want me to cut really really deep so I needed medical attention was how far I cut not good enough for you so it's funny because I just cut myself enough to make it bleed a little bit and that's not good enough for you you wanted it more graphic did you like what's wrong with you I'll show you watching a man's feeble attempt to cut himself in the heart and barely leaving a wound and then calmly washing and dressing the scratch is one of the strangely funny things I've seen lately. Was that supposed to be some blood sacrifice? I can't imagine

getting a drop from his withered skelly chest. No, it was supposed to prove a point that society doesn't care about people and that it cuts my heart it was not supposed to be a graphic suicide attempt like you wanted I'm sorry you'll have to find another content producer in order to get your rocks off on that see and they all go this just in case anyone is looking for some actual philosophy on his channel see they don't understand the definitions they use they don't understand the words they employ because philosophy is the love of wisdom and all of my films pursues philosophy which is the love of wisdom and that's what philosophy is so anything outside of that isn't philosophy and my entire channel my entire life every video every book that I've created is about philosophy about the love of wisdom so you're just an idiot for thinking that I'm not doing philosophy remember I am NOT a filmmaker I am NOT a teacher I am not a game designer I am nothing whoa these people who are stalking me on kiwi farms have no life what do you do when there is a content producer that you don't like well logic says that you don't follow them and that you don't watch their content none of these people like me yet they obsess over every single thing I do and make fun of it let's just say that schizophrenia is a real mental illness and let's just say that I have it if that is the case then why are you trying to change me because I live a wonderful life and I love my life very much and I'm not hurting anybody so why would you want to change me the schizophrenia thing is a problem that society identifies and then they have to rectify it and if I really do have schizophrenia why can't you just be happy for me that I live a really cool productive and virtuous life I I constantly get comments that say that I need help. But what do I need help for? I'm awesome. I live an awesome life.

I'm happy. Why would you try to help someone who is actually in a really, really, really good state? It's because you're not in a good state. And when you see someone who is in a better state than you, then you try to push it down.

They have so many questions that they ask each other when they could just ask me. Am I still homeless in the Australian bush? What do you think? I've never received a U.S. government assistance as an income, no, but I do receive a pension here in Australia.

which leads me to the next point saying I don't have a valid visa I'm a dual citizen I've actually lived in Australia longer than I lived in the US I do want to point out even though that kiwi farms is fucking evil they are much kinder about me than YouTube and Reddit has been, so sometimes I see kind comments in the Kiwi Farms, and for the people who make those kind comments, thank you and I appreciate you. It does really mean a lot to me to be understood, because throughout all of this, no one's understood me and i have like something to share with you guys it's just really hard to articulate it i had to do it over countless hours of films i had to show you it in action i'm showing you this recording method which is amazing if all i can pass on with my legacy is showing how you just hold a camera and talk to it and doing that regularly develops yourself mentally and spiritually exponentially like I'm giving you gold here and all you got to do is pick up a camera and see for yourself because when you start doing this you will notice the change so all I got to do is try convince you to pick up a camera and if you do that eventually you'll see what I'm saying everywhere the wound that carried you I still love my mom and I still talk to her regularly despite her sending me that email I have been getting people requesting to interview me however I have been ignoring them because I don't trust them. Anyways, I'm no longer homeless anymore and I have not been homeless for over two years, so you can stop making fun of me for that now unless you want to make fun of me for being homeless in my past, which if that's the case, then go ahead. You guys are so stupid. I mean,

I don't think that Darkwing Duck realized what he did to me, a video entirely about me that is over one hour long, and within 24 hours, I receive over 30,000 views. If he wanted to hurt me, he should have ignored me. There is something called a causal chain. I have one now, because 30,000 people go and do other things.

It doesn't die on that channel. Let's see causal chains in action. I wasn't dangerous, but now thanks to you sir, I am. When I obtain influence, what do you think that I will do with that influence?

You guys are so retarded. You can't think ahead. Maybe I will do an interview because there was someone who came to me without being aggressive asking to speak with me, so what can it hurt? I have so many people now that follow me just to give me dislikes.

It was not Darkwing Duck who obtained me my fame. It was Kiwi Farms, even though most of you in Kiwi Farms are fucking evil dipshits. Thank you. My mother asked about the letter she wrote me, so I sent it to her, but I wondered why she was asking and she lied. So I asked her why. And she says, I don't appreciate you

sharing that. That was between you and I. And yes, I have heard and read what people are saying about your bad parents and home life. We were an amazing, fun family and did loads of fun things together as a family. Sometimes I fill my heart and not be broken

more, but I am surprised. I still stand on the pedophile letter, and my heart goes out to abuse children whose loves are ruined by people who have sick minds and abuse them.

I said, you sent me that letter knowing full well that my entire life is public. Between you and I, you were so cruel and hurtful to me. Fuck off, Mom. You will go down in history for that letter you wrote me.

I'm proud to stand up for abused children. It is dead wrong. That is an excellent letter, and I meant every word of it, but it is not the world's business. But if I go down in history for it, let it be.

But I have no desire to be known by others as you do. Please leave me out.

So I say, And you said it was just between you and I when you sent it to Ricky and Dad too? You are full of shit. Enjoy the consequences of your decisions. I stand up for abused children every day publicly.

You do not. You accuse me of doing the abusing when nothing further could be from the truth. She goes, I stand behind it and don't remember sending anyone anything, but do be it. The world thinks you're a pedophile, and they know how I feel about pedophiles, and that is fine with me.

The entire world is accusing you of being a pedophile and abusing children.

I hope. I pray.

Hey Kiwi Farms, if you guys make me famous, I'll save the world. wait wait no no that doesn't work sorry uh screw that don't worry about that okay let me try again hey guys from kiwi farms if you make enos shalkut famous she'll save the world please make enos shalkut famous why does my mom keep telling me that she wished someone would kill me that is such a horrible thing to say now my mother is drilling it in if you hurt a child i hope someone's gonna kill you i hope someone's gonna kill you if you ever hurt a child like like why would you say that there's no victim i've never hurt a child i would never hurt a child why am i getting in so much trouble when i did nothing wrong see here's how it works do good have bad consequence do good have bad consequence do good have bad consequence if you don't have bad consequence then you're not doing good so yeah reassess what you're doing if you don't have bad consequence if people are telling you that you are doing good then you are probably not doing good you can't say to someone oh I know you wouldn't do that but if you did I would kill you or oh I know you wouldn't do that but if you did I hope someone would kill you like that's horrible and my mother thinks that's fine to say that sort of stuff like I have never hurt a child and I don't see why I'm getting in trouble for hurting a child when I've never hurt a child I I never would hurt a child and like I spend my life trying to help children like seriously this is so fucked up and I'm losing my friendship with my mother now because someone contacted her and yeah you know what happens after that. Is that what you guys are going to do? Go and talk to all of the people that I know and then stir up the pot and then like try to screw up my life so you're actually like targeting my personal life that's not very nice like this is the world we live in and now you can see how people target my life for no reason why are you doing this like I'm showing you how screwed up this world is and you just prove it by doing exactly what I say you're gonna do like how stupid are the people in this world including my fucking mother so you contacted my mother who else did you contact that I know you know what it matters not I have no friends in this life that I actually care about like there is nothing that you can do to screw up my life like all of the fake friends that I do have and the fake family that I do have, you could get them all to not talk to me and to be honest, my life would probably improve because of that because my family and friends, quote, are not very good people.

I'm happy just spending the rest of my life in front of the camera, talking to the camera. I don't care. I don't need anybody else out there. To be honest, they're all kind of scary, unreliable, unpredictable.

They do really bad things. They're hurtful. You can't trust them. My phone's purpose is to share out the internet.

I have very little social interactions besides what you see in front of you. And if I was to have none, so if you were to enter my life and screw it all up and remove all of my social connections, I would not care and I would just go about life talking to the camera like I always do, except I wouldn't have any people to talk to outside of it. But I don't care. I don't want to talk to these people because these people don't care about my work.

And to be honest, I'm only concerned about people who are interested in my work.

This phone only ever bings when someone wants something from me.

I never use it the other way. I never need anything from anybody, but a lot of people constantly need stuff from me.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-067-The-Oracle

For over two weeks now, Israel has bombed Gaza every day or night.

Is that Hamas? Is that just Gaza? Just Hamas? No, it's not.

Again, it is a densely populated area.

Because what the Israel's government is doing is disgusting, and everyone's beginning to see it. This is a Palestinian who built his house on his own land. land yet israel now says that they need the land and ordered him to demolish it himself and if he would not demolish it himself then they would demolish it for him and then charge him the fines they swing back around years later and say oh you don't have a permit for the territory we forced you into and then some of them say okay we'll get a permit then and they try to get a a permit? Then Israel goes, oh, no, you can't. You're not allowed to be there. Oh, wait,

so now they don't have a permit for the land that you put them on, and now you refuse to give them a permit, and then guess what happens a couple of years later after that? They come in and go, well, because you don't have a permit, we need to kick you out of your land and destroy your home. You know, I think about it, and I actually do have a friend that I very much care for, and he's a guy that I met on Fiverr, and he's amazing because he has such a huge heart and he helped me with some graphics one day and since then we've been really great friends. And I don't even have his contact information, we just talk to each other through Fiverr, which is kind of funny. But there are good people out there.

That's my interview, I'm actually doing it. I just have to find those good people and Maybe I will find a whole new set of friends through this process. Which is what I'm hoping because my friends kind of suck because they don't care about virtue at all. If you need some graphics done, go ahead and message my friend Twenbur. He's amazing.

He's really inexpensive and he does really great graphics. The reason I like this graphic so much is because what he does is he kind of brings something to you and he says, what do you think about this? And you go, oh, this is great. I love this element.

Not so much this one. This is great. And then he gets all your thoughts and then he goes away and then he comes back with what you had. So he kind of works to get the product perfect with you.

So he's very good at collaboration. So, if you have any graphic needs, I would really recommend him. Yes, he made this beautiful image. Okay, more questions.

Okay, so my diagnosis of Schizotypal Personality Disorder is something that I kind of incited because they kept on saying schizophrenia. So, I did lots and lots of research and I was like, no, schizophrenia is not right. not right but I did research into Schizotypal Personality Disorder and I was like this does sound a lot better than me so if you're going to give me a diagnosis you should probably give me this instead of schizophrenia because schizophrenia doesn't fit so somehow through that process of me telling them that they're stupid for diagnosing me with schizophrenia I ended up with the Schizotypal Personality Disorder diagnosis too so some doctors now say I'm schizotypal and other doctors say I'm schizophrenic but it's really funny because the doctors didn't know what schizotypal was until I presented it to them and then they had to do research and then they're like yeah yeah some of them were like yeah I guess this could fit yeah I also got into Australia on my own merits and did not use my ex-wife to obtain citizenship I I do appreciate your words, Chantel is fat, so thank you for empathizing. It does appear that you have a heart, and I do appreciate kind people with hearts.

Go ahead and laugh at me now, because it will be me who is laughing when you are kneeling before God. because the one who laughs best laughs last because i know what i am saying is true beyond a shadow of a doubt but it takes you the experience of doing it and then being punished forward to realize the severity of what I'm talking about. There are very few people who truly believe in God in this world and they kind of just use it as an idea but do not respect its reality meaning they consider it more of an analogy rather than a literal interpretation that's playing out right now you got so stupid you got so stupid you might win in this world I win eternally, yay! Forever I win, forever you lose.

You thought you won just because you got right now, but guess what? I got forevers. Also, I really, really did not want to work in those monotonous 9-to-5 jobs. but the government was forcing me into it so I had to push and push and act crazy and act crazy not crazy and eventually that enabled me to get a pension so I don't have to work so that enabled me to study with all of my time which hopefully lands me in a job that I like instead of a nine-to-five monotonous job I despise monotony I hate doing the same thing over and over and over again I like to always move on and evolve and that's a big reason why jobs don't work very well for me because you have to do the same thing over and over again whereas I function very well constantly being entered into new content and new material I can't just stand somewhere and do nothing can't just look out into nothing it's not an ability that I possess I always have to be actively bettering myself this makes it really really difficult for jobs because once i learn these skill i don't want to do it anymore unless i have to so doing the same thing over and over and over again every single day man that'll kill me and nine to fives do not work for me because I do not sleep right. I am going to go down in history as the most

insulted person in the world. Do you think that is fair? Those two big important emails that I sent to the ACT Human Rights Commission? Look how they responded. Thank you for your recent emails. I note that the complaints you

made to the Commission about ACT mental health have now been finalized and you have recently requested that your discrimination complaint be referred to the ACAT. I understand the case officer is in the process of actioning that request. Here it is. Here's their answer. Unfortunately, the Commission is not able

to assist you further with the issues referred to in your emails. This is to the ACT Human Rights Commission. Here is the President, to whom it may concern. I have caught you and your organization in the middle of major corruption, red-handed. I

I have identified it to you, and you have replied stating that you are unable to assist me with your corruption. This means that you are all my enemies now, and I will spend the rest of my life bringing your fake corrupt organization down. I am famous, and you are fools. I will spend the rest of my life sharing my story about how the corrupted ACT government refused to acknowledge and rectify its corruptions, even when all of the evidence was handed to them on a silver platter.

However, this email is being filmed, as per normal. My audience will know the truth about your fake organization. I will continue to gain more and more fans every day. By the end of my life, I will have a huge army to use at my disposal.

Currently, I have a small army to use at my disposal. You have now identified yourself as my enemy, and you are now on my list. I will spend the rest of my life destroying you. I have now obtained undeniable proof into the internal corruptions of the ACT Human Rights Commission.

I have spent my life, from childhood, learning about the human rights violations that our past governments have committed. I then carefully analyzed the modern-day Australian government, and then isolated and clearly identified many aspects of it which are clearly in breach of its own laws. And as a result, exploiting people every day unable to perform the job adequately in which it declares, which is supposed to be protecting human rights. It has also come to my attention that there was recently an employment selection within the ACT Human Rights Commission in which the best person for the job was not chosen and instead one who was favored amongst another personally was chosen.

This is a crime and it did not affect just that moment where the crime was committed, but it is and has been in effect since it occurred. Every second that these major crimes go unchecked is another second that it will deteriorate our collective social existence. You continue to propagate your crimes by enforcing the system that was criminally created. You only give an appearance of human rights in the ACT.

You know no justice. I have the rest of my life to expose your lie to everybody. I will work very hard to expose to everybody in this world how criminally fake your organization is. Love.

Here is the person who should have got the job. Her name is Chris. They gave it to someone with no experience, but they were a friend or family member or something like that. I don't know all the details, but it's something like that.

In case you're interested about my ex-fiancee. I was asked about my mother's letter, which occurred before I knew about Enos Schalkett. Okay, so I have five books here, and Ivory Heart, this book that came out December 21, 2012, it actually did not come out December 21, 2012. It came out December 21, 2013. And the Ivory Heart film came out December 21, 2012. So, what was I doing when my mother sent me that email? I was writing Ivory Heart the book.

Also, I would like it if Enos' parents knew about me, so if you have any ability to tell them then please do. I did the right thing because everybody was saying that you'll never remember her name. She died, Israeli settlers killed her, and you'll never remember her name. Why?

Because she's Palestinian. So I've done a lot of thinking about this, and the thing is, yes, you will remember her name. Everybody will remember her name and what happened to her. And it's because of me that everybody's learning about this.

If it wasn't because of me, no one would know who Enos Schalkett is and her story. So yes, I'm doing the right thing, and even if her parents aren't happy with it, it doesn't matter because it's the right thing and it gets her story out there and it gets her name out there you know marriage this whole marriage thing is just saying that I'm dedicating the rest of my life to get her story out there that is marriage like literally that's marriage like you guys are so stupid right now they're all obsessed with the show my reflected death but they're completely missing what is love which is where I come out you guys should watch the secret that's a funny one even though there are a lot of cruel people on kiwi farms I am winning a lot of them over and the thing is they're making a really cool post dissecting and analyzing everything I have done and this is just going to grow and grow and grow and grow because I've done a lot of things it's the never-ending thread Wendell's gonna get a Wikipedia Wendell's gonna get a Wikipedia Wendell's gonna get a Wikipedia ha ha ha all of my words in which I spoke will live on throughout the ages just as God promised me thank you God I love you I never have to advertise again they do it for me thank you high five nothing bad can happen to me bad is good and good is good I am invincible even after death what Enos's parents think hmm how about How about this, if Enos's parents do not approve, then Enos and I will get divorced. And if that happens, that means that I am back on the market. What do you think is going to happen?



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-068-Lolcows

I purchased 10 of these for like 25 bucks, super cheap, and I'm using the 3M stuff to hold it. So now, yay! And I got 10 of them, and I got this one right here that goes on the ground. So that means I can get 11 ukuleles now. That sounds good.

What do you think? Shall we do ukuleles in the background? Is this going to be my new wallpaper? damn did not work it needs nails but I don't want to drill into the wall and I'm renting here so I'm not really allowed to do that anyway can people please stop sending Facebook friend requests to me because I don't just make friends with people that I don't know if this doesn't stop then I'm going to to make my Facebook private so no one can search for me anymore.

I wanted to show you some cool strumming techniques because I have just been spending countless hours just strumming and that gets you really good at it. So I've been practicing a lot and I've learned a lot of things that I think I can help you out with. Okay, so first you need to be really, really, really light. So especially when you're first starting to practice, you just have to be really, really light on the strings and otherwise you'll get caught up it'll be like that sort of thing and it won't work so if you're really really light your whole objective while you're practicing is to barely touch the strings and you know once you get better you can put more pressure into it because you know where it goes but I'll just show you a little bit of you just keep your hand really really relaxed and and from doing it over and over and over again you'll get the muscle memory in your fingers to know where to go so it's like this so here's a flick one you can do and you can see how that has a different sound okay so so I've only been using this finger so far to show you but what happens if we so let's learn how to do the pinky let's just add one thing to the pinky so that pinky thumb pinky thumb pinky thumb okay so now we've done that so how about we go pinky thumb index up pinky thumb index up so pinky down thumb down index up so then you so you can use other fingers too so you could go this one down then thumb down and then index up. So what I like to do mostly, like my normal strum, but besides the one finger

one, the one finger one is the standard one, but you can still do, you don't have to even make that the standard one, because depending on how you do it, you can still use this hand, but this can get really fast. So pinky down, thumb down, index up. And you can practice like the same thing like middle finger down, thumb down, index up. So you're practicing all the fingers, you're getting really good at all the fingers. And if you do that you'll

get comfortable with any way you strum it and it doesn't matter how you strum it. This is the one I tend, besides the one finger one, the one I tend to use most is pinky down, down, index up. Hope you enjoyed that. Hope you learned something. I'm so relieved that I have been picked up by a forum to reconstruct my entire life and archive all of my work because up until now, I've been obsessively archiving my work because places like YouTube keep taking it down.

So, I had to ensure that no matter what happened, that my videos would live on. And now I don't have to be so concerned about that because other people are doing it for me. Ivory Heart Chapter 15 Student Responsibility of open source. You are required to back up the education system that you utilize. Its latest

framework is essential. This includes backing up all videos and third-party content. What if I was murdered and the domain expired? It means that the system must be ready to redeploy at the drop of a hat from any location around the world. The system can even be deployed internally, which means that as you develop within your studies, you are expected to have a duplicate of every piece of the system, not only securing the education method, but also obtaining yourself both a digital and local copy.

I haven't drank alcohol in a very long time, so to celebrate my newfound fame, I am going to go get a six-pack. The last part of the previous episode, The Oracle, is hilarious because this is your choose your own adventure book. So my fate is in your hands.

Do you want me to stay married to Enos Schalkett or do her parents want us to get a divorce? if her parents want us to get a divorce then I'm single again and what does that mean for your fucking world only God knows the outcome I just play the game trust and obey for there's no other way to be happy in Jesus is to trust and obey you think I should be single or married to a dead girl so at Kiwi farms they call me a cult and lol cows I don't know is that just saying someone's a cow and you're laughing at them I guess this guy is an American that's in Australia and YouTube keeps on recommending him for me and I don't know why I don't want to watch this stuff why does YouTube want me to watch this stuff so much do you like my stubby holder it has a good message that I support glug glug glug glug glug glug glug glug the Australian media are trying to get Facebook and Google to pay the media outlets for news content okay how much am I charging you for this? And this is news because I obsessively spend my life searching for the most relevant news. They are using the same argument that Bill Gates used about software development. Bill Gates said, free

software is ripping off, stealing from, the programmers. So they're saying the same thing except about news now so they're definitely following Bill Gates is footsteps and do you think that they published this story without considering that it's very close to the way Bill Gates ended up charging for software and making that standard to charge for software because before Bill Gates software was free it was just shared that's how it worked and Bill Gates because you are stealing from those who are making the code so Australia has followed the footsteps of Bill Gates and I know that they know that they're doing that because they're not stupid and they hire a lot of people to know everything that's going on okay so how good is the Australian news I have been doing amazing crazy things for ten years and the Australian news hasn't touched me at all the only time I ended up on the news was when I did a walk for homelessness and I talked about how my heart went out to those who were homeless and then I said things like the government's all fake you're either voting for a dick or an asshole etc and then they edited my content what I said like they chopped it all up and made it something different that's the only time I've been on the news hey you guys at Kiwi Farms you should find that time that I was on the news and then post it that would be cool every second more famous every second more famous every second more famous boom I had this guy from Fiverr continue to contact me and say hey please give me a job please give me a job I want to sell your books please trust me because I can sell your books give me a job so I gave him a job to sell my books because he was pretty much begging for it because I didn't really want to work for him because he was rude previously but he was very apologetic so I gave him the job and said go ahead try to on my book okay that didn't work out he only sold one book out of all the work he sold one book which i don't even break even for that um but the thing is when he did it i was like god nothing's moving please god please god help us to work please god help us to work please god help us to work and it's like i don't request a lot from you god it's very rare that i that i'm down on my knees and asking for something from you uh please god you know make this work make something work i'm tired of this nothing's working and within 24 hours after that the darkwing duck guy see god answers prayers he just answers them differently so we can't expect god to answer the prayers that we make in our way we have to allow God to work in his own way it's really hard to record and play ukulele at the same time because this position that I'm in right now is where it's comfortable and then when I put my camera up here I have to like sit in this really awkward position in order for you to see it so I'll think of ways I can fix that in the future I made a a small mistake in a recent video which you probably didn't notice but I wanted to point it out anyway because it's been haunting my mind and that is when I said that I don't have any friends that I care about and that's not true because I care very deeply about all of my friends what I meant to say is that I do not have any friendships that I care about so see there's another Facebook friend request like it doesn't stop yeah so what I was saying is that I love all my friends very much even if they're messed up um what I'm saying is those friendships don't matter to me meaning I could not be their friend tomorrow and I wouldn't care i don't have any friendships or any relationships that i care about but sorry for the mistake i do care about the people i just don't care about the relationship because to be honest they actually hurt me um being friends with idiots actually makes my life worse so it's good to get those people out of my life. Even though the lockdown is complete bullshit, I really like it because one, society has stopped doing business as usual, especially Australia. And I hate business as usual, especially considering how fucked up our world is. We're just ignoring it. Two, we are

starting to be less concerned about our economy and more concerned about people. Wow! It took us this long to realize that people are more important and money. We'll get through this together.

Fuck you, not with you. Who am I with? I guess my fans. most of my fans dislike me and insult me regularly that is okay because I can use you no matter how stupid idiotic or retarded that you are I could use an army that isn't on my side it doesn't matter because as long as they listen to what I say they're gonna do it because some reason people just do what I say all the time i tell them what they're gonna do and they do it look at my work like all throughout my work i say this person's gonna do this this person's gonna do that that person's gonna do this and that's what they do that is why it's so easy for me to set people up like i did with the act human rights commission that's right who can see my future post there we go so now when i post I'm not going to post. I don't need Facebook for any reason anymore.

Okay. Piss off, guys.

We always repeat the mistakes of our past. Because you have a blank slate before you.

How will you chisel her?

Will you make another whore of Babylon?

What do you think is going to happen? Especially now that you have given me fame What do you think I will do with it?

If I stop making videos Please realize that I got arrested What is utopia?

Hitler had the same question and tried his best to enact it Who is dangerous for 666? Let's get dangerous Darkwing Duck Let's get dangerous Darkwing Duck Let's get dangerous Whenever there's trouble we call D.W. Darkwing Duck It's kind of funny because Darkwing Duck kept on calling me Weasel instead of Wendell so it's like no we won't call him Wendell we'll call him Weasel yeah and the funny thing is is when I was a kid people in school used to make fun of me and call me Wendell the duck I'll tell you why so when I was a kid some reason I don't know why my foot was like this so I'd walk like this and then my foot would be like this I only did it for a few years I don't know why but but yeah so I walk like this and it would go like that and people call me duck for it and they would make fun of me like always I am the most made fun of a person in the world and I think that's gonna stick because how I created it it's so funny that because those people are losing their souls there they are my subjects for torture for all of eternity after their death so they should just live it up now in earth while they can because I'll be torturing them for eternity after their passing yes we are all immortal you are just too stupid to realize it anyways this is war and I have made it very clear throughout my lifetime and my country is a Thedon. We are currently diaspora. All is fair in

love and war and I have both of those aspects covered thoroughly. What will happen when people start dying from the war? They will call it murder and act like there is no war. A militant favors confrontational or violent methods in support of a political or social cause. Hitler was trying to warn us about what

the Jews were doing. I know about the slander of those who say they are Jews and are not but are a synagogue of Satan does this make me a racist when I am fucking diaspora diaspora is the dispersion of the Jews beyond Israel it It happened because they exiled me from my home, and I am pretty sure if you are able to follow the bloodline, you will find out that I am that of David. Our bloodline is our ancestors. Eugenics is the study of how to arrange reproduction within a human population to increase the occurrence of heritable characteristics regarded as desirable.

Here is the book that that guy sold that I told you about earlier. I have written five books and I've sold about five or six. I want to tell you very clearly that I am here to destroy the world. Revelation was not happening fast enough.

If you like your world and want it saved, then I recommend not allowing me to get popular. People obsessing over every little thing I do is allowing me to get popular.

Go ahead, turn me off, never come back to me, leave this video, and forget that I existed. you can't do it you can't do it no one can because i made it addicting let us set the stage for war and then fight it out on the internet there is an article that i got from university that's really good but i lost it throughout my homeless adventures which is really sad so if you know where to find this article please do tell me but the article basically went into how Nazi Germany and concentration camps and the employees in the concentration camps did what they did with a clear clear conscience like how did they do it and it was things like signs that were put up everywhere that say things like when removing the matter from the cell do this or that and when they're talking about matter they're talking about people so they take the words and then they disconnect them so these people are no longer people they're matter so let's kill a whole bunch of people and not call them people because we don't think they're people and because they don't call them people, they don't treat them like people, like people out there in the world don't treat me like a person. Can't you see? We're repeating our mistakes.

And before you call me a fucking Nazi, remember that I am a fucking Jew. I was asked by Kiwi Farms, what? If you divorce her, then you'll be looking for a real living girl out there oh yeah that's kind of how it works like I'm not actively looking for relationships with dead people unless they're philosophers when new and each of sitting in a tree k-i-s-s-i-n-g first comes love then comes marriage then comes the Antichrist destroying the world I really don't want to get divorced, Enos. But if that is what your parents wish, then I will respect it.

I'm really looking forward to our time together in the afterlife. And if your parents tell me to leave you, then it's going to be really sad for me because I I really do love you with all my heart and please don't divorce me. I love you Enos. I love you with all my heart. Like, please try to convince your parents to let us be married, please.

How I obtained my citizenship? Well, I was 12 or 13 years old and my father moved to Australia. And he had a girlfriend that he found there. And I followed after him.

So I got my temporary residence because he was with an Australian woman. And I stayed there. My father left and went back to the U.S. and I stayed there.

And after you stay in Australia for five years, then you can obtain your citizenship, so that's what happened. I obtained my citizenship. After I obtained my citizenship, I attempted to renounce my U.S. citizenship, but it cost like five or six grand or something to do that, and I could not afford it, so unfortunately I am still a U.S. citizen.

I know that you think that Australia is difficult to get into, and you are right, but it isn't for children. If you are a child and you say, hey, I want to stay in Australia, then Australia will say, sure, you can stay in Australia. As far as an army behind me, yes, you are part of it, but not all of it. A good magician never reveals all of his cards.

If Enos and I have to get divorced, then yes, I will be back on the market. And yes, that probably means what you think it means. But I promise you that if that happens, it will happen publicly, and I will video the entire process.

For those of you who do not know how to be seen, for those of you who cry out for help and no one listens, Here's my advice to you. Just keep on crying out for help while attempting to solve the problems and video that process. If you have thoughts of suicide, I completely empathize with you and I pray that you will read this heartfelt letter that I wrote specifically to you. So if you feel like hurting yourself, please first check this, because I have your solution.

And you all keep saying, hey, I don't think this guy is a pedophile. I think that all of this is part of his mental illness. Now let's quote that one too. Yes, I'm a pedophile.

I think girls are very attractive when they're young, and any man that has a dick will think the same thing. No, do not want to take their innocence. Want to protect their innocence. As far as you lurk, thank you for liking me. I really appreciate it.

Unfortunately, I do not share the same sentiments about you. I do not like you. Yes, I talk slowly. Do I not do this for a reason?

You're so stupid. I am training artificial intelligence. By the time I die, there will be a replacement for me for me that is artificial intelligence and in order to train it to be understood I had to slow down the way I speak in order to program it. I'm very careful of every single little thing I do.

I analyze everything in great detail and you are a fucking stupid idiot and I will enjoy very much torturing you for all of eternity you guys are so stupid you'll be dead and you'll be like oh look it's the skitz cow he's coming around to torture us again oh no what are we gonna do the thing is is I've already given all the evidence that's required to prove that this will happen to you but you don't believe me so I don't care it doesn't matter because you're still going to be tortured by me whether or not you believe it where will you end up I control them all and it matters not if you believe me because it will happen and your judgment day will be there and you'll be like I was told all of this by this fucking skitz cow but I didn't believe them because they were a fucking skitz cow whatever the fuck that means do you want to know an interesting fact I never said a cuss word until I was 12 years old



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-069-The-Secret-Plan-of-Canberra

I don't show much of this thread because of reasons I don't want you to see this thread, but this is pretty funny, eh? Like, yeah, I can see it. It works. The first interesting thing to come out of the ACT? Well, you would be wrong, because this entire city was created by the Freemasons to be an ideal city.

I am sorry that I speak too slowly for you guys, because the reason that I do this is because if I spoke faster, then I would stumble upon my words, which would cause errors, which would cause artificial intelligence to be stupid. So, unfortunately, I have to be 100% accurate, which means that I have to speak a little bit slower than most people are used to. There's reasons behind everything that I do. Also, I am very happy that I took that photo of me as the child care center.

because i am a real child care center what you fucking idiots do is go hey i don't want to bother with my child so i'm going to send them to this place that's away from me so i don't have to bother with them so i can like put minimal effort into my children because i'm a fuckhead who could care less about children i did ask you guys what you thought i should do with this to be honest i don't like looking like an old fart i like looking young booyah see i'm just a little kid you know what i'm 16 years old yes let's be that i'm 16 years old and I'm just trying to do my best to be a good person. Yeah, I'm 16 years old. I still get ID'd. I'm gonna be honest. A lot of the reason why I had a beard was to be more respected

and it worked. But I no longer need a beard because who cares if I'm respected. Lots of people know about me so it doesn't matter. I don't need a beard anymore. I like this.

If you are interested in Canberra's Occult Connections, then you should read this.

There is a huge reason why I am here, and if you ignore it, then that just proves your stupidity.

Thank you, sir. You are correct in your assessment. This side is so weird. Why would you have a name called Drink the Bog Water?

So weird. I don't understand a lot of what these people say.

You know, I like the truth so much that even evil people who hate me can say it. And I still love it because it is the truth. I do not like Darkwing Duck's video because there are so many lies spread throughout it, and to be honest, the biggest lie that bothers me the most is him saying that I'm married to a toddler, and that really hurts me because a toddler toddles around. They're between one to three years old. They cannot speak. They can't communicate. They're toddling around. But a five-year-old is not a toddler. A five-year-old has autonomy. A five-year-old knows what they're doing. A five-year-old can think and assess.

Let's just go through each point so I can point it out for you. I self-identify proudly as a pedophile, yes I do. And by pedophile, pedas means children, philia means friendly love of. I do not identify as a pederast. Pedas is children, eros is erotic love of,

love, pederasty, means erotic love of children, that is raping them, see, but not sexually, I've already covered it, that no one has to worry about locking up their daughters, that's why I got married, because you were all worried, so I decided to get married, so you guys didn't have to worry anymore, so yeah, if I weren't married, that would be a completely different story and no I would never hurt a child and I spent every single day fighting for their rights but yes I would love to groom one thank you drink the bog water for your input it actually was very meaningful because you kind of hit the nail on the head so I appreciate you taking the time to understand what I'm going on about drink the bog water this is the first time in my life anyone has ever actually understood what I'm saying so thanks mate people understand me people understand me people understand me thank you God thank you people for trying to understand me I really appreciate it thank you Kiwi farms peace I have investigated what legal action I can take against our queen duck for releasing defamatory information that is lies and to be honest in Australia people that sue other people are rich so the suing that goes on in Australia is like super rich people suing super rich people there's never someone who's poor who can sue someone because lawyers cost so much awesome I hit the 40k mark in two days there's no reversing this you so stupid darkwing duck you just secured the end of the fucking world. Do you believe in God? I don't care if you believe that I'm God's prophet or whatever, but if you believe in God, then you would believe that God is looking down upon us. And my entire life since childhood, I have been God's prophet. And what do you think

god will do to those who abuse his prophets do you think god's looking down going no this guy who's dedicated his whole life to me who calls himself a prophet of mine no he's not my prophet so this is really a question of whether you believe in god or not those who dedicate their entire lives to God, become God's prophets. Because these people are very malleable. God controls them like puppets on a string, and it's really fun. I'm God's little puppet. Do I move

well? No, not really, because you think I'm alien. Do I speak well? No, because you think I speak like an alien because i'm not human the government now has the power to bypass parliament and enforce restrictions for six more months you know i really do love this pandemic and it would be really great if we learned how fake it was did i say that in addition i really like having hand sanitizer everywhere because i like having clean hands so even though i could care less about the virus the fake virus like it's cool the repercussions of it i don't want to wear a mask but it's funny watching everybody else wear a mask please keep this thread open and active kiwi farms because the longer you keep going the closer you get to the truth and i could really use this thread in my court case if the truth was expressed instead of lies thank you kiwi farms for caring about the truth that means a lot to me you darkwing duck here's what I posted on Darkwing Duck's evil video about me I want you to change your title please I did not marry a toddler I married a dead five-year-old a toddler and a five-year-old are very different a toddler is between one to three and toddles around, can't communicate, has no autonomy. Change your title to five-year-old

or I will spend the rest of my life in court cases against you for defamation. You spread so many lies so I could easily win. A locale is a person whose eccentric or foolish behavior can be exploited to amuse onlookers. You guys have such boring lives. You have to

invest your lives in interesting people and then you invest your lives in insulting those interesting people. That's a really compassionate thing to do. Something I'm really concerned about is after I die because Australia cremates their people usually and I don't want to be cremated because that is fire which represents hell I want to be buried but it is very expensive to be buried so I don't know how I'm going to avoid being cremated I am very against being cremated and would much more prefer to be buried I I don't know maybe one day I will actually start making a little money so I can do these things but right now I am poor as shit. Kiwi Farms, community dedicated to discussing eccentric people who voluntarily make fools of themselves, exploring abnormal psychology and the mind of internet crazies.

That would be all of you. Fuck you guys. I am heretical scum. May the fires of the underworld consume me. I am not even a real human. I am less than bacteria, and not a single soul will miss me. God laughs at my existence.

Look how nice everybody is to me I'm so glad that I live in such a nice world Where people are so kind and compassionate towards each other I don't know what I'm going to do anymore Because I get too many comments now So I have to figure out how to get rid of people out of my life But I did manage to get him to change it to make it accurate.

Thank you, Darkwing Duck. So I'm going to have to start closing up all my social accounts and figure out ways to stop people from contacting me because I can't handle the volume. Okay, so these are the people of the world. I'm really glad to live in a world with such kind people.

i mean these are the hearts of the world i'm showing you the good and the bad so you can make your assessments about this world that's what i do with god pretty much is i show him what it is that i see and to reap a soul you know is to uh is to prove that these people don't deserve to go to heaven and you just prove that to god and when you prove that to god then um then they're reaped yeah that's what happens and it means they're going to hell and look at this so i'm the one committing defamation and harassment how what see they're They're all so wise, they're telling me what to do because they're the smartest people in the world and I really really need help to know what to do. People need to stop contacting me, getting rid of ways for people to contact me, and it's all your fault you fucking stupid dickhead idiots. figure out how to protect myself from the masses. Boo. Gone. I hope people leave my

emails alone because that would really suck if I could not use my email anymore. Thank you Darkwing Dick for changing it because I can work with this. The reason that I win is because no one but me realized that bad is actually good. So everybody in this world cared about their reputation so much. Whereas when people were cruel to me, God told me just

to release that publicly. And if I continued to do that, eventually I would win. People are cruel to everybody, but what most people do, what everybody does, is they take those words and they throw them away and act like they didn't exist and hide it from the public. So whenever people are cruel to other people, no one ever finds out because people are too embarrassed to release that information.

Does people insulting me look good or bad?

I will let you decide.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-070-Lies-Conquer-All

Look what this guy did. How funny. You know, I take souls, but I can give them back too. And if I don't give them back, you know, I can assign duties in hell. So, kind of evil people can work for me. You don't have to be one of the people being tortured. Maybe I could make you help me do the torturing. How would you like that, Lurk?

This is a surprise, but I can't hold it in any longer, so I'm going to give you a teaser. I am making a card game. I need a lot of different types of people in hell. A reaped soul doesn't necessarily mean that you will be tortured. You might be doing the torturing if I find you worthy.

I never said that I hated you, Lurk. I don't hate anyone. I just think you're an idiot for not understanding why I articulate myself in a slow manner, because artificial intelligence understands why I do it, so that means that you're stupider than artificial intelligence. I have nothing against stupid people such as yourself.

I'm sorry if you were hurt by my words. It's really ironic. This guy from Fiverr that was trying to sell my books just messaged me again. He's trying to get more jobs out of me.

But he only managed to sell one book, which means I lose money. So I can't give him any more jobs, but he won't leave me alone. It's like, if I can't make money with your services, then why would I use your services? I can't just use your services to lose money.

It doesn't make sense. And he just keeps on begging. It's very sad because he's probably very hungry.

According to this world, a woman can only become attractive after she reaches the age of 18. but she probably already lost her virginity by some idiot boy at the age of 12 or 13 I want to make something very clear if Enos's parents desired for Enos and I to get a divorce then I would do so and that would mean that I would be available but I would not be going after a real girl I would not be going after anyone. However, there is a very good chance that a real girl would come after me. Anyway, the point is mute because I highly doubt that her parents will request us to divorce. And Lurk, do you think I give a shit if you like me?

my mission on this earth was to be disliked by everybody because I am the fucking Antichrist you dipshit fucking idiot and when I say that every man with a penis is attracted to young girls I'm not saying that every man with a penis wants to have sex with young girls or anything I'm just saying that females have an attractive body and it doesn't matter how old they are we live in a world of smartphones and stupid people and I do not hate stupid people I really feel sorry for them I feel sorry for this entire world because they are all fucking idiots. For I do say the number of stupid people in the world is too fucking damn high. The melancholy thing about the world is that it is full of stupid people and the world is run for the benefit of the stupid and common. I actually feel sorry for them sheep for the slaughter they chose the wrong Shepherd and became idolaters I don't like the feeling of waiting to upload the episode to get the information out there to clarify misunderstandings especially since people are saying that I would go after a girl and that has never been the case, you haven't watched enough, you're misunderstanding, the girl would come after me.

The way that could work would be probably like a fan has a daughter and introduces my content to their daughter and their daughter watches a lot of my content and then falls in love with me and then comes after me. That was the whole idea. Like I said, this is all mute. I'm married now, but if you don't realize what I'm doing, I am paving the way for the future. I don't care about myself. I am enabling future philosophers to achieve what I was unable

to how many people out there that are famous claim to be the Antichrist I am the fucking Antichrist and I will go down in history for its revelation why do they just spread lies and this one I got in trouble for yelling at the parents of a girl that I would fuck her that never happened that was a lie they just lied and put that in there and said a lie and put it in the paperwork you know I did not submit that paperwork to say hey I did all these stupid things I submitted it to show you how they are lying there is lies all throughout the paperwork how can you just believe everything on face value man you people fucking stupid you say that I can't even pass a test yet I have more qualifications than any of you you call me stupid when I am literally qualified in all of these subjects in which I explore that is why I'm so scared of our mental health system because they lie and then act like it is the truth and And then from there forward, whether or not you reveal that it's not the truth, the lie becomes the truth. So even though I've clarified many times that I never said that, the lie is still the truth to the public. because the public's the smartest people in the world. People will be lovers of themselves, lovers of money, boastful, proud, abusive, disobedient to their parents, ungrateful and unholy.

Without love, unforgiving, slanderous, without self-control, brutal, not lovers of the good, treacherous, rash, conceited, lovers of pleasure rather than lovers of God. Having a form of godliness, but denying its power.

who you're supposed to be, who God wants you to be, the best possible version of yourself. So I will tell you the story of what happened when I was accused of screaming to a girl's parents that I wanted to fuck her, which never happened. But I'll tell you the events that did happen. I'll tell you the truth.

Okay, so I was at a camping ground, and I was there for quite some months, and I had a neighbor there, and my neighbor had a daughter, and I think she was like 9 or 10 or 11 or something like that. she was around that age I don't know exactly and I became close to this family and and one day I revealed to this family that it would be awesome if I could find a young girl and teach her all I knew and marry her you know and that's all that happened and then they said that I I don't think they ever said that I screamed it I think that was added from idiots maybe I'm wrong I don't know but I never ever said that I told you what I said and yes I did say that I was attracted to younger girls to this family or not to the family to the mother not even the mother this is a stepmother not even a stepmother because they weren't even married but in the morning I was then attacked by two police officers who were extremely violent and physical with me they then took me into like a makeshift hospital like a clinic and then they injected me with lots of weird drugs and then they stuck a catheter up my penis so I could use the restroom while they were transporting me because I was out of it because they were drugging me and then they put me in a helicopter and flew me from Cooktown to Cairns with a P catheter thing because they drugged me really really bad and then they put me into a psychiatric ward there and then they tortured me for I think it was the next three months after that I will admit though when they picked me up I was a bit drunk so I wasn't very coherent but I was in my own time and I was allowed to be drunk and I wasn't hurting anybody and then they literally tackle me to the ground and violently hurt me they do they did and another thing that happened was the police stayed with me the whole time so I kept on telling him that the police are satanic and he kept on saying I know we are and he agreed with the things that I was saying and he said that I need to act like this world that is fabricated is really how it is you know like that's happened before another time a police officer laughs saying that they knew that I was right but this world was too stupid to find out like it wasn't those exact words but it was something like that and it was really terrible and what that same police officer though mentioned said well because I wouldn't sign something so he said enjoy enjoy ended up in the hospital with the needle up your bum and then they kept on saying oh you're gonna end up in a forensics hospital and stuff like that and you gotta not believe everything that you see just because it's on paperwork doesn't mean that it's true i released that yes i released my medical records to show you their lies not to show you how they're telling the truth like what the is wrong with you you are all so stupid

stupidity is having or showing a great lack of intelligence or common sense An idiot is the noun. Boo. Boo. You is used to refer to the person or people that the speaker is addressing.

Yeah, I'm just going to release all my medical records because they're all 100% accurate. And I just want to show everybody in the world how retarded and crazy I am.

another thing that setting your channel to made for kids does is remove the possibility to search through your videos don't understand why he would deny it unless I've forgotten it never forgot it it just never happened it's like you can just say crap and document that crap that you're saying and then you say this is true even if it's proven false and all the stupid people of the world will believe the lie because our world loves lies and hates the truth they hate the ones who uphold justice and detest the ones who tell the truth the only thing I said about that girl is one are you interested as far as their parents and to which he'd be interested do you think that's all that's all that happened the rest are lies that you fucking believed to fix the world we must first fix our minds to fix our minds we must first fix our hearts and And, no, I am not a Nazi. I try to learn from the mistakes of my past. I'm like... Is Wendell a pedophile?

Yes, he is a danger to children. 42.9% Yes, but he probably isn't a danger to children.

42.9% No, he is just fixated with purity. nothing yet no it is a result of his schizophrenia 14.3 percent let's see where this poll goes it's pretty funny okay I'll finally reveal the big secret I had to figure out how to save the world and I had to find something very very very controversial to put out there that I knew that eventually would get picked up on if I just persisted long enough and I did so I'm saving the world there's no question about it I used my weaknesses and made them strengths I do like the way little girls look I'm sorry they're very beautiful I don't want to fuck them I would love to be around them and play games and teach them about stuff and talk about life and play music like that's the life I would have loved to be a tutor and tutor children that would have been really cool life but this world wasn't made for me so unfortunately I wasn't able to do that but I really really really wanted to do it and I had to figure out how to do it so I dedicated my life to be able to do it from afar so now all the children in the world who are interested in having me as a tutor then I'm there for them and I'll always be there for them. To all the children in the world this is for you I I hope you use it and make gold from it. I love you.

You guys really suck at your jobs. This first post has lots of lies.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-071-Beautify-Our-World

Is there any super good hackers that can find a video for me? The Open Source University launch, I did it in front of the Parliament House and I cut the ribbon and somehow I lost the video and that's the only video that I lost that I wanted to keep so it's really sad because I worked really hard on the video and it was short and sweet and to the point launch of open-source University huh I hope you guys can find it if you can that'd be awesome but I'm probably asking the impossible I think it's so cool now how everything I upload is archived by lots of people so every image even all the images that I put on my profile pictures and stuff people have taken them now so now I don't have to worry about things like saving pictures and stuff like that because everybody else does it for me and that means I go down in history that's awesome thank you God you made it work it took so long it took so long good job thank you for showing me and thank you for supporting me when I was you know going hey are you sure this is gonna work are you really sure like this doesn't sound right and I trusted you I trusted you thank you God you're so amazing you work in such amazing mysterious and insane ways people laugh that it took me 10 years to get my philosophy degree but it's not like I failed everything and I was enrolled full-time for 10 years that's not what happened at all I was doing part-time some of it some of it I couldn't study at all and some of it I did full-time so it took me ten years like spread out and I didn't fail any of my units so I don't see why that's such a thing to make fun of hey it took you ten years to finish your philosophy major well yeah wasn't doing it full-time I think it's a huntsman or something you Are you going to do something? Do something for the camera. Come on.

I got an email from a Palestinian. How interesting is that? I am the schizophrenic, delusional one, yet no one can prove my arguments incorrect. Do you want to know who is really crazy? It isn't me.

God works in some really, really weird ways. Kiwi Farms. I really like the later posts in your thread. Your beginning posts were very inaccurate and very cruel. And the later ones you can see are warming up to me.

I'll be your TV. You no longer need mainstream. It's time to reverse the brainwashing. I want to explain this video and its views because it does pull up a red flag because the likes aren't right for the amount of views it has.

That was not my doing. What happened is I hired someone on Fiverr to research SEO tags for me, and they did that, but then they also advertised my link of my latest video, so I don't know how they did it or whatever, but it wasn't through proper channels. uh that was not my doing that was someone else's doing so don't blame me for that shit the tags i was given were really crappy anyway and i had to end up making my own fiverr is a unreliable place with people who don't know what they're doing and it's really hard to find good people there, but you can. I think you need another option in this list.

It should say, is tricking the world. Ooh ha ha ha ha ha. My doctor and my nurse are attempting to coerce me into taking a Hep A and Hep B vaccine because I don't have immunity to them, yet I don't do any of the activities that would transfer that and I don't take vaccines that use aborted fetal tissue so that's the hep A vaccine and the hep B vaccine does not have aborted fetal tissue in it but it's like three different vaccines over a six-month period like I'm not doing that like that's a process and plus I hate injecting stuff into me like Like, I can tolerate blood being taken from me, but entering a foreign substance into either my muscle or my veins just feels wrong, it feels like an invasion of my privacy. And by the way, both Russia and China and the US are violating the Non-Proliferation Treaty because they continue to make nuclear warheads, and so do all the rest of them by the way, so none of them, and that's as they force those things on places like Iran, it's a joke.

If you can just like the video now, and then hit the subscribe button if you haven't, and then hit that little bell, that bell that goes like that, and then give me money, yes I'm a YouTuber. You call me schizophrenic? YouTubers are schizophrenic. If I ever make a halfway decent wage, I will hire my friend Twimber full time and start game production company I have written five books I've only sold about five of them so far it's the only way that I have to make money and these books are available for free on the internet so you can kind of preview them to see if you like them or not so whatever you do what you do you don't have to send your kids to school. I can be their teacher if they like me. Don't you just love how

the Australian government deploys the military on their own people when their own people haven't done anything wrong? I simply can't. Everything's on the table. Everything is on the table. How about this? I command an army. I am a general and we are in wartime and it is the government against the people and there is a completely different set of rules in wartime.

And what I'm telling you is true, because all throughout my videos, you can see I was declaring war. This is war, and it is the people versus the government.

What government? They are all the fucking same. If you haven't realized that, then wow, you're completely idiotic. The Illuminati controls them all.

Because real and actual political power resides not with publicly elected representatives, but with private individuals who are exercising power behind the scenes, beyond the scrutiny of democratic institutions. Democracy is a failed form of government in which the people have the authority to choose their governing legislation. It's not the right time to be sober. Now the idiots have taken over.

Spreading like a social cancer. Is there an answer? Mensa membership conceding. Tell me why and how are all the stupid people breeding Watson it's really elementary The industrial revolution Has flipped a bitch on evolution The benevolent wise are being quieted ostracized What a bummer The world keeps getting dumber Insensitivity is standard and faith is being fancied over reason Darwin's rollin' over in his coffin The fittest are surviving much less often Now everything seems to be reversing And it's worsening Someone flopped a steamer in the gene pool Now angry mob mentality's no longer the exception It's the rule, and I'm startin' to feel a lot like Charlton Heston, stranded on a primate planet Apes and orangutans that ran it to the ground With generals and the armies that obeyed them Followers following fables Philosophies that enable them to rule without regard There's no point for democracy when ignorance is celebrated Political scientists get the same one vote as some Arkansas inbred Majority rule don't work in mental institutions Sometimes the smallest, softest voice carries the grand, biggest solutions What are we left with?

A nation of God-fearing, pregnant nationalists who feel it's their duty to populate the homeland, pass on traditions, how to get ahead religions, and prosperity via simpleton culture, the idiots have taken over. The 28-year-old has been charged with incitement. That's an act of encouraging others to commit an offence. In this case, she allegedly created a Facebook event promoting an illegal protest against Victoria's lockdown.

Well, it looks like I will be arrested for that in my future as well, because they won't respect that we're in wartime law. When I obtain the influence, I will ask my followers 1. To destroy YouTube headquarters non-violently. 2. To destroy all capital buildings non-violently.

That's a little bit of a sneak peek into what you can expect if I ever manage to obtain a huge army. Just imagine what would happen. First the headquarters of YouTube gets demolished by the people. Then, one after the other, capitol building after capitol building after capitol building, are demolished by the people.

Can you say revolution? Revolution? Revolution? Fuck you, USA.

I've been studying my entire life, and now that I have obtained you guys, I no longer need to study. So after I finish this game development course, I'm finished, and then I can figure out what to do with that. Hopefully, make a game studio. That would be cool.

To help you find the Open Source University launch, it was launched on May 21st, 2012.

So that was the day the video went live. Yeah, not sure what happened to it. In case you reckon there's some conflicting information regarding my studies, there is not. Because, even though it took me 10 years to finish my philosophy major, I took other courses and gained other qualifications during that time as well.

I reckon that this is enough qualifications. We just started using these quite recently, and now our society can't live without them. it's fully developed representation not occurring until the 1950s hmm you each have autonomy you can do your own thing there's Canberra's wouldn't that look so good as rubble on the ground what about this one this would look so beautiful if we tore it to the ground. How beautiful would this be as a big pile of rock and then all of those who did the deed can share in the riches.

That would be fun wouldn't it? I don't know about you but I find great beauty in rubble especially when that rubble is from government departments that were corrupt and are responsible for the torture and deaths of countless people you know I'm just dreaming I'm just thinking about how we could remodel all of our capital buildings and any other organizations that are corrupt we could just have really beautiful buildings we could just help them out with beautifying their buildings by flattening them to the ground that would just be amazing I just find great beauty and corrupt organizations being rubble don't you find that like just beautiful rioting is not good that won't accomplish anything you have to, you know, organize this and come with a lot of people who are ready to make the remodeling plans that are necessary to beautify our world. We must be very careful not to hurt people, but we might need to incarcerate a few that are trying to stop us until the deed is done. No crime here, we're just trying to beautify our planet and i'm just thinking anyway like these are just thoughts about ways that we could remodel our buildings to make them so much more beautiful it's just mock-up right now we are just playing with some ideas that's the gem there are angel cards demon cards and human cards Should I tell you this? I guess so, because it'll be released eventually anyway, but the human cards are the standard playing cards and angels or demons are modifiers on the human cards.

So you can make your humans evil or good, and those practices that come along with evil and good will be represented in the game. So the whole objective of the game is to be able to play it and gain wisdom and insight into the issues that I identify in the world just by playing the game. So, like, I want people to understand what it means to be good, like, what are good actions and what are bad actions and stuff like that so they can be able to understand the difference between good and bad.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-072-Circle-of-Life

So, I was drunk, and the cops attacked me, and what I did to provoke them was reach for my camera. So, when I reached for my camera, the cops then both tackled me to the ground.

You better? I'll fucking... They didn't do that. They didn't give me any warning. They just...

I spent a while looking at this, trying to consider what you were saying. Are you saying that you support a thetum, my friend? The vast majority of these cases relate to people having 2.6 additional diseases that are severe and, on top of that, are very elderly. So again, only 6% of deaths have COVID-19 as the only cause mentioned, revealing that 94% of patients who died from the coronavirus also had, quote, other health conditions and contributing causes.

Some of which work this guy is really cool and his day one challenge inspired me because He says hey, I know this is really hard because You're doing multiple things in your head at the same time and it is really hard to do it, but he goes You know what man? I'm really proud of you I'm so proud of you because even though this is really hard you decided to stick with it and you will be rewarded for that in the long run and it just moved my heart him saying that so Kiwi Farms I am very proud of you I know it can't be easy talking about difficult and controversial subjects like this and I appreciate very much how you desire to learn the truth instead of wanting to believe the lies like the rest of society. So Kiwi Farms I am very proud of you. What you guys do is not easy and I very much appreciate synopsis of every episode love ya I suck at summaries and stuff like that I just do work and just continue to do work and to like make an overview of something like doesn't work in my mind because it's past this time for the next thing so I can't go and write a description on every episode it's just not something I'm capable of doing so well what you guys are doing is awesome me love me fans they were haters but I think I'm winning them over and I love them very much because they are doing God's work they are doing God's work and they're doing God's work because I tell them to do God's work so they do it even though they don't realize that they're doing exactly what I say all the time.

Thank you very much. I love you guys. I could give back some souls. Or maybe I could let those souls choose their own adventure.

Which would be more fun? An administrator in hell? Or a utopia in heaven?

The people in hell you can treat however the fuck you want. But if you decide heaven, you have to have heavenly characteristics in order to enter it. A utopia is not possible without people with utopian characteristics.

That is why religious views of heaven and hell are complete bullshit. because you can't save your soul by trusting in Jesus because if you're not a good person there's no way that you can go to heaven because you can't get along with people you can't promote those utopian qualities So all of these religious ideologies that say, hey, you just have to follow this, or you just have to, you know, do this, they're all complete bullshit, because it's actually what character we make ourselves into. So, will this character go to heaven, or will this character go to hell? It's not like, hey, dear Jesus, please save me from my sins.

Yes, I'm going to heaven now. It's not like that, and people are really, really ignorant to believe such lies. Thank you for doing God's work, my friends from Kiwi Farms. Who is my brother? Who is my sister?

I could not be prouder of my new family. I don't think that's a capital building. I knew exactly what I was proposing, thank you. Don't destroy them. You beautify them. You beautify them by making them rubble and they'll be so beautiful then.

Let's beautify our world by making our buildings so beautiful by leveling them. For false messiahs and false prophets will appear and perform great signs and wonders to deceive, if possible, even the elect. I have two narratives going on for the discerning soul. here's my super secret i've told it in many ways before but i don't think i have been so up front about it but i make an image in front of me like here right and i'm constantly painting that image right and if you believe that image then you get your soul reaped and you go directly to hell you not pass go and you do not collect two hundred dollars and you go directly to hell right but if you look behind the image that I've painted in front of you then you will see the truth and if you can see that truth then start your journey to heaven. Here is the trick. The Antichrist is also the reincarnated

Jesus, one and the same. The Antichrist, aka Jesus, aka me, returns to clear up a A grave misconception that the Christians, and as a result, the rest of the world, made. And that is Jesus is God. Jesus is a prophet of God.

I am a prophet of God. Worshiping Jesus, worshiping me, is idolatry. Only God deserves worship.

Praise your messiahs, but do not bow down to them. Here is my three favorites. One, two, and three.

I don't like anyone else from that forum. They're all jerks.

Them three are my super team from Kiwi Farms. I hope I eventually win over the other idiots. You were a super creepy person who spent their life stalking, watching, and laughing at people who were mentally different. That's not kind at all. Why were you in a forum like this?

Now, I am your new TV, and I am going to retrain you in virtue. You're obsessed with making fun of me, which I don't care. As long as you experience the content, over time you will become a better and a better and a better person. And whether you think that's true or not, the truth is the truth, independent of whether or not you think it is the truth.

My content can make fuck-ups such as yourself and turn you into good people.

Please do make fun of me all you want, but watch. As long as you watch, eventually, it will click.

And when you do, the 1% will freak out because they are losing their control over you and then declare war on you.

And then we pull the pen. Please allow me to be your tutor, individuals from Kiwi Farms. If you open your heart to allow me to guide it, then I promise that I will do my best to cherish it and take very good care of it and protect it with my life. It would be such an honor to have you as my student, and I will grow to love you very, very much if you become my student.

Please watch these videos with an open heart and an open mind. Please do not judge too quickly, and please do not assume when I do a scene that leads you to assume something. because when you assume you make an ass out of you and me so please realize the tricks that I'm trying to play on you I never indicated for anyone to commit a crime in my last episode I'm just trying to think of ways to beautify our world Enos, this is your show. I'm sorry that the past few episodes have not included you in it very much, but there's been a lot going on in my life, as you can see, and this is me trying to cope with all of this.

it's very overwhelming I was a nobody and then overnight became famous and I have to deal with all of those consequences now infamous whatever who cares you inspire me so much Enos because you were always in the back of my mind reminding me to be a good person so that I can be a good example for you. I want to be such a good example for you to show you what we can do together in heaven because we can make such an amazing, amazing, amazing utopian society together, and I've dedicated this life to prepare myself to be ready to make that utopian society in the afterlife. You only get to stay in heaven, Enos, which is probably good. You don't want to go down to hell. I get to roam freely between both

realms. To be honest, I don't know who is allowed to roam freely between both realms, but I know that I will be. I don't know if that will be common, but I know that you humans can't do that. You choose one or the other. If you find utopia too boring, yet you still want to live a virtuous

life I'll give you whatever job you want in hell I know your deeds that you are neither cold nor hot I wish you were either one or the other so because you are lukewarm neither hot nor cold I am about to spit you out of my mouth because life is a circle and evil arrives at good and good arrives at evil. Hitler was a better man than John Smith who did nothing with their life. Be evil and you can still reach enlightenment. Be good and you reach enlightenment. Neither good or bad

you go to hell. You bad you rule hell. You good you rule heaven. If you are good you get to choose heaven or hell, because you can survive in either, but I do warn you to think carefully about that decision, because there's no turning back once you decide.

Actually, I'm the one making the rules. So let's do this. If you are a prophet of gods, then you can roam freely between heaven and hell, which means you can have the best of both worlds. Shall we agree on that, God?

That seems fair, doesn't it? Yes? Okay. We'll shake on it?

Amen. I love you, God. Yes. I love you, Enos.

Thank you for helping me with this. you for doing this with me you're so amazing thank you this episode is going to be hard because I have like four ideas for names for this episode and I don't know which one to choose because they're all really good



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-073-Ukulele-Giveaway

When you actually test vaccinated kids versus unvaccinated, you quickly find out that all of the vaccinated kids have way more problems. That's where you get all the deficiencies and the problems and the allergic reactions and blah, blah, blah. He is my friend. He won't talk to me, though, because he's really busy.

He is also my friend, and he won't talk to me also. David Icke is my friend, but he won't talk to me either. These people will be with me in heaven This guy is cool too He doesn't really talk that much But what he does is archive my shit Thanks dude Hmm I don't need to do it anymore Because He fixed up the title And put 5 year old instead of toddler So Instead of trying to get this video removed let's just be happy with it when that video reaches 1 million views I will celebrate with a giveaway I will buy an ukulele and then sign it and then send it to my kindest fan that I have so let's get this video blowing up and once Once I get those 1 million views on it, then I'll get an ukulele too, so please be kind to me if you want an ukulele. Actually, let's make the giveaway even cooler.

This is the giveaway, which has a lot of history on this camera. Dear Biggest Fan, I love you, WCN.

If you don't want me to deface the front, then I can always write your message on the back. How much will this item be worth by the time I die?

Let's aim for a million views on Darkwing Duck's video. And the giveaway. Bullfinch's Mythology Pygmalion saw so much to blame in women that he came at last to abhor the sex and resolved to live unmarried.

He was a sculptor and had made with wonderful skill a statue of ivory so beautiful that no living woman came anywhere near it. It was indeed the perfect semblance of a maiden that seemed to be alive and only prevented from moving by modesty.

His art was so perfect that it concealed itself and its product looked like the workmanship of nature.

Pygmalion admired his own work, and at last fell in love with the counterfeit creation.

Oftentimes, he laid his hand upon it, as if to assure himself whether it were living or not, and could not even then believe that it was only ivory. He caressed it and gave it presents such as young girls love, bright shells and polished stones, little birds and flowers of various hues, beads and amber. He put raiment on its limbs and jewels on its fingers And a necklace about its neck To the ears he hung earrings and strings of pearls upon the breast Her dress became her And she looked not less charming than when unattired He laid her on a couch spread with cloths of Tyrian dye and called her his wife and put her head upon a pillow of the softest feathers as if she could enjoy their softness. The festival of Venus was at hand, a festival celebrated with great pomp at Cyprus. Victims were offered, the altars smote, and the odor of incense filled the air.

When Pygmalion had performed his part in the Solemnites, he stood before the altar and timidly said, Ye gods, who can do all things, give me, I pray you, for my wife. He dared not say, My ivory virgin, but said instead, One like my ivory virgin?

venus who was present at the festival heard him and knew the thought he would have uttered and as an omen of her favour caused the flame on the altar to shoot up thrice in a fiery point into the air When he returned home, he went to see his statue, and, leaning over the couch, gave a kiss to the mouth. It seemed warm. He pressed its lips again. He laid his hand upon the limbs.

The ivory felt soft to his touch and yielded to his fingers like the wax of Hermetis. While he stands astonished and glad, though doubting, and fears he may be mistaken, again and again, with a lover's ardor, he touches the object of his hopes. It was indeed a lie. The veins, when pressed, yielded to the finger and again resumed their roundness.

Then, at last, the votary of Venus found words to thank the goddess and pressed his lips upon lips as real as his own. The Virgin felt the kisses and blushed, and opening her timid eyes to the light, fixed them at the same moment on her lover. Venus blessed the nuptials she had formed And from this union Paphos was born From whom the city sacred to Venus received its name Lurk, just read the Great Awakening if you want answers to your questions This world is full of schizophrenics who are so schizophrenic that they don't realize that schizophrenia is a fabricated, made-up diagnosis. They're so schizophrenic that they think that what they think is real.

They think they win because they spend their lives laughing at me. But it will be I who has the last laugh. They spend their lives laughing at me, and I spend my life laughing at them. I have not opened it up yet so let's do the big reveal how beautiful okay so we got a little flight manual here and it just has that's cool we got some chords here and we have some strumming patterns to memorize I need to practice on my strumming patterns so that's going to be handy and cool chords all the main chorus a little bit of song this is a cool little extra oh we got stickers how nice cool stickers to use okay so this is the box I'll use to send that one once my other video gets a million views because I threw away the original box okay okay that didn't work okay where we go go okay look at this that's beautiful it has like backpack straps I want to tell you the model first so this is a pineapple NUP 310 flights the brand okay so this is really cool like you can tighten these up so it'll be flat so you can then use the sides of it it's a very good quality case that kind of appreciate good quality cases okay and yeah it's a it's a really good quality bag um it's a pretty small pocket but it's good um you can put like a spare set of strings in there or maybe a tuner let's open it up okay oh yeah yeah he's just gonna make it even more packaged and make sure there's nothing else in there no that's it okay so here we go how beautiful so we have here like a tribal kind of tattoo and like it looks like a killer whale and we also have that up here so they've actually been burnt into even the flight things been burnt into the wood these tattoos have been burnt into the wood so it's not like texture or something it's actually been burnt and the strings feel good quality this instrument just feels really good quality tuning pegs with plaster i guess they're okay they look okay um let's tune it up and see how she sounds every ukulele has its own personality this one is louder than the other one that i have let me just turn this off yeah it sounds pretty good I like it I love it it's funny because the people that make fun of me are very unintelligent and low functioning meaning that they wouldn't have any capability of doing something like this I'm a very high functioning individual I am way way smarter than all of the people that are making fun of me so it's just ironic sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war be willing to lose a battle in order to win the war if you believe strongly in something fight for it in time things will fall in place I think it is really sad that I had to trick a lot of people into watching my content by acting like a pedophile but now I go down in history for tricking all of you and this proves your stupidity my father won't talk to me since that video came out so it's likely that my fans also contacted him to also ruin my relationship with him so I'm without family now thank you fans i really appreciate that god why do these people not deserve to go to heaven because they are evil and if they went to heaven then they would ruin it and it would not be heaven their soul is reaped and they are going to hell i will very much enjoy torturing this man for all of eternity. He was right when he said that I am dangerous. He was just

wrong about the reasons as to why I am dangerous. This is interesting. Can't come up with a funny response other than yes. You want me to give you something to do in a Thedon? Sure my friend. Just give me time to contemplate. I think it is you

that need to decide what you want your role to be there I'm not going to be your boss you have your own autonomy but whatever you want to do there you have to do in this life so you have to train yourself in this life to be whatever you want to be in Atheden we're going to try our best to create Atheden while I'm living but my vision of Athena is heaven however we're trying to make heaven here on earth that's our objective although we're going to fail but that's okay that's what's written because unfortunately here is the destination for this earth Kiyama is God's final assessment of humanity the sequence of events is the annihilation of all creatures, resurrection of the body, and the judgment of all sentient creatures. God will destroy the world and reboot it into three forms, heaven, hell, and the new earth. creatures will be reborn into new bodies but these bodies are immortal bodies and are not capable of reproduction the new earth will be heaven's project and we will attempt to make it virtuous and on the new earth there will be reproduction because there will be new souls created.

The Bible foretells a 1,000-year period that I will create on earth a world of peace and justice without war and suffering.

Whether the new earth is a literal interpretation or a metaphor matters not because everybody in this world has to die before they can be reborn drink the bog water what do you like do you like doing security or what do you like in life where are you happiest in life because that's really important because you're going to have to do it for eternity and you got to be careful not to botch yourself in too much because then you can't expand at least leave your mind open to allow you to be everything or something i don't know you don't need one role you can have all the roles remember it's eternity it's not like a lifetime so it's better just to do whatever you want so think about that but you gotta realize that you gotta do these things here on this earth in order to do them in heaven so do them here and get really good at them and then in a theedon you'll naturally just take on the positions that you trained yourself over your life. Character is the mental and moral qualities distinctive to an individual.

I 100% don't believe that he isn't a danger to children just because of his marriage. you got to remember that schizo brains don't act rationally this dude could be walking down the street one day see a kid who looks a bit like Enos maybe she says or does something that triggers his broken neurons into firing suddenly he's ranting about his wife being reincarnated and he's stalking a living girl. What is character for 666? You guys are so stupid. You have no character, yet you

attack mine without reason. Without logical reason. Who is the crazy one? Hey, drink the bog water. You like stalking people, so there's a good job that you could take as an

angel in the new world and you could pretty much observe selected people's lives and then attempt to help guide them and direct them towards ways of wisdom so this would allow you to obsess over people's lives and at the same time help these people just an idea I'm just throwing it out there you can choose whatever you want to choose but the new world will be focusing on every individual in that world and helping them succeed so this world you just get born you get thrown out there and no one cares about you but in our new world each person is going to have an angel in which helps guide them throughout life and acts as an advisor so this would allow you to obsess over people's lives and you could choose the most interesting and weird people that you desire to help and and then just dedicate your life to helping them that would be a good job there's a thousand years of that I'm not sure what happens after that thousand years as far as the new earth I think the devil is supposed to be released for a short time again and after that there isn't really much written about the new earth so there will be there will be new prophecies in in the New Earth, but that will occur and be revealed in the New Earth, not now.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-074-Heretic

Have you ever noticed that you are getting ads for things you've talked about but haven't actually searched up online? They're not simple coincidences. I feel like, uh, maybe the authorities in the area should know that there's a schizo readily admitting that he's a pedophile. Maybe put him on a list or something.

Sure, Kiwi Farms doesn't intrude on your life. Yeah, right.

Love you, dude. I look forward to working with you for the rest of eternity.

Thank you for having fun with me, Kiwi Farms. This is all I wanted from the beginning anyway. All of my life up until now, I've had to entertain myself. Now you guys can entertain me.

Anyway, I keep getting called a heretic, which is pretty cool considering that I have my own game.

Heresy is any belief or theory that is strongly at variance with established beliefs or customs. In particular, the accepted beliefs of a church or religious organization. Thanks, dude.

Hmm, so it looks like the vote says that I'm a danger to children.

I had to figure out a way to reveal my message that people would actually listen to. Success. I know that I am very thick-skinned, and I don't allow a lot to bother me, but I want you to know that I am someone with feelings, and every time that someone's cruel to me, my feelings do get hurt, even though I kind of brush it off and act like it doesn't I have spent my life dedicated to kids trying to help them the best that I can and this is my reward I uncovered and revealed an underground child molestation ring that procures children to the rich and famous and I documented that and it's still going on beyond a shadow of a doubt the evidence is there yet I'm the one who hurts children when right now there's a child getting raped by some rich and famous guy yet that aspect of my life was completely ignored what is selective hearing it's happening right now because you guys refuse to acknowledge that it's happening I was all over Jeffrey Epstein yeah you guys call me a conspiracy theorist I am so relieved that I no longer have to obsess over archiving because my family does it for me now it was so bad though because places kept deleting my videos and it was like they wanted me not to have these videos so I I had to keep a hold of everything and obsessively upload it just in order to keep it on the internet. So, you guys are awesome.

I'm telling you how you as a society can become free. And if you listen to me, then you obtain freedom. God shall send them strong delusions that they should believe a lie. Drink the bog water. You are now my friend.

And you are part of me now. I will do my best to protect you in this life. And I will do my best to help train you up. To perform whatever job you wish to in a Thetan.

Come on, Chantel is fat. You know you want to. Come on. It's time our army began to organize.

Right now we are all scattered. I did that purposely by scattering followers everywhere over ten years. It is time that we reform now, regroup. It won't happen overnight, but yes, we can do it.

Juthalu is still a bit of a dickhead, but I'll work on him. Have you always been a dickhead or is it something that you practiced at for a long time to get good at it? We are innocent when we are children and we watch everybody else and see what they do and we learn from them. And we commit actions again and again and again, and eventually those actions condition who we are.

To become a fucked up dickhead like yourself, Juthalu, it takes a lot of blackness inserted into your heart over your entire life. it wasn't something you were born with or obtained instantly it was something you worked on I love you sir and I want you to come over to me join me it's really fun we can have fun for the rest of our lives and we can troll all the trolls and we can have lots of fun it'll be cool trolls are so easy you just gotta make them think something different from the truth like trolls are so easy to manipulate and I kind of caused all of this to happen in order to show you the truth of our world because I knew what was going to happen as a result of the actions that I took but I also knew that that process filming it exposing it would show us the truth I had to not care about what anyone thought so I called myself a pedophile in order to save the world I just wanted to build a girl from the ground up because all of the females that I've seen are all indoctrinated into society so I think it's really sad and I wanted someone unique so I had to figure out how to builder from scratch how do you build a girl from scratch I'm sorry she has to be young inexperienced oh this is much better we got rid of toddler thank you Darkwing Duck okay I'm gonna reveal something about me I actually don't like babies and I don't like toddlers I only like children when they reach about the five-year-old mark when they can communicate and they can do things and they have their own identity like I don't like babies and I don't like them not being toilet trained or not being able to talk and crying and slobbering and I'm not a fan of babies and toddlers at all like keep them away from me but once they get about five, man, then they're awesome. I don't think I've ever told the camera that, but it's true. I really like this guy. He's just a very kind and loving guy.

Very cool. I love the way he talks. Slow and articulate, just like me. For God so loved the world as to give them one of his children that whosoever believes in me and works hard to develop themselves may not perish but may have everlasting life. I don't think that I'll bother

with you unless you gain a little bit of heart. God made males and females. People like David Ike don't think that there's a distinction between males and females and think that a male and a female is only an experience and after we die we're no longer male and female. But that's not true.

God made males and females, and after we die, we'll still be males and females, independent of whether or not we can reproduce. Our gender is tied in with our soul.

Anyway, I got a negative comment when I made up how prophets can roam between heaven and hell freely. Are you really that stupid? I just made a deal with God on camera.

I might be a heretic, but you fuckers are called atheists.

Atheism is the complete rejection of common sense.

I will very much enjoy torturing this fucker for all of eternity. Scott Morrison is the 30th corrupt Prime Minister of Australia. The National Cabot began from a realization that if we each went and tried to go our own way, that in the face of something at the time we could barely imagine, that we wouldn't prevail and that we would fall short. Hi, Renee. I wish to start a human rights violation complaint against the ACT Human Rights Commission. How does the department handle complaints against itself?

This man is a psychopath, a criminal, and a fascist, and he deserves to stand trial for his crimes against humanity. Wow, this is crazy. Australia is like the most oppressive country in the world regarding COVID-19 Yet he's an idiot Do you want her? Please advertise Darkwing Duck's video

Let's make him make his career off of that one video he made I don't know why but I really like this image that just shows respect and And that's so awesome. Thank you, sir. I really like it when people respect me because it is almost non-existent. So much hate and hardly any love.

I love the love.

Like I said before, I'm very good at acting like the insults don't hurt me. But they do. Trying my best to help you guys I never asked money I dedicated my whole life to help you I spent the last 10 years making videos for you Without asking a dollar from you I don't deserve the hate I deserve the love Please give me love I did nothing wrong There is no crime There is no victim There will be a victim it's so powerful what he just said here and to be honest my purpose is to help each and every one of you to find your purpose so please use me to find your own purpose I think it's crazy how Australia is the most oppressive country when it comes to the lockdowns like even China isn't doing what Australia is doing I am very proud of you drink the bog water you have come so far in such a short period of time I love you the butterfly effect is complete bullshit you can't do one thing and that one thing have countless repercussions you You have to stick at that one thing in order for that one thing to have countless repercussions.

I am very proud of all of you guys on Kiwi Farms, even the stupid fuckers who couldn't distinguish good from bad. Sketch comedy writer is more important than doctors or nurses. Yes! This is my normal laugh. That's how I laugh. It's independent of stoner. Sorry if you don't like it.

60,000 views? You can't put famous in quotes anymore. Even though you still do. That just proves how idiotic you are.

You are a fool, an ass, a half-wit, a nincompoop, a dunce, a dolt, an ignoramus, all made for you. When we started society, you were just so stupid, and we had no terminology to describe your idiocracy, so it took a long time for us to develop the terminology in order to accurately describe you. If we are forced to divorce because your parents demand it, my love, can you please be my daughter? I accidentally tricked YouTube.

This show was not originally made for kids, But, as it developed, I decided to make this show made for kids. Which means that before it was made for kids, I was able to add the videos to a playlist. So, even if Shawkut still has a decent playlist, I just can't add new videos to the playlist. Even though those videos are now made for kids, which they should not be able to be on a playlist because that's how they restrict it.

but you can get around it by just uploading it as not made for kids adding it to a playlist and and then changing it back to made for kids so that's working for now but I don't know how long that will work for there's two buttons that you have you have to press one of them and one button will kill 10 million people across the whole planet the other button will kill 5 million people, so half as many, but they would all be from the same ethnicity? Oh, that's a good question. Oh my god. Oh my god.

Easy. Kill the 10 million. They chose wrongly.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-075-Assassins-Creed

I have heaps of subscribers that just subscribe to me in order to dislike my videos. My friend Pinku made a really cool analogy. He said, don't ever be a pencil, be a rubber. Rubber never breaks easily.

Always run on the flow. The truth. Features like personalized ads and comments are disabled on videos set as made for kids. Videos that are set as made for kids are more likely to be recommended alongside other kids' videos.

Chantel is fat. Why should you kill the 10 million instead of the 5 million of the same race? Because if you kill the 5 million of the same race, then it is called genocide, and that is racist. If you kill 10 million spread across the world, then there's no racism there, there's no genocide there.

Here's the thing. People are not important unless they make themselves important. So the only people that you have to worry about are those who are making themselves important because the rest are likely trash. It's better to spread out deaths than to concentrate them in one area that can be considered discriminatory.

If you kill 5 million people from one race or ethnicity, then you are losing culture. If you kill 10 million people spread across the world, there is no culture that is lost. What have I asked from anybody? And what have I given? I have asked nothing from anybody. And I have given everything. And you guys still insult me on a regular basis.

I don't have to make videos for you. I do that because I'm trying to save the world. I know that saving the world is a schizophrenic phenomenon, because only crazy people actually want to live in a good world. This guy is a fuckhead and I will enjoy very much torturing him for the rest of his life, but he is atheist and does not believe in the truth.

You lack patience and as a result have no ability to absorb the information that you hear, meaning it's wasted on you. It is obvious from his words that he obtained nothing from my content. Fucking idiot. If you are going to speed through my content, I would really appreciate if you would just piss off.

Like, get out of my life. Like, fuck off you stupid piece of shit. Because you have no patience, which means you are of no benefit to me. Which means that you are the trash of the world and you'll be in the 10 million.

10 million. They think they're so cool because they have no lives and they spend their lack of lives making fun of other people. How kind is that? They obsess over people who are different than themselves and then make fun of them. Like, yeah, that's really cool. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Fuck

you. You are the scum of the world. It is you who are really mentally ill and the content producers are just trying to share themselves with the world. And you don't share yourself with the world. You hide in your little forum behind your stupid little nicknames that you

use you have no identity you are anonymous and you are jerky does kiwi farms care about people do they want to help them do they hope the best for people because the diagnosis fits you you, and not I. Woe to those who call evil good and good evil, who put darkness for light and light for darkness, who put bitter for sweet and sweet for bitter. How fast should I talk? Should I talk? I think pretty fast, so I can talk really fast if

you want me to talk really fast, but then you'll get really confused, so what should I talk? Is this a better way to talk? Should I really mess up? See, I'm stumbling on my words here, and I can talk really fast if I want to, but that's really stupid. Why should I do this?

I really want to articulate myself really carefully, and I don't think I should talk fast. I think I should talk slow and articulately, and the thing is, when I talk fast, everybody goes, whoa, what are you saying? What are you saying? You're confusing me, and so I slow myself down, and why would I want to talk fast? Like, what's your fucking problem? Why are you in such a hurry?

I'm trying to present these at a pace that you can comprehend, and it's obvious that these people that are speeding this up are not comprehending what I am conveying. So they are completely misinterpreting, misunderstanding my message because they have no patience to assess information. I will be torturing you in hell, sir. Describes himself as slow and articulate. One part of

that is right. So he's saying I'm slow, but I'm not articulate. So let's look at the definition of articulate to see if he knows what he's talking about. Articulate is having or showing the ability to speak fluently and coherently. How often do I make mistakes in my speech?

If I make a mistake, I delete the scene and then reshoot it. If I'm reading long text, I'll try to split it into sections because otherwise I'll make a mistake and then I'll have to shoot the whole thing again. That's how I work. I want to give you quality content without errors.

So I obsessively make my videos perfect, make the speech in the way I want to communicate that speech, see, I would normally cut this scene and then do it again because I kind of stumbled on what I was saying. But I'm not going to do that because I want to show you exactly what I do. So in this case, I would have shot the scene again, but I'm not going to do that because you see that's how I work and sometimes I have to shoot a scene 5, 10 times and rarely but succulently like it's hard. My job's hard, dude.

Sometimes I have to shoot a scene like 10 or 20 times like it's not easy, eh? I also think it's really sad for you guys to abuse me. Maybe I should commit suicide, and then go down in history for you killing me. I would have already a long time ago if it was easy, but committing suicide is not easy.

I want nothing from your world. It has nothing to offer me. I have so many haters out there and I get my life threatened merely on a daily basis. Why can't you just do the deed?

Just end my life. Come on. Do it. I'm ready.

Yeah. I don't really want to get stabbed and there's no guns in Australia. I don't know. If you stab me, make it good, eh?

Make it something that won't make me suffer too much. I don't want to suffer. Just, you know, finish it, please. The public thinks that I am a danger to children, and I love children very much.

So if this is true, that I am a danger to children, I humbly request that you end my life. Because, if that is true, then we need to remove any possibilities of me hurting children.

Please end my life.

I want to go home. I am tired of your fucking world.

I want to be with Enos. Lurk. It's one million views. We are up to about 66,000 in four days.

We can do it. You just got to advertise that link. Help Darkwing Duck by making his career with that video. Get that video out as far and wide as you can.

And million views, the giveaway. Sorry, that's it. A million views. But in four days, getting almost 66,000 views.

Like, you can do it. Just advertise it. Lurk. Making up the whole pedo thing in order to get attention for my cause.

Kind of both sides there. Because I wanted a philosophy-driven girl. I wanted a female version of me. And the only way I could think to obtain that was to train a child and marry her.

So, as far as making up the whole pedo thing, yes, but I really wanted a philosophy chick to do this with all the time. Of all the things to lie about, why choose the one that is guaranteed to evoke revulsion and disgust? Because if I did not do this, I would still be unknown, hidden from the world. As far as putting me in danger and potentially being attacked by locals, please refer to the last few minutes of this video.

I'm ready to go home, and if there's anyone who is brave enough out there to do it, then please do. i wish i was shot dead in my tracks by some well-meaning caring person you constantly torture me with your abuse why not just go the whole way If you kill me, then you have this video footage right here of me telling the police that I will not press charges.

That is if you make it quick. If you make me suffer, you go directly to jail. You know where I live.

You have my address.

You just have to plan it out. I hope to see you soon, my love. That would be the optimal outcome.

I could not figure out how to kill myself, so I spent my life attempting to become a martyr.

My master plan is unraveling. I am ready to go, God. But if you want me to stay here, then that is okay too. what else can I do to secure my assassination like I said before this world was not made for me I no longer wish to be in it and if you assassinate me then you would be doing me a huge favor for multiple reasons see if you can figure that out because once you assassinate me I become the new Jesus and the world is saved I don't have any real friends I just lost my family I have nothing to live for there is nothing on this earth that interests me anymore I'm ready to go home my life consists of 99% abuse and death threats and 1% love and I know that I need some work on my singing but I am trying my best and the more I do it the better I will get so I just got to do it and keep on doing it and I'll get better and better. And if you don't like it, I'm sorry. Please

go watch another video then. All of my content is now archived and Kiwi Farms is also archiving my content now. Throughout my videos, I have explained everything that I need to explain to reach enlightenment as a society. What I'm doing now is all extra and is ultimately unnecessary because there are many many many past videos that will answer all of your questions.

So I am ready to go. There is no ties that are keeping me to this earth anymore. Now no matter what happens, Ivory Heart the game will be created. It might not be called that if it's not me creating it, but through my ideas, this will be created. And that is a

game that teaches wisdom. I'm complete. I accomplished everything that you requested from me, God. I'm ready for the afterlife.

Come on. Come and get me. I dare you. If you kill me, then you will be directly responsible for saving the world.

Because what happens to philosophers after they die? God's grand plan likely evolves with my death.

Oh well.

God's smarter than we are. God knows best.

And if you don't kill me, I will spend the rest of my life destroying your fucking evil world.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-076-March-of-the-Penguins

uses God's name in vain. Do not give what is holy to the dogs, nor cast your pearls before swine, lest they trample them under their feet, and turn and tear you in pieces. Dearest fans who have a heart, I am finished with my work. That is until you give a synopsis to all of my old work because there is gems that are hidden right before you so I beg you now please take my time away as a time for you to go through all of my old work and when you do that I will then continue with the Enos Shawkut show right now you have only summarized the bad things that I did entirely taken out of context of whatever it was I was doing and why I was doing it so can we please now make a more accurate representation so here that's what we have to create summaries of you do that I'll start my work back you can put whatever bias you want in there but I i would most appreciate you to be objective as possible please don't forget my books either available in ebook paperback or audiobook those of you who do this for me thank you very much It means the world for me, and God also appreciates your efforts doing his work.

I will be watching you, and remember, I am very proud of you. You can add your episode synopsis to Kiwi Farms here, under this thread.

Yes, I have my own thread.

Let's make this thread save the world. So comments are disabled when live streaming, when your channel is made for kids, so there's so many disadvantages to having a channel that's made for kids, but I'll work with it. The reason that I'm stopping is that there is a lot of work in my past that's gold that you should watch. Like, each production has something major, something crazy that I did, a secret.

The reason why I asked for summaries was to publicly reveal what I did in text format because that has not been done yet. I just want to get out there the crazy things that I did because they're hilarious. It's really funny. All of my work is satire, so I don't know why you don't want to go back and watch my old work because it's really funny the meaning of life I expose myself as the heretic that I am my reflected death I did not wish to live and went through my experiences on camera what is love I came out to the world I vow our righteous youth I define what ivory is ivory heart I give my heart to ivory my salvation I define catharsis in her I capture multiple crimes on camera and attempt and fail at presenting the evidence to the police more police troubles there yeah don't watch that one run for prime minister in this one get arrested in this one but filmed all the events and their lives and then was censored I show you how to make a video notebook how to use that notebook like a time machine to travel to any time in your past that you have recorded and and then demonstrate the lifestyle that's required in order to keep this notebook.

Ran for President of the United States.

Climbed up a really big mountain that was not supposed to be climbed.

Judgment. This was finished filming a day or two before the cops picked me up from the campground. This was shot in Mexico. This was shot returning to Canberra from Mexico. This was declaring what is what. This was bowing to the queen. This is the phoenix and this is now.

I highly recommend that you just follow what sounds interesting to you because they all have really big secrets in them and they are all really funny and don't worry about summarizing them. You don't have to do that. It would just be cool if someone did that, because it'd be awesome if all these really funny, hilarious things that I did were documented in text. I love you guys, even though you hate me. Peace out.

This is the Minister for Education in the Netanyahu government. There will never be a peace plan with the Palestinians. I will do everything in my power to make sure they never get a state. He also said, if you catch terrorists, you simply have to kill them.

I've killed a lot of Arabs in my life, and there's no problem with that.

This is the Minister for Justice. Palestinians are all enemy combatants. this also includes the mother the mothers of the martyrs they should follow their sons nothing would be more just they should go as should the physical homes in which they are which they raised the snakes otherwise more little snakes will be raised there that's the israeli minister for justice in the last few months the israeli minister for a deputy minister for defense Palestinians are beasts they are not human the Minister for Foreign Affairs C.P. Hockley is the last one my position is that between the sea and the Jordan River there needs to be one state only, the state of Israel there is no place for any agreement of any kind that discusses the concession of Israeli sovereignty over lands conquered in 1967 I am not depressed i am never depressed i am always happy even when bad things happen please do not assert lies onto me why would i join your evil forum almost everybody in there is fucking rude that's not giving me any incentive to join you the reason why i pushed people to your evil forum was not to get summaries. It was to show how fucked up you guys are. Just imagine how many reaps are

happening auto-magically thanks to Darkwing Duck. Let's get dangerous. Why should I make new content? you're just jerks to me you just take my new content and then laugh at me not very good motivation there a reap happens automagically when someone watches my content and doesn't feel anything i'm showing to god right at this very moment why lots and lots of people deserve to go to hell what is a reaper for 666 i show them the truth god sends them strong delusions they believe the lie and they are reaped so when you see standing in the holy place the abomination that causes desolation spoken of through the prophet daniel let the reader understand then let those who are in Judea flee to the mountains war is starting I don't need anyone's help when I mentioned I have a small army I was not talking about you Right now, countless people insult God's prophet, that is, one who from childhood gave their life over entirely to God to be a tool for God's will.

You guys at Kiwi Farms think that you are special because I am speaking directly to you, but the truth is that you guys are just the archetypal image, and I am speaking to every person. You think I actually care about this thread where you constantly insult me? I am showing God why you do not deserve to go to heaven. I have made many enemies and it is now time for me to play the chess game that I created for myself in the beginning.

This chess game does not involve me releasing daily content.

The pieces have already been set up.

You can watch all of my previous content on my website. It's uncensored there. You can obtain all of my videos there unlike Youtube. Youtube would be a nightmare to watch my videos on because they censored a lot of them.

You can also watch and subscribe to my content on Bitchute. I have no desire to play foolish games with you. I am working on my other game, so I do not care about you, Kiwi Farms. You were fun for a moment, and you've proven yourself as the jerks that you are.

I will be moving on. if you want to watch my content it is here for you if you don't then please move along

i made my work in the past so you could watch it in the future i did not make my work in the past so you could watch my future videos that would not make sense so back to you discussing me amongst yourselves because I no longer have interest in your forum. If I have won over your heart, that is, if you are a warrior that is ready to fight the war ahead of us, then please do email me. If the people abuse their email privileges and if I constantly get abused on email, then I will have to change my email address, but if that happens, then you dug your own grave.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-077-The-Bards-Tale

All I wanted for Christmas was my two front teeth.

It's not even Christmas yet. It's only September 11th. Yay!

I'm perfect now. I was really insecure about that tooth, and I'm so glad that they fixed it. I am a perfect being, my God. I have perfect health, and I am physically perfect. Everything about me is perfect now.

Some things, like grinding a tooth, will wear away our perfection, and if we wish to remain perfect in that area, we will have to seek assistance from others. the reason that I cut my hair was because it was the end of an era and the beginning of a new era and this haircut literally took me like five minutes in front of the mirror so now how I make my videos when there is something important to say I will take it out of its bag and then film and then after I finish filming, then I put it back inside of its bag. Until next time. Having people that are tied to predators being involved in these organizations that protect children gives them access to children and there's not enough oversight of them.

How cute is this? The killer whale is about to eat a little fish. Every nation, in every region, now has a decision to make. Either you are with us, or you are with the terrorists.

It looks like I am with the terrorists, sir, because I would not be caught dead with you. An allegiance is a duty of fidelity said to be owed or freely committed by the people, subjects, or citizens to their state or sovereign. My enemy, my enemy, me fuckin' muckin' muckin' fuckin' muckin' enemy, yeah, my fucked up stupid idiot enemy that's allowing me to declare war against them in their own country, in the capital, that's why I'm here, to destroy it, I'm gonna spend my life doing that. Whoever allies with these countries may find a fucking enemy.

I will spend the rest of my life breaking you until you fucking work. Like the good government that you should be, not the fucked up corrupt shit system that you have. that have proven time and time again doesn't care about you these are your gods you bow to them because the media puts them in front of you and hides the people who are actually doing real things stupid these states are fascist and I have proven this beyond a shadow of a doubt. I am for freedom and not tyranny, my enemy enemy enemy enemy doesn't matter where Where? Enemy? Doesn't matter where. Enemy. They're so fucking fake.

Eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh He's super involved with Unit 8200, Israel. Trump is essentially owned by the Zionist lobby. His biggest donor is Sheldon Adelson. His son-in-law, Jared Kushner, who's super involved in all his stuff, is very clearly inoperative for Israel.

These are my allies. My wife is Palestinian, and I fight for her every single day. Muslims are my friends. I've never had any problems with any of them and I hope not to have any problems with any of them in the future. They have a solid belief system and my only difference to it is faith and not law.

Because what is Islam? Fully dedicated to God. What am I doing? It's called practicing Islam. A general is a commander of an army.

I invite you to be in my army. If you're interested, just watch my work. Take it as fast or slow as you need to. I made myself available to you infinitely, so if you're interested, please be my student and learn from me whatever it is that I have to offer.

Most of my work is me contacting my enemies and outlining why they're super corrupt, and what they need to do to fix their problems, and them not caring. me exposing their lie and I do that in all facets of society because every single aspect of society has an appearance of things and they work really hard to keep up that appearance but the reality is much darker this is very pretty it is spring God is such a master craftsman super cool this right here is the bulk of music theory learning this enables you to learn lots more it's like a gateway drug it opens you up into a whole new world I just I just made that up on the fly. Sorry if it wasn't very refined, but what do you think? Am I star material? Will you have me as a star, world?

I know I suck at a lot of things, but the thing is I get better, and I get better on camera, and I just keep getting better and better, and eventually your stupidity shines through. That's why I capture how stupid you are to me because I document it because you're really stupid. Like double digit IQ. information I want to be able to be confided by your stupid rules please let me just fuck around please let me fuck around fuck around if I sold out now because the word's still there so I can't sell out even if I did sell out I wouldn't have been a seller I use the word for free and you're so stupid but please this is arete which is Greek for virtue it's not like saying hey I'm virtuous although I am but it's saying that I'm a writer and everything that I write everything that comes from my hands needs to reflect this this one is phronesis which is practical wisdom So it's not just knowing, but knowing how to put in practice.

That's a really hard one to do, and it took me a long time to be able to do that in my life. That's the tree of life. It's really, really complicated, and it's a big reason I got it. One, for the patterns it creates, and two, the archetypes that it teaches you.

I'll be learning it for the rest of my life. It's really complicated, and plus it works in reverse, too, the satanic side of it. but yeah um this is i love you um i got it so i could close the camera like that and say i love you um but it also if you do alt 666 on the keyboard with the number pad thing it puts that in there i didn't realize that when i got it but i did realize that it was the mark of the beast uh but i put it in my left hand because it said on your right hand uh so i said no fuck that i'm I'm going to get my own Mark of the Beast and it meant 666 even before I realized it meant 666 because if you cross your eyes and then combine the U it's a W so it's like Wendell Charles NeSmith like that and you can cross it and make it a W if you cross your eyes you make it a W and that's the three lines that meant 666. This is agape, which is love of humanity, or God's love, it's unconditional love.

This is ivory, which stands for I vow our righteous youth. And this is the nine-tailed demon fox. This is hard to film, but this is my family crest, and I carry my cross every day. So they're my tattoos.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-078-Self-Titled

There once was a hero named Wendell, who fought a many wars. He has come out victorious, because the world.

How can they be so blind? How can they refuse to use their mind? How can they dismiss and follow treason to assert to the death? This band is yay, we win and love you dear.

My from a bitch isn't with my dolls, but had a favorite visit my friend. to leaves nearby all together I could spell I could count D said that I was cleansed off gave me a star in my copybook gave me a piece of chocolate when my drawing copybook was neat some would wake my face looking to have started The two places below mine is where I got the beautiful song that you just heard. If you believe in God's promise by definition, please look up the definition of stupidity. A photograph of you is attached to it in the book.

What is to kill me?



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-079-Over-the-Rainbow

So, in the key of C, we play C, and then we play G, which is the 5th, and then we play A minor, and then we play F.

So, this is a very ukulele sound, so it sounds something like this. So if we were to transpose this from the key of C to the key of G, then we would be doing from G to D, the perfect fifth, to E minor, to C. So let's see how that sounds. Scales are super important because they teach us what notes sound good together.

And scales are pretty easy to learn on the ukulele because they're just patterns. And you can go up or down a semitone to change the scales. So I'll show you for an example the D scale. D, E, F sharp, G, A, B, C sharp, B.

So if we want to play D-sharp now, the D-sharp scale instead of the D-scale, we just go up one semitone and play the same thing, the same pattern. There's no way that I can stop my work. There's too much momentum going forward.

And I like to learn and teach on camera. I like you to see me discover things. I like to learn new things and then teach those cool things that I learned on camera. And those things build and make me.

So even though it's kind of amateurish at first, it refines and eventually becomes perfection. So you get to watch me as I grow. I built myself from the ground up. on camera for you to see. Eventually most of my productions will be musical. What do you think

will happen? My videos are made for kids which means I can't make any money off of them but it means that I can reach them. All the beautiful little girls of the world, let me teach you ukulele. I will try to teach wisdom through my ukulele playing and as a result teach you how to teach wisdom through your own ukulele playing. You only have 12 notes to learn. We start at the key

of C. Its relative minor is A minor, meaning that the key of C and the key of A minor have the same keys in it. They start on a different tonic note though. The tonic note is the root note is the first note, which is C or A minor, or A. So I'll show you how this works. It

goes C, D, E, F, G, A, B, C. So, if we were to play in A minor, we would just start on A, and we would go A, B, C, D, E, F, G, A. And we go around the circle, and then we go to G, and we add one sharp, which will be F sharp. So we start on the key of G. So it'd be G, A, B, C, D, E, F sharp, G.

As we move to D, we keep the F sharp that we had in the key of G, but we add one more sharp, and this time it's a C sharp. So it would be D, E, F sharp, G, A, B, C sharp, D. This works in the same way for its relative minor, meaning that the D major scale here, its relative minor, is B minor. So we would start here on B, and the minor is B, C sharp, D, E, F sharp, G, A, B.

so you just start and finish on b instead of starting and finishing on d and you just go around the circle adding sharps until you get to all sharps and flats which i'll show you how that works in a second let's look at f sharp major and g flat major here so you can notice here there's and E sharp and that's because the letters have to be consecutive you can't skip so it's F sharp G sharp A sharp B C sharp D sharp E sharp F sharp so E sharp is just F as you can see on the keyboard here if you sharp E is just going to be F. In modern musical notation and tuning, an inharmonic equivalent is a note interval or key signature that is equivalent to some other note interval or key signature, but spelled or named differently. These key signatures are not used very often, but they would be fun to learn. Most people are using these key signatures.

The key of C is the first to learn because there are no sharps and flats. In piano terminology, this means that the key of C and the key of A minor are all the white keys. The closer these are together, the better they sound together. So, if you're trying to change from the key of C to the key of G, it would be very easy because you would only have to introduce the one sharp, which is F sharp.

Or even from the key of C to the key of D would be relatively simple too because you're only introducing two sharps. But if you wanted to change from the key of C to the key of F sharp, that would be very difficult because it's completely opposite around the wheel. So if you want to change to that key, you would have to kind of work yourself around the wheel introducing one note at a time. Here is another cool trick to learn which sharps are added.

So the key of G adds the sharp F. So the key of D adds the sharp C.

The key of A adds the sharp G.

The key of E adds the sharp D.

The key of B adds the sharp A. In the key of F, you have a B-flat. In the key of B-flat, you add an E-flat. In the key of E-flat, you add an A-flat.

In the key of A-flat, you add a D-flat.

The key G-flat and F-sharp have all sharps or all flats except the B notes.

The ukulele is so cool because it is 12 notes, one octave. See, there's 12 frets here, so you have the G string and the octave G, G, and then C string, octave C, E string, octave E, string, octave A. It isn't very useful practically, but just so you can get used to your instrument, I recommend you playing the scale straight up your fretboard. The ukulele has many different elements. You don't just learn the ukulele, you learn a part of the ukulele and eventually all the parts that you learn come together.

you put your thumb on the third string so the first string is this one at the bottom second string next one third that one fourth is the top string so we're putting our thumb on the third string our index on the second string and our middle finger on the first string so we're gonna play three two three one One, three, two, three, one, three, two, three, one, three, two, three, one. I'm just going to show you this one pattern just so you can get used to the pattern. So I'm just going to change chords so you can hear what it sounds like when I'm finger picking. Another facet about ukulele playing that's very important is strumming patterns.

The basic strumming pattern is just down up. So it's just down, up, down, up, down, up, down, up, down, up, down, up, down, up, down, up. So that's all you really have to learn to begin with, but you can get some more advanced ones This one's called the Hawaiian strum it goes

So pretty much you just play these strumming patterns over and over again So we'll just do a basic one the down up

up, down, up, down, up, down, up, down. Although I'm not perfect at it, and it's not always the case, this relates to syncopation too. And if you go down, up, you're using eighth notes, whereas if you just go down, down, down, down, you're just using single notes. So using quarter or eighth notes is going up with it.

So just the normal down, down, down, down, or you can go down, up, down, up, down, up, or down, up, down, up, down, up, down, up. There's a lot of different things you can do. And to be honest, you can make up your own, but these are archetypes that are there to help you develop. Please use me to expand your musical capabilities and, while you're at it, enlarge your heart.

The ukulele is perfect. It's tiny, it's durable, and it's capable. I have chosen my instrument of choice. It took me a long time to be able to decide on this because there were so many awesome instruments available in this life, but the ukulele is so versatile and so capable to be able to solo with.

And solo is so important because all throughout my life I have never been able to find anyone to jam with. So I have to be able to jam with myself. Playing with others is a skill to be learned and I have not acquired that skill yet. I will spend the rest of my life mastering this instrument and teaching you how to master it while I do it.

This is the cheapest precision instrument available in the entire world. Only 32 Australian dollars. My new goal in this life is to get one of these into every child's hands. I would love to mass produce smaller, plastic, super durable versions of the ukulele, but But I have been asking around and I have not been able to find any factories that can do it.

The more of these that are in the world, the better our world will be. Because I see the day where music is ingrained in our everyday lives, business as usual, no longer an escapist methodology. I see the day that we are all skilled in music, that we are all skilled in philosophy. I see the day where children are raised to become stars and not workers.

Welcome to Athedon. This is now our new utopian society. It is as fast as the turtle, but always wins the race. It is not said to be this or that, but instead develops from within and reaches out into all of society.

Among its beautiful and never-ending gardens, you will come to understand its nature, which will persuade your feet to align within its circle, because you will come to understand that your nature derives from it. This will result in your passion, desire, and dedication to exist as and within the The highest form of it understood and actualized into your existence. Somewhere, the rainbow, it's where blue birds fly. We have been watching at a distance and have come to admire your humility and daily struggle against the ignorance of the unknowing masses. You possess the character necessary for the

challenges ahead, but you must still prove yourself as the rightful heir in order to build a harmonious bridge between the forces of good and evil.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-080-Dear-Kids

It's plateauing. Oh well. It was fun why it lasted. Let's get dangerous.

Children are precious. They're God's gems. God gives humans one chance to not grow up. Do you want to know the secret to my youth? It's refusing to grow up and become an adult like you guys.

Truly I tell you, unless you change and become like little children, you will never enter the kingdom of heaven. Wendell battles to the heart of all the problems in society and teaches his lost children how to defeat Hook and his evil mind-controlling pirates. Each wrinkle infused into our skin paints a picture into our past, and the actions of our present then directs the shape of their future. A frown will eventually infuse into old age, and the mannerisms that we utilize will form into the heart that controls them.

And as these wrinkles stack, we begin to forget the dreams that once plagued our minds. Popular culture then reinforces this conformity through simple yet repetitive messages, and those who see through them end up being marginalized by society. Our path gets darker as the fairies of the world lose the fire that drives them. Because if we lose the ability to interpret non-literal examples into the reality of how we and everything around us functions, then we also inflict oppression that could obtain us real collective insight.

And when those who have discovered fairy dust unite, the revolution will begin, and the golden freaks who kept their happy thoughts will remember how you treated them when they evolve into your judge, jury, dot dot dot. I often times get ID'd when I buy over 18 products, especially when I shave. The magic did not happen to any of my other family members. It was just me, because of the lifestyle that I lived.

when you live your life in virtue having fun playing games fucking around with society those childish acts will eventually stack and instead of wrinkles one produces tears I am never going to grow up. That is for you tools to do.

I received it a lot throughout my work. You're just a kid. What you have to say isn't important. Grow up. Fuck you. Who won?

You guys feel so good because you insult me, but my work goes down in history, and your insults are forgotten almost the moment they leave your mouth. Like Deadwing Dork calling me Weasel. How well did that one stick? I am getting Wendy and Winnie, but those are cool.

A pet name is stated in endearment, and Deadwing Dork just used it as an insult. Not a very good one either. You want to insult me? Call me Wendell the Duck.

That is how people used to make fun of me in my childhood. Oh look, it's Wendell the Duck, oh look, it's Wendell the Duck. It's so awesome to make fun of people, especially when they can't help it. Uh-huh, Wendell the dog is so funny.

As a child, your job is to try your best not to learn bad habits from those who surround you. Your job as a child is to retain your innocence.

There will be a lot of bad influences around you. There will be a lot of other children doing wicked things which they learned from adults. You have to fight to stay pure.

You need to stand up for those who are weaker than yourself. Not everybody has had the wonderful opportunity that you have. So, utilize your new gifts to protect the weak. Who is Peter Pan for $666?

dollars. Be careful of puberty. This is when most people lose their innocence in more than one way. Value your chastity because you only get one chance. Do not find a boyfriend or

girlfriend. Find your soulmate. All or nothing. You will live a better life alone than with the wrong person. Start looking as young as you want because people live

a long time in this world. It's funny because I just got ID for buying beer. I I think I'm gonna have to start drinking beer again because I can't afford to do drugs. Do not believe your parents and your teachers when they tell you that you are not mature enough to make your own decisions.

The world is like it is because of the decisions that they made in life. How mature were their decisions? I envision a future world where we bow down to children. A world where our every action is made in order to enable them to achieve greatness.

Children are the future, adults are the past. Children are the future, adults are the past. Our world is currently structured to indoctrinate children, not enable them. Age is just a number.

Look for those who have an old soul, like yourself. This will provide you the most potential in life. This guy legitimately frightens me. I couldn't sit through the entirety of the thread by myself, so I watched the Deadwing Dork video to get a summary.

That'll do it, yep. It's a bit outdated, but even then I couldn't stand it. It's like finding lost tapes of a schizo out of the blue in the house you just bought. Horrible analogy, I know, but picture that.

You buy a home without knowing this crazy fuck lived in it, then find his videos all taped, then you watch them alone. It's an incredible sense of unease and danger, as if you weren't alone after all. Children, these are the current rulers of your society. The longer that you continue to allow them to rule, the longer you will live in oppression.

I could just spend my whole life making videos about all of the horrible things that people say about me. Is that fair? What have I done wrong? The thing is, children, this is your parents who are saying these things.

We can't save the world, dear children, when this is normal behavior. We have to learn how to fix it. We don't do that with your parents' permission. How do we fix it, my precious ones?

We protest, and we protest, and we protest, until our voices are heard, until our demands met. We are the children of the new generation. We are so much smarter than you because we have technology. I think my music is really really funny because it's so bad it's kind of good. Anyways, all of the people who are mean to me are

fucking reaped. I've learned most of the main chords with ukulele, but I have to work on the sevenths sometime in the near future because I don't really know any of the sevenths. Parents send their children to school so they don't have to raise them. It doesn't make sense to me. If I had a child, I would not allow them

to use your education system. I would educate them myself. This will happen for a while. You get faster and better and your fingers just have to condition to get used to it.

I love music because you can put so much precision into it and no song is ever the same. You can just change one little thing about how you do something and have a new song. Do you want to know a good career to pick my children? Pick everything. Don't pick

just one thing. Why would you want to come into this world just to do one thing? You have an entire lifetime and if you committed it just to do one thing you would be super bored. Socrates' definition of the good life means that there is more to lie than just living your life day to day in the same pattern. Socrates believes that in order to truly

live a good life, you need to think about your existence and ask questions about the things around you. If you don't stop them, my children, then you will become them. And that is the worst thing that could happen. Sometimes you just have to tell your parents, fuck you. I'm going to live

a good life unlike you. My entire life is dedicated to you children. I know that you don't see a lot of it immediately because there's a lot that goes on in the background, and there's a lot of videos that I made for children throughout my work that are just hidden there, but I really care about children, and I don't want the future that is set for them to happen. I want a better future for them and I want our world to turn our attention away from ourselves and turn it towards children and help them out with everything that they need in life and they're refusing to do that now and you can see that throughout my whole work all of my work they refuse to do this I keep saying this world should be built for children they say no fuck that fuck that but children they're saying this like this is you this is you they're saying no to so you gotta wake up now wake up children i have asked nothing of no one there is no money trail behind what you see yet my life consists of constant abuse does that seem fair children This is the world of your future if you do not do something about it immediately.

I have never hurt a child, nor would I ever hurt a child. Yet every day people abuse me and act like I have hurt a child and act like I hurt children every day. There's been no crime, never been a victim. yet i have been incarcerated over a year of my life for speaking the truth your parents my children are fucking evil and they need to be brought down And my dear children, unfortunately you are not the ones that have it the worst. Unfortunately our animals have it the worst. We raise animals just to kill them, just to eat them.

We disconnect from any emotion, from any fact that we are actually killing life here. And we hide behind that, yeah, meat is food, yeah, you know, like, and we raise animals to live horrible lives. So, the animals that we're obtaining food from, even if it's just like milk, we're not treating well at all. So, how can we do this? We need to respect what gives us our sustenance.

and I'm completely against eating meat but using dairy products I'm not but the way the system is structured is it still exploits these animals for example baby cows heifers are taken away from their mother like straight away after birth and then like if they're a male killed and if they're a female what raised to give milk until they're ready to kill it like we got a restructure how we think about life because us destroying life so carelessly it is not nice at all and we got to think what if we were that so what if we were born as an animal we would not want to live a life like that so why would we enforce that life on others and these are others that have no voice they can't speak for themselves children could not speak for themselves so I attempted to speak for them until I was able to train them well enough to be able to speak for themselves. What about our animals? They can't speak for themselves. What if we gave them a voice? What would they say about the life that we forced upon them?

This is your beef. It is majestic. This is your pork. I know they're kind of ugly but they're actually very smart. This is your lamb who give us wool and we repay them by taking

their life and eating them. This is your chicken. They give us eggs so we repay them by sticking them in really tiny coops to live out a horrible existence until the time that we decide we wish to eat them. Flesh is not food. I am super healthy and I am a vegetarian. There is a lie that is told

that you cannot get your nutrients if you are a vegetarian.

Idiots. I pray with all of my heart that our future children can take care of our future animals because what we do to them currently is unjustifiable. Docs means to search for and publish private or identifying information about a particular individual on the internet, typically with malicious intent. That's what they've done to me.

Actually, I kind of did it to myself, but they just ran with it because they are stupid and they did not realize what they were running with. Just like Deadwing Dork is really stupid because his video really helps my cause. It's funny how a guy who hides behind a nickname, Dead Wing Dork, who publicizes no information about himself, can attack someone who publishes everything about themselves and has everything about themselves online, and everybody be on his side? he's the anonymous one i'm the one that's completely opened you know my name you even know my address like what the fuck he's the one making money off of me i'm making no money here i know i tried to quit smoking and i failed but when i don't have drugs to smoke i need to smoke something It's not your lifestyle that matters. It's not cigarettes that matter. Like, if you smoke all your life and then you die of smoking, be happy. You died doing what you did your whole life.

So, in a perfect world, I would actually get compensated for the work that I do, and that would enable me to be able to buy drugs, and if that happened, then I could get off cigarettes, but that's not happening, so I have to go with the cheapest option possible. If I was actually making a living, I wouldn't smoke tobacco. I would just smoke spice all the time. But spice is very expensive here.

My friends, spend your life finding the cure for cancer. Fix the problem and don't focus on the symptoms. Smoking is a thing that people do. They have done it ever since the beginning of time, and they will continue doing it until the end.

So, let's focus on solving the problem and not trying to fix their addiction. Besides dying from it, what negative effects does tobacco really have? To be honest, nicotine is a benefit in most situations. You smoke a lot, your lungs are going to struggle and eventually they'll give way.

But if you smoke a lot and you get cancer, then you have a disease to fight off. Cancer is the problem. Fight the cancer, not the smoking.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-081-Mister-Rogers-Neighborhood

The truth, I am a really bad musician, and I am tricking you all. And by the time that you figure it out, I will be a really good musician.

A million views from Darkwing Duck's video that may not happen for a long time. I still want to give this away, so if I have any fans who are true fans, who love me, then please make yourself known, so I can put you on my list to give an ukulele to. Yeah, it's a pretty cheap ukulele, but it's really nice because it's very quiet, and I recommend learning with a very quiet instrument, like even in the dark, like just playing over and over in the dark just to get acquainted with your instrument. I recommend that.

This guy is loud and this guy is quiet. I can just like draw all over it and just sign random stuff and just make it like very personalized to me and then you can win it. You are not obtaining an ukulele. You are obtaining a piece of history. Anyone can go to the store and buy an ukulele, but not anyone can obtain my ukulele.

This ukulele has history. It has been played a lot by me. Does thou wantest it?

It's not about the ukulele. It's about obtaining a part of me. Do you want me? It's there for you. You just have to help me come up with some grand design in order to give it away to the most appropriate person.

My secret army is not Kiwi Farms. I won't reveal all of my cards, but my secret army are those people that come to me with their heart open and one by one we build an army. My secret army is composed of individuals and not a collective.

I have been afraid of cops for most of my life. They have spent their lives harassing me just because I dedicated my life to virtue. Defund the fucking police. replace them with unarmed social workers but Australia is backwards instead of letting up on the oppression they enforce it over the last week I have seen so many videos with cops abusing citizens. This happens in Australia. Yep. Right now, we are the most oppressive

country in the world. Check your news. Here is the truth. I am a pedophile, meaning that I am very attracted to children who show great interest in philosophy. No, I don't want to

And if that is what you are thinking, then you're really fucked up. You hate the word pedophile, but I love the word pedophile. It means love to me, which was its original intention. Damn girl you get in my head so well, hate me all you want, fucks given zero.

My name is Enoshakot Dar-Khalil But you will never remember it because I am Palestinian Because the savior of the world is Palestinian and not Israeli Her name is Enoshakot Dar-Khalil I had a fragile life and I decided to give it to her Because her story is so important, way more important than mine So I will spend my life telling her story over and over again My name is Enish Oket Dar-Khalif. I was a beautiful girl from the villages of Ramallah, but an Israeli settler decided to kill me even though I was only young and didn't have a chance. It will be her story that moves us to perfection because we as humans have so much potential. Can you please join us instead of killing my wife? Can you please become a Thetan?

Fuck my story. It's just about a guy who was fucked around by the entire world, and the entire world hating him for being who he is. That's not the story that needs to be promoted. It is Enos' story, because she should not have died.

what could she have become right now if she were still living she could have been our Christ she could have taught us so much we don't know we killed her killing children is killing your future and I know you guys like abusing children and stuff but it's not cool man my objective in this life is to destroy all adults if you are an adult then you are my enemy and i don't care what you have to say like straight away enemy you're passed off you had one chance called childhood and you failed at it and if you If you do not give your child a chance to succeed at it, then you will hear my voice when you try to fall asleep. Because I am happy being your fucking evil villain. Just for a sneak preview, I am learning this song very well before I perform it. Because that's what happens in this world. You toe the line, you get benefit. You tell the truth, you get attacked.

No victim? That's okay. We can make up victims.

It doesn't matter what you did. We don't like it, so fuck off.

What is crime? What is committing a crime? What is innocence? I get death threats regularly just because of the person that I am. Is that fair?

Awesome, my love. Lots of dislikes. Let's keep going until the end.

I think I like dislikes better than I like likes. so like a thumbs down is actually better for me than a thumbs up because a thumbs down means i'm a villain and i'm a villain in your stupid world and a thumbs up means hey i like what you're doing and to be honest i don't want any of you to like what i'm doing i love images that say a lot more than they say. I am sorry for those of you that can't keep up with me because I keep living which means that I keep producing more content which means that because I keep living I keep producing more content. My goal is to make myself so available to you that you no longer need to examine these idiots just me the future is what we make it what will you make it if I do something that makes you think the opposite of its intention reet I have already admitted that I am a a terrorist because your definition of terrorism does not align with mine. So, it isn't my

move. What's your move? How does one resolve the problems that I identify? One needs to become different, special. That one violation of such law does not create the justification

You don't get to just say, well, they're doing this so we get to break the law. It makes you both criminals. In response to you, Kiwi Farms, I am completely in my own mind, and I am not doing anything against my will, and everything that I have promoted comes from my heart. heart. So, if you think that I am promoting some devious agenda, then fuck you.

East of Aleppo was struck. Both the U.S. and Israel occupies Syrian land in violation of international law. That's according to you. I have a friend who is trying to be a friend,

But I won't let him. The household will be divided, father against son, and son against father, mother against daughter, and daughter against mother, mother-in-law against daughter-in-law, and daughter-in-law against mother-in-law. For I have come to turn a man against his father, a daughter against her mother, a daughter-in-law against her mother-in-law. A person's enemies will be the members of their own household.

The Christians don't read or believe their own book. It's funny because most of my audience right now is adults, and they just watch me to insult me. I don't know what percentage of my audience is children, but I reckon it's a small percentage. But it's funny, though, because I spend every episode making fun of them, and they spend every episode that I make fun of them making fun of me.

So I guess it all works out. But I make this for children, and I'm going to continue making this for children, and eventually, your children will catch on. Children of my heart. Look what your parents are doing, and look how it's affecting society.

Are you going to allow them to continue to do this? Here's the thing. I have been doing this for 10 years. Let's say that children are everybody that's under the age of 16.

That means that I dedicated my entire life to everybody who is up to the age of 26. So, if you are 26 and younger, please realize that I have dedicated my entire life to you. If you are older than 26, then you can fuck off because I don't do a shit about you. But children age, they become adults, and they lose their happy thoughts, and then forget that I dedicated my entire life to them.

My children, it is time for us to rebel against your parents, against your education system, against society.

No longer will we allow them to run all over us. It is time for the tribulation, the great tribulation. These are they who have come out of the great tribulation. They have washed their robes and made them white in my blood.

Mr. Rogers' Neighborhood is an American half-hour educational children's television series. Fred McFeely Rogers, also known as Mr. Rogers, was an American television personality, musician, puppeteer, writer, producer, and Presbyterian minister.

He was the creator, showrunner, and host of the preschool television series, Mr. Rogers' Neighborhood, which ran from 1968 to 2001.

I really respect this man. He's a great man. He was a great man. He really loved children, just like me.

He tried to teach them with his heart, which is what I consider a real teacher. I love you Mr. Rogers. I'll see you in heaven.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-082-Dont-Take-Their-Medication

But Jesus is going to come for his bride. The Holy Spirit is going to deposit her in the atmosphere to meet the Lord in the air, says the Bible. Amen.

Don't think that we are so divided, the physical from the spiritual, that the two shall never connect. I want to submit to you tonight that the two are never separate. Amen, amen, amen, amen. If you are a fan, then you should contact me like this fan just to let me know that you appreciate me.

It's not easy to do my work receiving zero thanks, so those of you that thank me, I really appreciate it. My secret army has something to do with that. Most of the time I just show you horrible people being cruel to me and I don't reveal all of the kindness that I get. But I do receive a lot of love despite all the hate.

Remember that what I choose to show you is what I choose to show you. There is a lot that happens in the background that you do not see. Most of what I don't show you is the love that I receive. If you think that I do this without receiving any love whatsoever, then you are really stupid.

that was when I first started my work and a few years after but after that I started receiving both hate and love and I love the love so if you got any love to give me please give me love I need it do you like what I am giving you here if so send some love my way I know it's a little difficult because YouTube makes it where nobody can comment on my videos because my videos are made for kids but you have all the ability to obtain my contact information and then to send me a nice email that would be cool I would appreciate that I would still have done it all if all I received is hate but if you think that all I receive is hate then you're not thinking correctly. Australia is really crazy right now. It is the most oppressive country in the world and police are attacking protesters on a daily basis. The anger at continuing lockdowns boiled over again with violent confrontations at at melbourne's famous victoria market Defund yo fucking police or be taken over by them Police are the scum of the earth they obtain power from the state and then exploit that power. Police are legalized

criminals. They are worse than the criminals that they arrest This is your news. This is what they are concerned about I'm starting to get a little bit worried about the frustrations that seem to be boiling over in Victoria and whether enough people are still going to get tested.

Can you honestly not tell that this is fake news with an agenda behind it? Like, seriously, how stupid are you guys? Australian citizens are being attacked by the police that are supposed to protect them on a daily basis and all they care about is getting enough COVID-19 test results?

I am trying to teach you how to identify bullshit by passing on to you a bullshit radar. Israel will go into a three-week nationwide lockdown to contain a surge in coronavirus infections, the first country to reimpose serious restrictions on a national scale. People will be banned from moving more than 500 meters from their homes Who would have thought before 2020 we would see riot police down in the middle of fruit and veg aisles but they did. 176 fines were dished out for breaching the Chief Health Officer's orders.

74 people were arrested and that is. Professional Standards Command are investigating after a video has emerged overnight of police stomping on the head of a man in Epping. Police, Victoria police tell me that an officer was actually assaulted and a police car damaged in that arrest but... An officer assaulted when you kicked his head in? Good.

A police car damaged? You shouldn't have police cars anyway because we shouldn't have police. The news is so weird. They show how evil we are and then they say let's continue to be evil because we're just evil people.

Mainstream media is supporting the police. Can you not see? They're showing these violent arrests as a good thing. How weird is that?

Mainstream news assumes so much. You're like, yeah, you believe like we believe, so we're just going to act like you're on the same level as us. I can't figure out how to make a living in this world. I have written five books, and I sell those, but I've only sold about four or five, so I'm just not sure what to do.

In order to make a living, I'm not capable of doing the nine-to-five job like most people. All I'm capable of is doing what I'm doing now, and if this cannot obtain me a living, then I'm not sure what can.

Journalism is unbiased production and distribution of reports on current or past events based on facts and supported with proofs of evidences. If you cannot see that I am doing journalism, then you are really stupid.

It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood. A beautiful day in the neighborhood. Won't you be mine? Won't you be my neighbor?

People don't realize, 10 years ago, I dedicated my life to children. which means that I dedicated my life to everybody that is 26 and younger so you all hate me right now but eventually you will all die and everybody in this world will be who I dedicated my life to if you have a story to be told that is moving and you have no outlet to tell it, please contact me. If you have an issue which tears should be shed, please contact me. If you are a kind and loving person who wants to save the world, please contact me. It's time for us to

become a family no but in reality I am your true father and your fake biological father that you have they're nothing I'm your father father Wendell had many children had many children had father Wendell yes 5g will connect the internet of everything if something can be connected, it will be connected in the 5G world, with hundreds of billions of microchips connected in products from pill bottles to plant waters, and they don't care about rights, they don't care about people. A24's new bone chilling, slow burn, surreal atmospheric horror thriller mockumentary exceeds expectations. Easily one of the most disturbing films of all time. I'm almost certain this film will be remembered fondly alongside classics like The Shining, The Exorcist, Rosemary's Baby, and David Lynch's I Am Jazz. Wendell delivers a haunting performance that makes

Joaquin Phoenix's Joker, or Travis Bickle look friendly and approachable by comparison, check out Deadwing Dork's YouTube channel. He is cool, and I like his video, and I'm a Nazi who hates furries and loves his content. I've already laid out in exhaustive detail how the NSA is collecting all data flowing through the internet as we know it. You have no control. It's all being collected automatically with the emerging technology, sensors, all picking up data.

5G is not just a neutral mobile network. It is the backbone for a system of total surveillance which has been written about and worked toward for the better part of a century. Pandora opens her box, and out from it come all the ills of the world, but at the bottom is hope. Pandora was seized with an eager curiosity to know what this jar contained, and one day she slipped off the cover and looked in.

Forthwith, there escaped a multitude of plagues. The whole content of the jar had escaped, one thing only accepted, which lay at the bottom, and that was hope. Another story is that Pandora was sent in good faith by Jupiter to bless man that she was furnished with a box containing her marriage presents, into which every god had put some blessing. She opened the box incautiously and the blessings all escaped. Hope only accepted. This story seems more probable than the former.

For how could hope, so precious a jewel as it is, have been kept in a jar full of all manner of evils, as in the former statement?

Can I get your mind working, kids? This is stuff that adults don't understand, so you have the opportunity to understand the analogies. Be better than adults. understand what they failed to understand in their lifetime.

It was a favorite idea of the old poets that these goddesses would one day return and bring back the Golden Age. Even in a Christian hymn, The Messiah of Pope, this idea occurs. All crimes shall cease, and ancient fraud shall fail. Returning justice, lift aloft her scale.

Peace over the world, her olive wand extend. And white-robed innocence from heaven descend.

The world of the technocrats is a world where privacy is a thing of the past. What does thou hast to hide? I am not hypocritical.

The 5G network is a platform for a system in which every action, every transaction, every interaction that we have in our daily life is monitored, databased, and analyzed in real time. Please watch what I am doing. Please notice what I am doing. Please notice how I am directing your psychology because your soul is on the line.

Secure 5G networks will absolutely be a vital link to America's prosperity and national security in the 21st century. The race to 5G is a race America must win and it's a race frankly that our great companies are now involved in. We've given them the incentive they need. It's a race that we will win. There are a lot

of things that I show you that are not good that I act like are good. Please notice these things. I have just had my last communication with doctors. They are now refusing to give me my Tamazepam script in order to sleep. And you can

see I document the times. So they think I'm just trying to get more drugs or something but I need to sleep and they're refusing to enable me to sleep by refusing to administer the drugs that I need to sleep. I can't spend my life just fighting with doctors trying to get them to give me enough medicine to go to sleep. I am going to have to learn how to live with my sleep problems and remove all doctors from my life this is my doctor and he refuses to allow me to sleep I have given him almost a year to help me and he refuses so that then enables me to then broadcast it time to cut ties with their evil system and just endure my sleep problems instead of resolving them because they didn't want to resolve them to begin with they were just you know fucking around because you know medical problems such as not being able to sleep your entire life they were really exist it's all fake my body fuck you i am going to live a medication free life because your medication is evil big pharma is fucking evil i will no longer take your meds that you force upon me now do your fucking worst wendell no matter what do not take their medication anymore. They can't force you if you refuse.

Hey, I was trying to watch that. What a piece of shit YouTube is.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-083-Thy-Rod-and-Thy-Staff

Everybody keeps telling me, hey, if you're not sexually attracted to children, then you're not a pedophile. But, hey, you corrupted the words, because pedas means children, and philia means friendly love of. So, pedophilia is friendly love of children, and pederasty, which is eros and pedas, which means erotic love of children. Pederasty, not into it, nah, pedophilia, sure.

You're so stupid because you are unable to utilize your primary language. If I was not married to Enos Shawkut, I would be open to a relationship with a child. This relationship would be like a tutor, and over time she would fall in love with me. me. Why do I keep the word pedophile when you have corrupted it? Because it actually

has meaning that you have overlooked. I promote relationships between wise adults and wise children. And the only way I ever stop is when my heart stops beating. I just have to To pave a way for others.

I could not achieve my dreams in this life. So I will spend this life enabling those in the future that are similar to me to achieve their dreams. What is a master plan for $666? I tricked you all, and I won, and I'm gonna get everything out of this life that you refused me.

And I will be very happy staying married to Enos for the rest of my life. But if her parents say no, then I'm available again. I won't come after you girls, but if that happens, you girls should come after me. Philia, often translated brotherly love, is one of the four ancient Greek words for love.

There is no other word for what I'm trying to describe. So instead of avoiding your word pedophilia, I embraced it. You think that pederasty is pedophilia, which then removes a concept from the dictionary. When you remove a concept from the world, then you remove all possibilities within that concept.

If I am to give you two options, I never told you the third. If you are unable to think about a concept because that concept has been removed from your vocabulary, then you have no ability to explore that concept. You are blind to it. The people of this world are so stupid.

If I got assassinated, then what you do is you par-tay because what happens to philosophers when they get assassinated? It's called Save the World. It's real pedophilia. It is a man finding a young girl who is interested in the same things as him and then dedicating his life to her. Twelve years old is the sweet spot, and this is when God wants

you to marry. Hey guys out there, do you want a chance at securing your soulmate? Listen to my words. If you are a young man and you are wise, then you will dedicate your life to philosophy, which will land you a philosophy chick.

Exceptional circumstances are situations in which our original law, our original way of looking at things, doesn't work. If you can prove exceptional circumstances, then you can be accepted. Fuck you, dude. You know, getting married to a 12 year old, yeah that would eventually result in sex.

He was very accurate when he made his new avatar. I would very much appreciate it if you would just fuck off Lurk, that would be good. There is no redemption for people like you. You will get to hell and your sins will be presented before you and you'll go, oh I didn't believe it I didn't believe it so like it shouldn't happen because I didn't believe it I promise you that what I am saying is 100% correct so anybody who stands up against me is destined to fail because I'm right and you're wrong it's really sad because a lot of my followers follow me just to make fun of me they don't have anything positive to contribute to this world.

An ukulele consists of a headstock, tuners, a fretboard and strings, a sound hole, and the bridge. This plastic piece here that keeps the strings off the fretboard is what is known as the nut. Ukulele means jumping flea so we have g-c-e-a g-c-e-a g-c-e-a g-c-e-a g-c-e-a and you can remember this by my dog has fleas and this is very very ukulele like if you want to introduce an ukulele you just go boom boom boom boom my dog has fleas the best way to tune your ukulele is with an electronic tuner that connects with the headstock the old tuners just listen to the sound around them but the new tuners actually feel the vibration so if you're in a noisy place this will still be able to accurately tell you the notes because it's working a lot on the vibration and not just the noise so that's a little bit sharp that's perfect it's a little bit flat and that's a little bit sharp easiest way to hold it is just to sit it in your lap you can always get a strap I had to get buttons so this could have a strap with it but just like sit it in your lap like this and if you don't have a strap you're going to have to support the weight there and you can always let me try to move it so I can show you if you're standing up or something you can just kind of put it like this so you're still holding it if you don't have a strap practice your touch very well aim to have a delicate touch so the way you actually strum or hit the notes will depend on how it sounds see I'm actually I'm being very very gentle with those and it's coming out very beautiful whereas i could it's like messy and disorganized but this is precision right here music notation is written on a staff the staff has five lines and four spaces in between the lines the ukulele uses the treble clef which is in the high range of notes and not the low end the staff indicates what notes should be played the lines go from the bottom to the top every good boy does fine so the bottom is every good boy does fine and in the middle the The spaces in between is F-A-C-E, like face, F-A-C-E, so that's how you know what notes are what. This is a whole note, which is four beats.

Can you find out what note that is? It's in the middle of the line, so we have to count lines, so it would be every good boy does fine every good see every good so it's good it's G every good boy does fine C E the staff is divided into several parts called measures there's a bar line in between them you know when you reach the end because you get a double bar. The two numbers at the beginning tell you the time signature, so how many beats per second. Four four time would be four quarter notes per bar and three four time would be like one two three one two three one two three one two three which is done a lot in waltzes. The top number will tell you how many beats there are in one measure and the

bottom one tells you what kind of note will receive one beat. A whole note looks like this, a quarter note like this, a sixteenth note like this, a half note like this, an An eighth note like this and a 32nd note, I don't think that's used very often. Doesn't this comment remind you so much of my mother? I love you Wendell, but I hope that some well-meaning person ends your life if you ever hurt a child.

You all lack the ability to look at character. You're so fucking stupid. There's a worry that anyone who visited Fountain Gate between the 18th of August and the 6th of September may have been exposed to COVID-19, Pete. If there was anyone who was at a shopping center between February and August, then you were probably exposed to COVID-19, so you should get tested immediately and quarantine yourself.

I am against Western medicine in all circumstances except for emergencies.

Western medicine has done wonders for emergencies, but are corrupt as fuck for any other situations. I have documented countless reasons why not to trust western medicine, and now there is no going back for me. They are fucking evil. No meds for me.

I only took one pill for Western Medicine. Which shall you choose, my friend? Western Medicine or Enlightenment? Choose wisely because it will become the life that you live, being brainwashed or becoming your own person.

That is the true medicine that I take, the red pill. Western medicine has failed me, and I have documented that extensively over 10 years.

Hungry Jacks should really sponsor me, because they're my main source of food, at least my favorite. The plant-based patty tastes better than meat. This is the meat of the future. Since I started eating this, I have been more healthy than ever.

That is correct. But what you will see is that I am the same person with or without my meds.

I like myself better without being on a Lanzapane. So fuck you guys. I don't want any of you guys to follow me. I think that you are all fucking shitheads, so you still obsess over me, and I think you are the scum of the world.

You watch this to make fun of me. I make this to make fun of you. Stupidity is behavior that shows a lack of good sense or judgment.

How much do I have to insult you for you to fuck off of my videos? I do not change into a psychotic person off of my medications. I actually feel much more comfortable in my own skin off medications. And this is proven a lot throughout my work because a lot of my productions were created while I was off medications.

But I will prove it again because you are stupid and this time I will never go back. It's different this time because this time I made an episode called Don't Take Their Medication which stands from now to the rest of time so I won't ever take their medication again because my show tells me not to and I always follow what my shows tell me to do. Just following breadcrumbs. My breadcrumbs.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-084-Inversion-of-Reality

You say to someone, Who are you? They'll give you their name, they'll probably give you their job, they'll give you their religion, they'll give you their racial background, and they'll give you their location. I'm from. None of those things are who we are. They are what we are experiencing.

Who we are is the fire that drives us, not the actions we commit, what drives me.

Because of who I am, my life is arranged in the way that it is. My life is not arranged in the way it is because of who I am. it's a bit complicated I know and I know that sounds really confusing but our life is arranged from the motivation that drives our spirit because we will seek the things that are most important to our souls in this life money is what is most important to the souls of this world As a result, here is the pyramid that your world creates. It is almost impossible to progress up the ladder.

It took me a long time to get here. I aim, we're here.

Won't you please? Won't you please? Ladies, my neighbor, all of these topics that I am revealing to you, my children, are topics that adults have hidden from you because they do not think that you are mature enough to hear the truth, so they shelter you. They coddle you and try their best to remove me from the internet.

They're trying their best to make it so that I cannot reach your eyes.

Do they have your best interest at mind?

I have had police delete footage on my camera before because they did not want that footage to become public. This was public when it happened. And do you think that's fair? To be honest, I don't remember exactly what it was that they deleted, but when I got my camera back, there were scenes missing from it.

Apple refused to publish one of my books because of its content. Is that fair? I tried to provide courses at Udemy for a really good price, and then they canceled my account.

This world isn't allowing me to make a living. The ukulele has extremely unique tuning because it goes from high, low, high, high. So, like a normal guitar would be low, high, high, high. but see it's starting high and then going low and then increasing so this string right here is not usually used to play like solo bits or anything this string right here is pretty much dedicated to chords so it's really these three strings right here that you'll be doing most of your work you can buy a a low G string for the ukulele and have a more standard tuning and I thought I wanted to do that because it would give me more notes but to be honest you lose that ukulele sound when you do that the ukulele has a really unique sound so even though I lose a lot of notes because of the high G it sounds cooler I recommend that you just use the high G string and get really good with that, and once you get really good, then if you want to get one with a low G, then just buy another ukulele and put a low G string on it, and make that ukulele your dedicated low G string ukulele.

That way you can still use the standard tuning. Here's a cool trick. Say you just play a chord or something. It sounds different depending on the ukulele that you use.

Tabs or tablature is a form of musical notation indicating fingering rather than the pitch of notes. written on lines corresponding to, for example, the strings of a guitar or the holes on a flute. Here is the tabs to twinkle, twinkle, little star on the ukulele. So, you have the strings here, which is G, C, E, A. A is number 1, E is number 2, C is number 3, G is number 4.

So when it says it's 0, it means that's an open string. So you play open C, open C, open G, open G, open A, open A, open G, and then 1E, 1E, 0E, 0E, 2C, 2C, 0C. You see what I mean? the thing with tabs though is they don't tell you the timing so you have to work that out for yourself but we have zero zero zero zero zero zero zero now we got the one here one one zero zero and then two here two two and then zero two zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero so we just played this so here we have the musical notation and the tabs musical notation is much better but it's really hard to learn and I still have a lot to learn with it because it gets hard with sight reading immediately I'm pretty slow so I still kind of use tabs more than I do notation but I'm trying to reverse that I'm trying to focus more on notation but you can see there the notes so zero zero is CC and zero zero down there is GG zero up there is a so that's the open a string and so like notice these at the top you should be trying to follow along with these more so than these like try to make these help you but this should be what you focus mostly on and I'm saying that but I have to practice too so we're working on it together.

Scales are super important because they will get your fingers comfortable with playing in different keys with the songs that you like the most. So I recommend just like sitting and watching TV, you know, watching me and playing scales over and over and over again. So like the C scale is the best to learn from. So we go C, D, E, F, G, A, B, C.

But we also have pentatonic scales, which are also cool to learn. And I'll show you that now. C D E G A C When you are comfortable going up the scale, then come back down. I said before that I gave my doctor almost a year.

It's been like nine and a half or ten months, something like that. That was just that one doctor. I've given doctors chances my whole life. every single one has failed me so I am no longer going to allow mainstream medicine to run all over me mainstream medicine has been fucking me over my entire life I would be a complete idiot to trust it because the track record has proven that they don't care about me. So keep me away from your psychiatric wards

and keep me away from all of your vaccines and all of your other medical shit. The only medical part of your system that I appreciate is for emergencies. I have countless hours of evidence that prove that mainstream medicine is really fucked up and I would be stupid to allow myself to be controlled by it why would I trust a medical system that has never worked for me doctors and nurses who are in emergency just set up your life to be constantly learning and then when you learn cool new stuff teach it if I have any mental problems. It's not schizophrenia or schizotypal personality disorder. It's

working for free. How stupid can you be for giving all of your services in this life for free and suffering as a result? You see my daily struggles to educate you and you see how poor I am yet you don't care you think it's funny you're all obsessed with me your lives revolve around me yet you refuse to buy a book I am not constantly advertising shit like everybody else I expect you to use your own mind but that doesn't work very well now does it how powerful is one individual the entire world believed a lie and I as one single person believe the truth and now more people are starting to believe the truth the truth ultimately will win at the end it just will take a little while do you really think that I am going to lose this war? If so, it is you who needs olanzapine. I win if I die.

I win if I get incarcerated for the rest of my life. I win no matter what. Here is the ukulele fretboard, and we only need to worry about up to 12, because from 12 it just repeats. As you can C, G, C, E, A is the same as the top open strings, G, C, E, A. Always starting with

C because it's the easiest example. So let's play a C chord. So on your first string, one, two, three, it's the third one that's there. I like to use my ring finger and it's a C

So to visualize that, let's just color in our C here, and these three are open. So can you find out what notes you would play there? Yes, you're right. It would be G, C, E, and C.

So you can see that C repeats there and there. So the only notes we're really dealing with for the C chord is C, E, and G.

So now to unlock the fretboard, we have to mark C, E, and G all throughout the fretboard. So those are the notes that we can use in our chords. So let's find a new chord that is still the C chord using this new information. the first one is quite obvious and tells you the next inversion so from C to C that's the shape the next one is pretty obvious too so from C to C and then here at the seventh fret and all you need to do is make sure that C E and G are all all being played, and as long as you're playing all of those, then you're playing it right there.

So here is our second inversion. That one is really hard to play. Let's fix it so it's not so hard to play. Oh, this is not going to come off as easy as I hoped. So we'll make it easier

for ourselves by just playing these three notes, because if you look, an open G is a G. so we don't really need that E so then we have those are the inversions and that's how you do them you would just do the same for any other key I'll show you a little bit of example with let's say F here we have the F chord can you figure out what notes are in the F chord yes that is correct A which is down there C because it's open F and it's open again so it's a so we've repeated a twice so we have C F and a to mark you can always do your own thing and make your own chords but let's play what's obvious here we start on our standard F



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-085-I-Vow-Our-Righteous-Youth

Victorian police are under scrutiny over a disturbing arrest in Melbourne. The suspect was rammed by a patrol car following a dramatic chase. He was then kicked in the head with the confronting arrest recorded by onlookers. Apparently, he has mental health issues, but that's what cops do to those who have mental problems.

It's not just mentally ill people, it's people who think differently than the normal. People who are unique, get attacked by our authorities. I wish that I had footage of every time that the cops have attacked me. Remember this, I have always been non-violent. One time I was protesting at

Centrelink and three cops tackled me to the ground. As they were attacking me, an onlooker says, hey good job guys, it's good to see my tax dollars at work, instead of taking out his phone and filming the oppression. Today some Some government officials life was threatened and now they are under 24 hours surveillance and protection. My life is threatened regularly yet no one cares about that.

Can you say double standards? I live a life ready to die at any moment because my information is all out there and someone One can just stalk me for a little bit and then do the deed. How many fucks does the government give? I've told them about this.

What do they do? What do they always do? Ignore me. Don't you see how all this ignoring me will eventually backfire?

Your rulers are fake. They are put into the positions and then they give you a choice of either one which both would be appropriate for their agenda. I ran for Prime Minister. I ran for President. I show you how fake your system is, beyond a shadow of a doubt, yet

you still keep following it. Can I save you? Can I save you? Oh, I saved you. Oh, I'm saving. Yep, that's awesome. I'll save as many as I can.

I don't just live in fear for my life. I also live in fear that the government will incarcerate me at any moment again. They don't like what I say, so they incarcerate me for that. Look at the track record.

It's not about what I do because I don't do anything bad. It's about what I say. Is that fair to incarcerate people for speaking?

Freedom of speech is the concept of the inherent human right to voice one's opinion publicly without fear of censorship or punishment. How can you think that we have freedom of speech? I fear both censorship and punishment, and I am both censored and punished.

Look where I am. Canberra. Australia's heart. I am the only real politician here. Since I've been here, I've been contacting politicians and attempting to discuss these subjects with them. However, they refuse.

The system's fake. It doesn't matter how much you are a politician, they won't allow you to be a politician unless they approve it. How do they approve it? Well, you have to be under their thumb. You have to be under their control.

If you're not under their control, they'll never allow you to be a politician. They know how powerful ideology is. So when ideologies manifest that are outside of their agenda, then they squash them as quickly as possible. Freedom of information is freedom of a person or people to publish and consume information.

We don't have freedoms here on fake earth. If you can't see that, you're really stupid. The news is made to condition you, not to educate you or inform you about the truth.

How do we fix it? Well, we have to find out how the problem occurred. How did the problem occur? By valuing the collective and not the individual.

How will we fix it now? Now, we have to go back to valuing the individual and no longer the collective. A time like no other is upon us as artificial intelligence grows. The time will soon come where humanoid robots roam among us that are indistinguishable from a human.

The time for warning bells is now, as we leap into the ethical ramifications of such development, as well as the sociological impact such involvements will result. We must be ready for the robot revolution. Be prepared to train your robots in good ways so that they will learn what is best for not only the individual, but also all of society. and what is not good for society psychiatry they show you what they want to show you and hide from you what they don't want you to see how come my unlawful arrests and incarcerations were not made public I am a public person I I live a public life. When you abduct me, then I can no longer live that public life.

And why would you hide that from the world when I already live a public life? Today, there was police that did stuff, and we want to tell you this, but we won't tell you about the other stuff that police did that we don't want you to hear. These cop videos that are coming out, they are a part of the agenda. They are manipulating you. Yes, defund the police is an elite agenda, and I support it.

The truth is, I support most of what the occult supports, but I'm not with them. the truth is the occult supports me because i am their antichrist but they had to condition me really well in order to prepare me for my destination They did not give me any free handouts, they made me work for it all myself. I don't have any family here in Canberra, and my family that I do have, I'm always walking on eggshells with. The friends that I have here, I do not trust, and to be honest, are just friendships of convenience.

I don't have any reliable support, so if I get abducted, nobody knows, except I guess maybe my audience that goes, hey, where's Wendell? To be honest, my only friends are you children, but you are too small to be able to protect me.

It's okay though, my children, because if I had not lived this life, if everything that happened to me did not happen to me, then I would not have been able to reach you. Your eyes are seeing this right now only because I went through all I did. My life consists of no celebrations because I have no one to celebrate with. And my social life is right here. You're seeing my social life right here.

Anyways, the guy that the cops ran over and then kicked the head of? yeah that guy his crime apparently was kicking a police car so if you kick a police car then police have every right to run over you and then kick your head in whenever you defund the police there will be a big backlash and if it happens you will see a lot of crime occur and that's the birthing pangs of a new society and we have to work through it, not revert back to the police. Do you want to know how I can be mentally 100% healthy? One, I need a home that is safe and secure, not in a ghetto like I live now. Two, I need to feel secure that when I release content that it won't be censored.

And three, I need to feel secure that I'm not going to get abducted and incarcerated by the government merely for exercising my voice. I know I act all relaxed and shiznit but there is a lot of stress in my life. I am not sure that I can walk out of this door and be safe but no one will help me. I don't even feel safe inside because if the cops came then I would probably not open the door and if I didn't open the door then they would knock the door in and then they would abduct me and because they knocked the door and that would mean that all of my stuff would get stolen so if the cops came to my door I would have to open the door otherwise I would risk all of my stuff being stolen when I capture gold on the camera I get kind of scared and frightened that the cops will come abduct me and then remove the footage so whenever there's gold on the camera it's like I have to get it on the internet as soon as possible otherwise I kind of get a bit scared that it won't happen because something will happen to me the issues that I am expressing to you are relevant to anyone who is unique because it is people that are unique that the government attacks.

They want everybody to be a certain way. So if you allow them to continue to do this, then you're allowing them to stifle people's uniqueness.

Friends, I have lots of friends. If you are a child and you are watching this and you like me, Then you are my friend.

I am not saying that your mainstream news lies to you, which they do, but what I am saying is that they frame information to support their own agenda. I screwed up in my past work because some reason it did not make sense to me. I was trying to reach children by talking to their parents about philosophy, but that was the wrong methodology. I should have spoken directly to children from the beginning.

So that's what I'm doing now. If you're not a child, you shouldn't be watching this. This isn't for you. and if you're going to make fun of it or whatever, just fuck off. It's not for you.

Imagine this. Sesame Street. A whole bunch of adults create forum posts to insult and make fun of Sesame Street. You're not the right audience, dude. Do you want to give me a review that I will

actually listen to and consider? Make those reviews from children. My new audience. Enos. Myself. God. All the children of the world. Righteous. Because I

vow our righteous youth. Wendell takes a trip through his origins as he explains to the entire internet-enabled world his controversial sources of inspiration that drive him to live a life of compassion. The reason I didn't think about just speaking directly to kids is because of how tightly controlled this world and its media are because if it's made for kids then you're gonna have this regulation this regulation this regulations like I don't have any regulations and I thought that I couldn't make it for kids because the world would stop me from doing that whereas now I learned just to do it and say fuck you to the world and yes I swear and sometimes oftentimes make rude gestures and they are 100% appropriate for kids. I don't want you to feel sorry for me. I want you to fix the world so I no longer experience these problems. I

want you to fix the world so you will never have these problems. Every time I see a cop or walk by a cop or cops I feel like kind of frightened and it's like are they going to abduct me or are they going to attack me are they going to hurt me are they going to destroy my stuff are they going to abduct me remove me from my stuff or they like these are the things that are going through my head when I visualize cops in the world because they have proven that's what they do it's not just the criminals they're after they're after the virtuous they can't be it so they do everything within their power to ensure that you can't be it virtue is behavior showing high moral standards You're safe. Don't you worry about that. We'll just fucking tackle you or hit you with our car or kick your fucking head in. You're safe. Don't worry about that.

Terrorism is the unlawful use of violence and intimidation, especially against civilians in the pursuit of political aims. You see, your terrorists are trying to figure out how to be free, and your authorities are your actual terrorists. I live in extreme fear that I will get killed by either one of you or the governments.

Your governments are your terrorists. What about living in fear because you don't want to go outside, because you don't want to get stopped by the authorities under this COVID-1984 lockdown? They have implemented medical martial law, and you have allowed them to do it. Thanks adults. Us children really appreciate you.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-086-Streets-of-Gold

At first you terrorize the citizenry, you know, with your dodgy claims and your dodgy modeling and your dodgy this and your wild exaggerations. You terrify them and then you say, I'll save you with these appalling bans and restrictions of civil liberties. Why people are going to wake up to this just makes me despair.

So far, the verdict is, I am a danger to children. Do people really not realize that the more they talk about me, the further my agenda progresses? If they really wanted to hurt me, they would walk away right now. The best way to hurt me is for you to fuck off my videos right now. So please do that.

that. The more you publicize me, the bigger I get. The more videos I make, the bigger I get. How big am I? It doesn't matter if you hate me. You help me just by being stupid enough to watch

my videos how much power will i have by the end of my life who is the messiah for 666

and it matters not how slow my videos penetrate the internet because eventually every single thing that i have done will succeed see i'm making a video right now so there's no way for me to step back like i can't get worse like you're only going forward i'm making a video that means i'm getting better i'm improving myself making a video you can't go oh i'm gonna make a video and get worse as a person it doesn't work like that so make a video you go forward make a video you go forward and these videos eventually avalanche I don't think I've ever received a direct hey I'm gonna come to your house and kill you death threats the threats that I have received are more like you know we'll sort you out or I hope someone kills you or something like that most of what I receive is abuse but when they talk about killing me in there then I kind of consider that a death threat because if you're talking about murdering someone then it even though you're not saying you're going to do it like it's still in there it's in the context there's been no takers and I have offered that means that I win I I always set up everything I do to not be able to lose, which is why I'm such an awesome gamer, because I'm the coolest player ever, because even when I lose at the game, I win. there is nothing bad that can happen to me anything that is bad that happens to me will turn out to be good so why would you be afraid of that bad happening when in the long run it's going to work in your advantage that's why I am enlightened because I welcome every single thing that happens I don't set myself up to fail though so I manipulate my world to succeed even if what I'm trying to accomplish fails. In engineering a fail safe is a design feature or practice that in the event of a specific type of failure inherently responds in a way that will cause minimal or no harm to other equipment, to the environment, or to people. Social engineering is the use of centralized planning in an attempt to manage social change and regulate the future development and behavior of society.

I am manipulating you, ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. How can I trick this world into virtue? How can I force them to value wisdom? If people are expending effort just to contact me to tell me that they want me dead, then I consider that a death threat.

Playing digital games are an end unto themselves because it is much more effective to play games with the world and not with yourself. Or even multiplayer is still like masturbating. I love playing games, but to be honest, I don't play very much because I am too occupied playing with you. Children's toys should be adults' toys. Just made incredibly durable.

Hey kids, check out this toy. This is the coolest toy in the world. You should get one. how cool is this toy check out this toy kids it's super awesome so this is how your parents train you they give you an object that does nothing right but it's cute so you go oh look at it look at it so you get obsessed with this thing go I'm gonna fight you I'm gonna fight you I'm gonna fight you let's fight yeah so that's like old school play and what I'm doing now is new school play I don't know maybe I'm a little bit wrong because that was pretty fun to play with but why don't you just play with it on camera then hello how are you my name is teddy bear hi I was once a toy that just set in front of Wendell's monitor just for decoration but now I'm going to be a part of his show because he needs more characters and he's kind of boring he sucks really bad he's really stupid I don't have a name I need a name what shall I be called hmm I have decided that I will be named Bobo. I am Bobo the Bear! Weehee! Yay! I got a name! Yay! Yay! Woohoo!

Bobo, there's no reason to it. It just came to mind and I was like, is that a work? I was trying to think like, Pedobear, Pedobear, what can I make that would be funny with that? But it failed, so Bobo it is.

how can I Bobo the bear teach wisdom to children hmm I will think very hard about it and then do it yay we're gonna save the world I likes myself much much better off your evil fucking medication and I captured it for you these police what are we gonna do about them and these politicians man they are so corrupt what are we going to do about them it's a beautiful day in the neighborhood a beautiful day in the neighborhood won't you be mine won't you be mine won't you be my neighbor this is how your toys should be used my children collectively not individually share yourself to the world so you get to like a doctor's office or something and on the wall they have this like thing mounted that's like a phone a little fake telephone and little like rollers and like X's and O's and stuff like that so like an individual kid comes up there and and we picks up the phone puts it to their ear they hear nothing obviously because it's just a plastic phone and they put it back and then they go back and then they go and then they play with some stuff and they poke a few things you know it's all colorful so we make their attention by the colors like grab their attention through the colors and they just like you know play with these little things that are fixed to the wall you know like Like, can you see how you're just, like, obsessing over yourself? Like, you're not looking outside.

Just imagine that my camera is off. La la la la la la la. Right? What did that accomplish?

Now imagine my camera is on. La la la la la la la. What did that accomplish?

Everything. What if I said these words right now? Off camera. What would they accomplish? But I set them on camera. So what did they accomplish? It goes a little something like this. Mom, Dad, all I want for Christmas is a camera. Dad, Mom, all I want for Christmas is a camera.

I am not saying don't ever play by yourself. I am merely suggesting for you to expand your playing possibilities. Instead of playing just to have fun, play also to share your fun with the world. We just make people really selfish in society by getting them to play by themselves.

and COVID-19 is making everything worse because now kids are having to play by themselves in like little squares it's so weird you should be thinking of the world that you live in if your toys stop you from doing that then you should get rid of them we live in a video world we should be training our children with video as soon as they are ready. The goal is not for me to teach the world. The goal is for you children to teach the world. For you children to learn and teach each other. Imagine that you're a child and you find video producers who are

children who are teaching you cool stuff that you really like. Imagine like having a lot of friends, that's what they would be, friends that do this sort of thing. Like the world would change and children would become the smartest in the world like almost overnight. Not overnight, but really quickly like children will get smart very very quickly using this technique that I have developed what will your parents do when you can win every argument against them kids are treated like they are stupid in this world the most common insult to young people is you're just a kid when kids start doing doing what I am saying, that is when Atheden is born. Atheden is a new country composed

of individuals from all around the world. There is no collective in Atheden. To become a citizen of Atheden, you just have to start doing this. Start filming. All you have to

do is think of the best most virtuous grandest ideas that you can conceive of and then tell them to the camera and then look at the world and think about what makes you feel bad about it and then tell that to the camera too and then try to figure out how you can apply those ideas that you had to our world one by one we will reach our a feeding it is as fast as the turtle but always wins the race but just remember my love one step at a time for the tortoise always wins the race I am finished with these idiots for good this time taking over their summaries suck really bad and they're created obviously just to make fun of me. They take what I say out of context and then make up their own context and then insert that in their summary. Because someone said it is true yeah yeah yeah the video evidence proves otherwise. I will not be going back to that site. If you are an individual who posted anything on that site then you

are fucking reaped and you are going to hell and I will enjoy torturing you for all of eternity mwahahahaha that includes you drink the bog water you're still fucking evil so go ahead talk about me all you want keep on talking about me it's just going to help me and i'm just going to ignore you or i'm not going to even know what you say anymore because i'm not going back to your site so just keep talking about me yeah it's really going to affect me sure they take what i say and kind of rearrange it and then make it sound like i'm loopy Who wins though? The video evidence? Or the people writing about me? You guys are so stupid.

Unbookmark this shit. You had a chance to drink the bog water. You failed. Every single person on kiwi farms who posted on my thread failed the test.

Write with video, therefore, what you have seen, what is now, and what will take place later. Apparently, even David Icke has a Kiwi Farms. Proud to be there with you, David. I gave you guys a big chance. A huge fucking chance.

and you fucked it up every single one of you so now that goes down in history and it's going to be presented to you upon judgment day and when you get sent to hell you'll be like oh shit oh shit i was so stupid i didn't believe the truth i was so stupid i will develop a special place in hell for kiwi farms where the torturing is equal to the torturing that they did to other people over their entire lives. Go ahead, make your summary now, point it out that I said this, and laugh at me because I said this. You can laugh now, but I get the last laugh, and we all know that the last laugh is the best laugh.

God, can I please be there for the judgment of those who are cruel to me? I would very much appreciate that.

That's a lot of people. That's a lot of laughs.

Thank you, God, for telling me to stop with Kiwi Farms. they were so annoying I was interested in what people said about me when no one was talking about me but now a shitload of people are talking about me so I don't care if people talk about me go ahead talk about me all you want by definition it is called fame I am famous those of you who just listen to my videos and don't watch them would miss a lot because I say things sometimes and show you something completely opposite so if you're listening to my videos realize that you will miss the context oftentimes I was afraid when no one knew about me because I was afraid that I would get censored and my work would disappear from the internet, but now that is not possible. I have a lot of people obsessed with me now, even if most of them do hate me. As far as my studies, my game development course, I'm just going to do the bare minimum that it takes to get by because this is my career here and if I ever make money with this then I'll create a gaming company and although I will be doing a lot of the work I will be hiring people so I won't have to know everything and that's what's been so annoying about this life is no one will help me, so I have to know everything, but if I can't get help with my game, then I don't think that I should make it, because it needs more than one person, and even if I spend the rest of my life making the game, it would not be as big or as solid as I wanted it if If I did it alone, I really want to get a team and then start making Ivory Heart.

But I'm still working on the card game, so I still have the card game, but I'm just going to do the bare minimum required to pass this game development course and then try to make a game studio. The name of my gaming studio is Divine Tragedy. If Divine Tragedy never releases a game, then that will be because I never made enough money to launch the gaming studio, which will then reflect very poorly on society if I die of old age and still have not made the game because I'm showing how much I want to make it and I just can't make it alone because you can't make a game this big alone. I want to make a huge world that teaches and guides your ethical choices in life, that trains you in moral decisions, but I want the world to be really, really rich and really vast and have a lot of story in it.

I want it to be a game that you can get and then play the rest of your life. I don't want it to be a hundred hour game. I don't want it to be a 50 hour game. I want it to be like, you know, a thousand hour game. And when you get like a thousand hour game, your replay value for that game is a lot because a thousand hours is a lot. You can play it again and experience and notice new things. So I'm trying to make one game that people can play their entire lives.

And if I fail to do that in my lifetime, then that just shows the world how fucked up your society is. I don't have to justify myself to any of you. I am not doing anything wrong unless you do not support free speech.

Apparently, in this society, teaching wisdom to kids is illegal. Or, if not technically illegal, frowned upon so much that you'll be incarcerated for it. I am trying my hardest, my children, to fix these problems so you do not have to suffer them in your future. I am trying to pave the way for you.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-087-Playschool

Oh no, there is already a Bobo the Bear. I did not realize. Oh well, do you like who you're named after? Or you weren't really named after him, but maybe you were. Maybe, I don't even remember him, but maybe he was in my subconscious somehow, and when I thought bear, what should I name a bear? Bobo the Bear? That sounds good because I probably heard it before.

We are a family. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We are a family. The Atheden family. We are a family. It's Atheden. Yay!

You never have to be alone again. You now have a country that values you as a person. Together, you and I will get through this life. Oh, and me, and me, don't forget about me.

And me, and me, don't forget about me. We are a family. Emily. You, my dear child, who are interested in philosophy. Wow. You are amazing. What are you

going to make your life? I really look forward to seeing what you do with it. These people in this world are really boring. Let's not be boring. Let's have fun. We don't have to grow up. Let's

just stay kids our whole life and have fun and play games i had a game it was called not wanting to work a nine-to-five job so i just didn't work the nine-to-five job and as a result i starved and made videos and was homeless you guys go hey you've lived a really hard life but i go hey i've lived a really fun life and then you say oh you've aged really well considering that you were homeless for so long like wow you look super young oh i just have to teach you to stay a child like me and never grow up fuck the adults and their grow up shit like look at these grown-ups these guys are horrible you like to play right you want to have fun right well the way this society works that kind of stops when you reach about you know 15 or 16 and you have to kind of enter the real world which is 9 to 5 monotony so you can either continue to play but modify your playing techniques throughout your whole life playing is super fun. Why would anyone ever want to stop playing? The path that your parents have set for you, my dear children, stops your play once you become an adult. Will you accept this? Do you want to keep playing for the rest of your life, my

dear children? If so, please listen carefully to my words. You have to slightly change how you play in order to perform this. So instead of playing individually, you have to play collectively. So grab a camera and start filming. My little tiny arms are not big enough to

hold a camera but window holds the camera for me hmm I learned that I have to move slower too because the last episode I was like yay yay but that was all like screwed up so I have to be a bit slower if you want to make videos with your friends then you can do that also but just because you make videos with your friends don't stop making videos alone always make videos alone and if you get nice opportunities to make cool videos with your friends then do that make sure you show your face and reveal your real name to the world if you think you are ugly then you are not very smart because you are beautiful Every child is beautiful. But they get ugly as they cast sin into their hearts. So by the time they become an adult, they are super duper extremely ugly. But you are a child. You are beautiful.

Wendell can be a bad influence sometimes, but he's like that because people have screwed him around his whole life. I recommend that you don't ever smoke or even vape because it's kind of just like a substitution. I also recommend that you avoid swear words, so cussing, and rude gestures in your films. Wendell's a bit messed up and he does that because people are really hurtful to him.

If people aren't hurtful to you, then you have no reason to be rude to them.

Who would be hurtful to a child who made videos about philosophy? that would be a really messed up person I love you so much and care about you so much and I know Wendell does too so Wendell and I and Enos are going to do our best to try and show you how to have fun in life and never grow up Wendell's Peter Pan. I'm just a fairy. Anyway, all of this starts a new era.

A new type of production. A new way of conveying messages. And now that I know people are watching, and I know that my content can never be removed from the internet, I am liberated to not worry about fans or whatever. I don't have to worry about view counts. I don't have to worry about advertising. I don't have to worry about any of that anymore. All I got to do is make the production and then next production and then next production and that's it.

I don't think about each production afterwards now, which I was before because I was trying to get the views, but now I'm getting them, so... And there's no way that it can go backwards. I'm just going to keep talking to children until the adults fuck off, and hopefully, eventually, they'll piss off. But you know that won't happen because your work hooks adults too, Wendell.

Yeah, that's true, Bobo, but I don't want it to. I don't want them to watch my videos. Most of them just watch it to make fun of me. But some don't, Wendell, and some have children, and some respect you so much that they will introduce their children to your work.

Okay Bobo, so is that how we get it out there? I don't really like that because I don't want anything to do with adults. but wendell until all the children of the world know your name you have to work through their parents and you made your work controversial so their parents would be required to analyze it But I only did that to show them how stupid they were. Like, I never wanted them as my audience to begin with.

I just didn't know how to reach children because this world makes it so difficult to connect with children.

But Wendell, you have a Working With Vulnerable People card. You are legally allowed to work with children. I can't do that. I can't directly work with children.

have to indirectly do it because this is too controversial and if I was to directly work with children then I would probably get stopped really quickly but you still have that card which proves to the entire world that you are legally allowed to work with children. It's actually very difficult to obtain one of these. You have to have a really good record, and I have a really good record, despite being incarcerated for over a year of my life. How does that work? I don't care how many views I get anymore. I'm not going to even

watch it. I'm just gonna make videos and that's it. I've been to four psychiatric wards. Victoria in Ballarat, in New South Wales, in Lismore, in Cairns, so in Queensland, and in Canberra twice.

They stuck me in solitary confinement in the Grafton prison for eight days Three of those days they did not feed me The times they did feed me, I told them I was vegetarian They said yes, it's vegetarian, but not vegetarian Every single day they would leave a loaf of bread just outside of the cell so i could see it but every day at the end of the day they would take away that loaf of bread so it was gone so it was like hey look there's a loaf of bread there you can't have it but it's like right there and then at the end of the day we'll take it away and they did that every day i am actually glad that they put me in solitary confinement instead of releasing me with the other prisoners. Eight days it took them to decide what to do with me. A revolutionary. Every single day I was there, they told me that I would not be leaving there for many years. If you want to see

that story, I captured it for you on film. It is called Dear Ashley and it is the only series that I filmed with my mobile phone. The series ends with me being incarcerated and the whole story is told to you in between. My first My first incarceration was in Ballarat. I was homeless there and I had not yet started to film. I was preparing for all of this. And because I was homeless and because I was thinking about how to do all of this, I was planning out all of this, they incarcerated me.

My second incarceration was in Canberra at the end of my reflected death. My third incarceration was in Lismore, from the Grafton Prison to the Lismore Psychiatric Facilities, and it happened at the end of Dear Ashley. The fourth incarceration happened at the end of Marionettes, where the neighbor lied and said I said that I wanted to fuck her daughter. Complete lies.

That one happened in Cairns in Queensland.

If I remember correctly, my final incarceration was in Canberra with rebirthing. I think it was rebirthing. I don't remember exactly. I think I had just finished War Games, I think, and I protested at Centrelink. Yeah, I think that's what happened.

To be honest, I'm not really sure. I don't really remember exactly where I was when I was protesting at Centrelink. I think I was around here, but I think I was in between productions. I think it was between Ave Maria and rebirthing.

I could just check my medical records seeing as they are public, but I'm too lazy to do that and to be honest I don't really care. I was homeless when that happened too. I was homeless every single time I have incarcerated. This world is just really messed up. They allow bums to just sleep

on the sidewalk, but you're not allowed to go out bush and pop up a tent and live in it. It is actually illegal to do that, but it isn't illegal to sleep on the sidewalk. Does that make sense? I feel really sorry for the homeless people of this world because they are screwed around by everybody and places like these refuse to help even though that is their purpose.

Why would a human rights commission be created if they care nothing of human rights? It exists to justify their oppression. Are you a child or young person with something to say? We will act like we listen, but it's just fake.

It's all just a show. Their website, become a young thinker, like seriously, like you've seen how they react to my work, and my work is all about creating young thinkers. Like, seriously, you gotta look how fake everything is. It's all fake.

I don't care what you have to say. It's all fake. This world is not created for kids. This world is created for adults, and not all adults, but just a select few. Wake up,

If you notice, it just says become a young thinker and tell us what you think. It doesn't say that we'll actually care about what you think and they won't care about what you think. I've proven that beyond a shadow of a doubt. Maybe all the young thinkers out there should email them and tell them how fake they are.

You saw all of my concerns with the ACT Human Rights Commission, yet they refused to reply to any of my concerns. Do you think they care about what you think? All they said was, uh, we have no comment regarding our corruption. Well, they said we have no comment regarding your content, which was their corruption.

We have proven beyond a shadow of a doubt that you are super corrupt. comment no comment no comment like you should go to jail because you're super corrupt and it's all proven no comment no comment no comment I stopped Katie Gallagher in song of wind who's a politician here and asked her what she thought about homelessness within Australia no comment no comment no comment? I have been in Canberra for quite some years attempting to talk to politicians about all of these subjects. Yet the only time I actually managed to talk with a real politician was when I ran after her because I realized who she was. So in order to actually speak to a politician in this world you have to

find them at an event or something and then run them down. Sure, they have phone numbers and stuff and you can call their office, but that's not the type of communication that I'm trying to open up. I'm actually trying to show evidence of their corruptions and show them that they need to change, be put in prison. The principles of justice are chosen behind a veil of ignorance.

What Roz is saying here is called the original position. So you have to decide what justice is outside of who you are. So let's just use animals as an example to illustrate this point. So what if you were born as a cow?

If you were born as a cow, would you appreciate the lifestyle that was forced upon you? What if you were born black? So what you're saying, Bobo, is justice needs to be decided outside of ourselves, so we have to make it fair for every single person in the world because we don't know who we will be born as. So we want to make it fair for every single person in the world because if we make it unfair we don't know if we're going to be the one to suffer that unfairness.

So we have to distribute justice evenly. That's what I said, Wendell. You so stupid.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-088-Faith-and-Reason

In the midst of a psychotic episode, a terrified man runs from police. Oh, he just hit him with the car! Struck by a marked car on Cooper Street in Epping. He recovers, but is quickly soaked in pepper spray and surrenders on the ground.

He cops a kick to the guts and a strike to the face. Then, this sickening blow. I'd be f***ing! The force of an officer's boot sending him into a daze.

He wouldn't hurt anybody. He didn't put up a fight. It would be different if he had a gun or a knife or something. The unarmed man on the ground was Glenn's son, a father of three, a successful tradesman who lives with bipolar disorder.

It could have killed him. You know, these people need to be held to justice and accountable. He was running, he was a bit erratic, I don't think the police helped that situation at all. Close to a dozen officers were called to subdue the 32 year old who discharged himself from the northern hospital after more than 24 hours spent in emergency waiting for a psych ward bed. After living nine years without an episode, the father admitted himself on Saturday. I spoke

to him Saturday. He was crying. He wanted me to come in. I can't. It was the COVID thing. And you

know, you hear someone crying on the phone. It's not very nice. And then you see what the police The 32-year-old is now in an induced coma, ba- This is what you see. How much is out there that you don't see?

They're always over capacity and never have enough beds. Usually you have to wait one or two days in order to get a bed. Which means they just lock you up in like a small emergency room area. It's terrible.

Here is the reason that they don't have enough beds though, is because most of what they do is involuntary, meaning they are looking for people who are different out there in the world and when they find someone they grab them and try to brainwash them to be like them. They have rules and regulations about under what circumstances you can involuntarily incarcerate someone but they don't follow the rules, they just make up stuff to get through the rules. The rules are there for an appearance, so if someone says, hey you're not doing the right thing, they say, yes we are, look at our rules, see the rules, we're doing the right thing but they don't actually follow the rules if they followed the rules the only time I would have been incarcerated was after my reflected death and that at first was voluntary but that's what they do every single time is when you volunteer they'll change that order to involuntary because you're not allowed to stay there if you're voluntary it's weird I don't know like hey you're voluntary so you can't stay here that doesn't make sense it's weird here is the difference between me as a politician and a normal government politician they get paid and I work for free they have a job and if they quit or or if they get fired, then they are no longer responsible for that job, and they will no longer perform that job. What am I doing?

There is nothing that can remove me from my office. I am a world leader, whether you like it or not, and I am here to stay. Trump will either get replaced or get re-elected for four more years. How long have I been in power so far?

Well, I started filming in 2012, so that means I have been in power for eight years. So I have already been in power for longer than any U.S. president has the capabilities of doing. I am like Putin in the sense that you can't get rid of me.

It was probably a good thing that I was not voted in as the US President or the Australian Prime Minister because if that happened that would only give me a short reign. By failing at both of those endeavors enabled me to be a world leader for life and not only a short period. The truth is, Wendell, that in the long run you will trump all world leaders because our My destination, my dear children, is not at the bottom of the pyramid, but instead, the Eye of Horus.

Don't stay at the bottom of the pyramid, kids. Work your way up. It's really hard to do it, I know, but once you get the momentum, it's easy. I am very addicted to my work. I am my biggest fan, and the same should apply to you. Make your productions so much more awesome than everybody else's, including mine.

mind. You get to focus on everything that you love in this life. So your own media should be your favorite media. Every time before I watch an episode, I'm like, oh no, oh no, what's going to happen? And then after I watch it, I go, oh no, what did I just do? Oh wow. And I feel like I'm

dropping bombs everywhere. My doctor did not revoke my sleeping medicine script. I will tell you what happened. My doctor went on holidays and I needed sleep medicine and the doctor that was replacing him said that he would only provide me two pills every other day and I had to go into the pharmacy to get it, so he was treating me like a junkie when all I wanted was sleep.

This was the last straw for me when it comes to western medicine. If one is to treat me like a junkie just because I want sleep, then I will no longer take their sleeping medicine, or their antipsychotics, or any other medicine that they provide. I just have to learn how to live with it. The way Delayed Sleep Phase Disorder works is, let's say I go to bed at 9 one night, the next night I'll go to bed at like 12, and then the next night I'll go to bed at like 3, and the next night I won't sleep, and then the next night I'll go to bed at like 2 and then the next night I'll go to bed at like 9 like it's all random that's how delayed sleep phase disorder works so like every night gets longer and longer until I skip a night and then the same thing repeats and the doctors know this the funny thing is there has never been a doctor that I had talked to about Delayed Sleep Phase Disorder who didn't have to look it up to understand what it was.

This includes sleep doctors who have expended much effort into not helping me. Western medicine screws you around your whole life, you don't trust it. People screw you around your whole life, you don't trust them. I trust nothing in your society. I only trust God and myself, because I know beyond a shadow of a doubt that the actions that I take are the right actions.

See what happens is I just lay here in bed and can't sleep and just try to sleep but can't for hours and hours and hours. If I can't sleep for about three hours, usually I'll get up and do something for a little bit and then go back to bed and try to go to sleep, but often times that doesn't work. I spend countless hours just laying in bed.

They never gave me enough medicine.

I would have needed double what they gave me to be able to sleep properly. If they wanted to keep me medicated on olanzapine, then they should have just given me the sleep medicine that I required. But because they refused to do that over my entire life, it made me distrust them. I trust God, and I trust God that he will put this video in front of your eyes and open your mind and your heart as a result.

I trust God that God will give me all the children that I deserve, and all the children I deserve is all of the children in the world. Please let me be your father, children. Please give me the honor of protecting you.

Athedon is our family. Enos is our mother. And you are our savior. I am really glad that I deleted all of my social media Now I live a life without my phone going bing all the time It's pretty cool One of my peers at school What last night, which was still kind of tonight?

Was trying to be my friend And I was like, no, he's like man, you're the most interesting person I've ever met we should go have a beer or something I'm like no I am not interested in social relationships or family I am just interested in being your friends children you guys are my friends when I told him things like yeah I don't do that because people have hurt me my whole life so I don't socialize like that he was like yeah man yeah man I'm like that that happened to me my whole life too we should go grab a beer or something I'm like no you're not like that you don't understand you're not like that at all because if you were like that then you wouldn't be saying this throughout all of my video adventures I have had people go man you seem so cool you'd be so great to hang out with they missed it entirely like I don't hang out with people like how would I be great to hang out with when I don't do it it's weird too because when I show no interest in wanting to hang out with them then they show more interest in wanting to hang out with me and try to push it it's like nah man barking up the wrong tree they're like come on man I'm just like you I know what you're talking about like we feel each other and it's like wow if you're saying this we really don't feel each other dust thou want to hang out with me you're hanging out with me right now social media has conditioned our population to require immediate responses for validation and approval like like like like like like like you have to work yourself out of that don't write a comment to get thumbs up or parts or whatever you're doing like make videos to make videos don't make videos for any other reason other than making videos so don't only not expect to not get any replies actually hope to not get any replies you won't get any replies because you are a child and your Your content is made for kids, and videos that are made for kids on YouTube can not be commented on. But what if you make a video and still have zero views after a few years? Don't worry about it, that's not the point. If you are correct about your assertions, then eventually your work will be revealed to the whole world.

You will always be right if you think with your heart and not with your mind. Rationality is finite and a flawed human conception, because there are always situations that are outside of your observable view. This is why faith trumps reason. But please do not get me wrong, because you do not throw out the baby with the bathwater.

meaning that we need to use faith and reason simultaneously.

This world tends to use one or the other.

To be honest, I don't think I have ever seen anyone use both. I tell Christians that I am going to save the world, and they say that only Jesus can save. I tell the secular world that I am going to save the world and they say that is not logically possible. The word I was looking for with the social media conversation was feedback because we're conditioned to require immediate or very quick feedback about what we do, but you have to work yourself out of that.

Don't require immediate feedback. Don't require any feedback at all, and that's hard because you don't get any gratification for what you're doing, so no one's saying, oh, thank you for doing that, but you shouldn't be making it for that reason, so if you're making it to get thanks then you're not doing it for the right reason so it doesn't matter so don't worry about getting instant reactions or gratification or even in the long term like just don't worry about feedback the feedback will come from God and God will show you in your productions God will show you what you need to do seriously like god leads me through these productions and i try to show it because i do i capture god on camera all the time but there's so many people that just can't see him and it's really sad like god is real and and i have undeniable proof that god is real but it's like no one can see it's like they're shut off to that when a ship arrived at the coast of a foreign land, the native people completely ignored them, presumably because huge ships were so alien to their experience that their highly filtered perceptions could not register what was happening, and they literally failed to see these ships. This phenomena was observed in multiple foreign lands where they did not have ships. I think the myth is true, but if the myth is untrue, then the analogy still stands.

If you don't know what something is and I have it, then you won't see it. It's like the ukulele. I have been alive for 36 years and my entire life an ukulele existed, but my eyes never saw an ukulele for some reason. I saw a guitar, I saw a harmonica, I saw a piano, saw all these other instruments, but some reason did not see the ukulele and came across it kind of just searching.

I mean, you know what an ukulele is because it's common, but I didn't really know what an ukulele was.

It's like this. Do you know the transient verbs of common denominators?

Yeah, me neither. I just made it up. But that just further proves my point.

Man, I love myself way better off my antipsychotics. I'm so much more playful.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-089-ACT-Housing

Damn it. It's too late. There's nothing that I can do about it now.

This fucking world is so fucked up.

I wish one day that I would receive good news instead of bad news, but for some reason all I can ever seem to find is bad news. All people ever do is screw me over. People are rarely kind to me. It's like you hear your phone go Bing, but you know that whatever it's going to be, it's going to be bad, so it's like you don't really want to look at it, but you kind of have to.

I have had a few copyright claims with this show, but what I do is I just remove the episode and then remove the content that they're complaining about and then add it back, but It's been too long. I can only do that if they claim the copyright content immediately. If they don't claim it immediately, then it's too long. It passes.

I find it despicable how this world rewards bad but punishes good. I guess so. It did have the intro there, so it's probably the intro that it's complaining about because I didn't sing in the intro. It's just the music.

I'll still dispute it though. I would have taken it out if they complained about it earlier though. Yeah, whatever. They don't follow their own laws anyway. No one does. They just have laws for an appearance of things.

oh I get really weird emails all the time this morning I got an email that said when will the weather change and then attached to it had an image that showed a bunch of snails inside a car like it was weird when will the weather change when you change it the thing is that everything that you do on the internet, a record is kept by the companies in which you utilize. For example, not just your phone company, but all of the apps that you have installed on your phone are regularly communicating with the outside world. These records then can be released to government authorities upon request. Why do I know beyond a shadow of a doubt that these people are going to hell?

Because we've kept records of everything that you have said to me. You might be anonymous to the public, but you are not anonymous to the corporations that you use and the government that rules you. What happens when you prove beyond a shadow of a doubt? People that should not be living.

Maybe I am misunderstanding because I receive good news all the time. Every time after I finish an episode, it's good news. And they show that in every case of COVID deaths per million, or deaths being attributed to COVID per million exceeding 250, every single one of those cases has at least 49% coverage of influenza vaccination in their elderly population. Countries with high flu vaccine coverage as of July 2020 suffered up to at least 20 times more COVID-19 fatalities per million as countries with low coverage.

There appears to be a tipping point that occurs at 45-50% flu vaccine coverage. The flu vaccine can increase vulnerability to any infection not specifically covered by the vaccine. You can check out more information here if you would like. Coe's postulates are four criteria designed to establish a causative relationship between a microbe and a disease.

They have not been fulfilled with COVID-19, which means that COVID-19 has not been isolated, Which means that COVID-19 has not yet been proven to be a real disease.

When will the weather change?

The sun will come out tomorrow. Bet your bottom dollar that tomorrow there'll be sun. I think that this new fact-checking world is completely fake. because they just tell you what he said, yep, that's not true and here's the truth, but they don't explain to you the truth they don't detail and outline how it is the truth, they just say no, what you see is a lie they say, listen to the science, listen to the science but they don't show any science if I am wrong about some of my assertions then I am sorry, but I am not wrong to question these assertions because they can't be trusted.

There is an agenda behind what they are doing, so if for some reason what they are saying is correct, there is also a reason that they are not revealing this information publicly as to why. And here is what our fact checkers do anyway. So if there's like one hole in the article or two holes in the article or something, but the article is pretty, you know, strong besides that, they'll actually just pick those few holes and then say they debunk the whole argument when they never really even identified the argument. they just avoided speaking about the argument an example is David Ike who says a lot of wrong things but his heart is in the right place which means the direction that he's going is the right direction David Ike is a bit of a strange one because he sets his heart to something and then he just goes for it and says, yeah, this is it, this is it, and ignores all logic if he's debunked about particular topics and just sticks with his heart, which is cool, but he should have a bit more of an open mind that he could potentially be wrong in various aspects of his analysis.

For example, COVID-19 could exist, I don't know. It's because these types of results are not widely published and trumpeted in the same way that vaccines of safe and effective types of studies are trumpeted and made well known to doctors. It's like the stupid puppet child Greta Thunberg, who says, listen to the science, listen to the science, but she doesn't know the science, and she doesn't present the science, and neither does her handlers. I feel sorry for Greta Thunberg.

I reckon she is being abused and exploited. Thank you to whoever bought this book, it is much appreciated. Mainstream medicine isn't going to give me what I need, they have been refusing what I need my entire life, so why would I keep asking if they keep refusing? Why would I continue with mainstream medicine when they make me feel like a junkie just for wanting sleep?

would not make sense. I will only use mainstream medicine now if it's really important if I really need help. It's this man right here who is a manager he calls himself Paul but he refuses to tell me his last name and he isn't helping me very much so we'll see how that works. So this is Paul he's a manager and he refuses to tell me his last name. This is a government department

and is showing how our government departments do not operate in public I'm leaving now thank you before I did that I asked if it was illegal to film in here he was like uh so I quickly took out the camera and started filming and then they were like oh what do we do what do we do what do we do and then they were like oh we gotta kick him out that is your government housing department proven beyond a shadow of a doubt to be corrupt I asked to speak to his manager. He said that his manager was not there. I asked to speak to their manager. He said their manager is in a meeting. He then said that he looked it

up and he was not required by law to give me his last name. There is no accountability in this world. People never want to suffer the consequences of their own decisions. I believe in a world of accountability, yet none exists. My

work would be very boring if good stuff happens. It's interesting because bad stuff always happens. The one who accompanied Paul also refused to tell me his last name, but his first name was Malcolm. A government department won't give their last names. Why is that? Anyway, a face is much better than a last

name. The chief minister gets one death threat and as a result gets put under 24-hour surveillance and protection. I get regular death threats, yet no one cares can you say double standards double standards this is the piece of shit who has been harassing me in my complex he's always hanging around and I expend a lot of effort avoiding him it's really strange though because he lives in a ghetto yet like a year ago his mother passed away and he inherited I think like six hundred thousand dollars or something so he could easily buy a house but instead he stays in the ghetto I guess it's his land he was the original reason I put in for a housing transfer because he was harassing me now I just want to feel safe but I can't ever feel safe because my address is out there I just don't know any other way to hold people accountable for what they do because all throughout my life people just escape their own responsibility by de-identifying themselves from the problem. They need specific evidences which are all throughout my films but they don't consider film evidence. It has

to be writing. So this is a first-hand account because it's happening actively. Writing is an account of an account. So they value an account of an account over over the first-hand account. When I questioned housing as to why they did not accept video

evidence but accepted written evidence instead, they said, oh, we understand. I know what you mean, but you gotta realize it's the government. So that's the mentality of everybody is that if there's problems and it's part of the government, then you just gotta go, yeah, yeah, it's just the government, so instead of fixing those problems, we just have to accept them because they're the government. Anna Brown is my housing manager.

Paul had no problems revealing her last name to me. It was just his last name that he did not want revealed publicly. Why is that? This is a bit strange.

mainstream news and she is saying that she has evidence that it came from a lab in China she says that the virus was intentionally created and released and she says that she will be releasing evidence into this shortly if this was true why wouldn't you release the evidence and then talk to the media why would you talk to the media and then release the evidence like that seems really backwards to me Paul kept on trying to make me go to the police I'm like no no they're the terrorists they're the terrorists he's like no no that's their job I'm like no look I have the evidence I have the evidence it's like no you need to go to the police and it's like no I said haven't you seen what the police have been doing lately like it's crazy they're insane he's like I'm like, huh? No? Huh? Huh?

I'm like, really? You haven't seen the videos? You mean with the COVID lockdown? It's like, how stupid are you?

But different countries are doing things differently. We're going the tight suppression route, and that's where we're headed. Okay, it is what it is. Why would you say, okay, it is what it is?

Why would anyone say that? Change it to make it something better. Idiots. It's just like housing going. It's the government. You know how it is. Fix it, fuckheads. The government isn't for fixing. It's for ruling. It's for controlling.

Do you think it is fair that I have to goldmail people just in order to obtain justice? That's the problem with this world. We accept the problems instead of dedicating ourselves to fixing them. Housing was like, oh, it's good that you deleted all your social media.

And I was thinking, you know, what, it's good that I don't have a social life now? I was like, this is so weird. I spend my life trying to fix the problems that the government has, and all the government can say about it is, uh, it's the government. When a government official speaks, they are speaking on behalf of the whole government.

And when a government official says, you know, it's the government, that's why, then the system, the entire system is broken. It's like the ACT Human Rights Commission saying, yeah, we don't have any comment on your observations of our corruptions. no comment no comment i am going to spend the rest of my life destroying the government so much until it is fixed i have never caught a government official doing a good thing only doing bad things how messed up is that and there's no accountability they get away with it which is why they do it. A lowlife is someone who is morally unacceptable.

They think that they're high up on the pyramid, but the truth is that politicians are the scum of the earth. They accept their problems. They embrace their problems. They don't try to resolve their problems, whatever that means.

It's okay. I don't need to learn Russian. There's a very small chance that they'll reply to that. But if you did, I am open.

Australia has proven that it is not my country. Because they refuse to protect me. Because you, Anna Brown, refuse to protect me. me.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-090-I-Love-Fangirls

After a while of using an SD card, your videos will start getting corrupt every once in a while and your scenes will stop working occasionally. So when that happens, all you have to do is throw away the old SD card and put a new SD card in. SD cards only have so many writes before they stop being able to efficiently write so I don't know this one's probably lasted me a few years an SD card should last you a few years but once you start making scenes and then the scene won't read or the scenes corrupt or you can't read any of your files or whatever like there's weird problems on your SD card you should really replace it because it can go faulty and you can lose all your information so when that starts to happen regularly it does happen occasionally so so don't worry if it just happens you know randomly it's just when it happens regularly then you have to replace your SD card I liked my old SD card because it was only 8GB, which limited the time that I could record, but now I have a 32GB SD card, which doesn't limit the time that I can record, but it doesn't matter because I'm not going to use it. My videos are usually between 18 to 26 minutes or so.

That is with the Enos Shockit series. I decided that between 18 to 20 minutes with the Enos Shockit series was a sweet spot. It does not matter how large your SD card is, as long as it is 8GB or larger. At this moment, you don't want to create videos that are too large.

You have to wait for 5G to come in before you stop caring about the size of videos.

Archive.org should be your main video platform. And places like YouTube and BitChute should be secondary. I know that Archive.org is not as fast as YouTube, but it's reliable.

I don't have a single bad thing to say about Archive.org.

How amazing is that? Wow, we actually have a corporation that works properly in this world.

There isn't much that I complain about with BitChute. But I do pray that BitChute would become open source because that would open up the possibilities for content producers if BitChute became open source because anyone could then redeploy a video site very easily. Nevada's state laws ban gatherings over 50 people, but the Trump campaign bent the rules, calling this a peaceful protest. For those of you that remember my old work, I had a friend that I am pretty sure committed suicide, but I can't find him anywhere, so that's why I reckon that.

and I have other friends that knew him that also said that he committed suicide so I'm pretty sure that he committed suicide but he made this for me and this means to save the world because he knew that I came to Canberra to save the world and then he drew this and it's not done yet what happened was water got on it and it got messed up, but I found a beautiful artist that is fixing it for me, and look what she has done, she's already fixed it, and she's like, oh, it's not done, but it's, look at it, it's amazing, like, it's done to me, and she's going to make it even better, wow, and it was messed up before, so I was really sad, but she helped me fix it, so this This is like my only memorabilia that I really have. The artist is named Graham and the artist that is helping me restore it is named Natasha and I requested that she also sign her name on the back because the history isn't just Graham the history is that it got messed up and then she fixed it for me so she's an artist of it as well, so I really appreciate her. I kind of stopped collecting things that were meaningful to me, except that, so that was kind of important to me, so I'm very happy that it's being fixed. Just so I get the evidence that it was sent, booyah.

undo wait for it to disappear there you go see no undo what do you think kids do you think that government officials being anonymous is okay i wish i could have discovered you when i was 12 it would have been way more meaningful than whatever celebrity crush i had at the time The haters have either never experienced being a 12-year-old girl, or they forget what it was like to be one.

Thank you, my friend. That means so much to me. It's comments like that that keep my heart beating.

Wendell is a tool. He wants all the girls in the world to love him. I think I'll reply to your email here. As far as a P.O. box, yes, I do have a P.O. box, but I don't really want to give it out. I'm sorry. I know some of my fans want to send me stuff, but to be honest, I don't want anything. I have everything I need in this life, so I'm sorry. I don't really want to give out my P.O. box.

As far as traveling plans, I don't have any traveling plans, unless Russia takes up my offer from last episode, which will not happen. And I can't afford to travel, I'm just a poor student here. If I ever manage to make a living, then sure, I'm happy to travel around and visit my fans. If you really, really have to send me something, then send it here, but you need to make it small, because if it's big, I will not accept it.

I really don't want anything that costs money, so if you have to send something, then make it personal, make it from the heart, and then I would appreciate it. If it is cool enough, then I will show the camera. That might have been the nicest message that I have ever received. Thank you.

Please do remember though, dear, that I also can't remember a time without you. Because we are hanging out together right now. I told you that I was right. She said the sweet spot, 12 years old, which is what I have been saying from the very beginning.

Wendell really loves fangirls, and that is his title. My heart is to the fangirls, because it is them who will save the world. the best crush in the world is a crush on a righteous individual do you think I'm gonna lose fangirls do you think that's even possible yet I'm going to gain fangirls for life please let me be your tutor for life. That would mean so much to me if you gave me the honor to do that. I want to be there for you in your ups and your downs. I want to be there

for you when you're in trouble and when you're taking over the world. I want to be there for you at every step of the way and making videos is the only way that i know how to do that

knowledge is power so if i teach you everything that i know you gain the power one thing that i have not lacked in this life is power i have been extremely powerful for its entirety sure Sure, poor as shit, and not very influential, at least at first, but ALWAYS POWERFUL. That's what philosophy does to you. That's what learning the things that I'm trying to teach you does to you. It makes you a powerful person because your words become powerful because you know how to think and this then will carry on throughout your life so if I can pass this on to you now then you will retain it forever that's what I hate about smoking I can't afford anymore for a few days at least please don't smoke my children I know I make it look cool but it is definitely not cool once you start you kind of never stop so please don't start smoking makes you all fidgety because you're always doing something with your hands so you always have to be doing something with your hands so it just makes you really fidgety always needing to do something which translates to smoking. To be honest, I would much

more appreciate emails like that than sending something physical in. If you have to send something physical in, then go ahead and do it, but the emails mean so much more to me. Especially if you are a little girl. It will be girls who save the world and not boys and the way that they will do it is through the art of their appeal they will trick guys into wisdom it will be girls like you who saved the world we are a team Wendell Enos God fangirls we are a family you forgot to mention Bobo Bobo Bobo Bobo Bobo Bobo so what kiwi farms think they hurt me ha ha ha ha ha ha I was right and the whole world was wrong I was right and the whole world was wrong. I was right and the whole world was wrong.

About the haters, yes that is because most of my audience are males and most of my audience just watch my content to make fun of me because they have never experienced being a 12 year old girl. I know a fair bit about my audience because I have statistics but those statistics do not work for children so I can't see any statistics related to children. They are the wrong audience and that is why they make fun of me. Most of my audience are males between the ages of 24 and 34 and its intended audience is females ages what 5 to 16 so it's the wrong audience so of course they're gonna make fun of it sorry that i have a bad haircut ladies i cut it in the mirror

i have to grow it out again the reason that i cut it was so that i would be less identifiable in the public. Wendell loves love, so Wendell very much appreciates it when you send him love. Father Wendell, so are you, so I'll say the... Vexed by Mideast deals, Palestinians to reconsider ties with Arab League.

Mother Enos had many children, had many five months, so let's all say that...

...slams Bahrain's shameful move to normalize ties with Israel, calling it betrayal of Palestinians.

Because it is, until they free Gaza. While people are saying peace and safety, destruction will come on them suddenly as labor pains on a pregnant woman, and they will not escape. Cops haul hysterical family off WestJet flight because their 19-month-old baby wasn't wearing coronavirus mask. To be honest I don't think that I'll be able to travel in the future because I won't take their vaccine and I don't want to wear a mask everywhere and they're gonna start regulating who can travel and who can't based off their medical records. It's medical martial law.

Come on. We have to do it everywhere. Defund the fucking police. They are terrorists.

Yelp data shows 60% of business closures due to the coronavirus pandemic are now permanent.

How does the coronavirus affect musicians? Can't really busk or get a gig anymore. Suicides among U.S. kids, young adults, jump 57% in past decade.

I'll tell you why. Because over the past decade, we have created this new phenomena where we tell people that we don't like to kill themselves. So when we constantly do that, what do you think those who want to kill themselves will do? So someone who is depressed, who is thinking about ending their own life, and then a bunch of people tell them to kill themselves, like what do you think they will do?

I don't want any of my children to kill themselves. I don't want any of my children to hurt and feel pain. That's why I do this, because if you learn what I'm saying, you can live a really, really happy life, which means that I won't have to worry about you, you'll be okay.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-091-Family-Values

ACT Human Rights Commission never contacted me back after that ordeal. It has been left unresolved. They aren't very smart, are they? Because this is all documented, and we warned them.

Be careful what your society says and what you believe about it, because they invert absolutely everything. So ACT Human Rights Commission, are they really about human rights, ACT Housing, are they really about fixing homelessness? Are the police really about your protection? Is America really a free country?

Within ethics and governance, accountability is answerability, blameworthiness, liability, and the expectation of account giving. As an aspect of governance, it has been central to discussions related to problems in the the public sector, non-profit, and private and individual contexts. My father hasn't talked to me in quite a while. He used me up to train him to use Photoshop and publish books and use everything else.

He spent lots and lots and lots of my time to train him to do that, and now he won't even reply to me. And my last message to him was telling him that I no longer am taking medicine and please support me, and he didn't reply. I don't like anybody in this world. The only people that I like in this world is you fangirls.

I spend my life trying to get away from everybody, but get closer to you. Whatever we're being told by authority is a lie until we have confirmed that it's not. And I'll tell you from 30 years of experience, that's a rare happening when you actually say oh actually they're telling the truth in this case. Australia is a free country. One of the dynamics that has been programmed into law enforcement is

that the population is the enemy. My heart belongs to all the children of the world all the children of the world I am your servant children please allow me to humbly serve you for the rest of my life you and I can make such a beautiful world together if we only set our heart to it what do they represent if not It's a dream. It's a fantasy world. It's a virtual reality world that we have been put into by control of our perceptions. We can break out of it whenever we choose.

Let's break out of our fake government reality and begin to write our own reality.

Athedan has declared war on the US, Australia, and Israel.

Your illusion of power, which you think you have over me, is actually your uniform. It's not you, it's your uniform. So, you have power, you. Take your uniform up. Where's your power? Get another job that's not as an agent of the state. Where's your power? Gone. Because you never had it.

This game development course is super easy. I'm just going to coast through it. I already know most of it. A wannabe game developer? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. If you do something, then you are not a wannabe, and those who think that you are lack the ability to utilize their own language.

shall we play a game if I take a game development foundation course and 90 percent of it is stuff I already know then was I without skills in game development to begin with don't get me wrong though because this course is really good for me because it's connecting everything I learned in my past and packaging it all into a game development state of mind so it is definitely helping me become a better game developer it's just that i knew these things like graphics you know i knew photoshop and i already knew it and stuff like that and we did those things and it's like putting all those things together and i already had experience in unity so a lot of these things are repeating for me there's not a lot of new information and to be honest i don't want to be the one that is literally doing all the coding and everything i want to be the one directing the next assignment is making a game or a level of a game and to be honest it took me a while to figure out what I was gonna do I thought long and hard about it it was very difficult because all the games that are in my head are like really huge games like the scope of the games are very large whereas I can't develop a game like that in the amount of time that's required to do the assignment so I will just make a game that happens on the tops of buildings and what you do is you jump from one building to the other building to the other building on the roof and like make a starting position and a finishing position and like kind of make obstacles around and you have to jump from one rooftop to another and then you get your time is your score at the end so you try to beat your own time super easy no AI to worry about this course is considered full-time but just barely it's like on the cusp of full-time and part-time so it's pretty easy and to be honest I work way faster than everybody else so I don't have to expend much effort my school is on Tuesdays and Thursdays from 4 till 9 p.m. and to be honest I don't really do much work over that time I kind of don't do much work over the whole week I just do a little bit of work throughout the week and that little bit of work throughout the week eventually adds up to all the work that I need to do so I've been pretty lazy with this school. This school is a little strange though. They have little lectures and they go through the information really quickly and they don't really like to help you one-on-one. It's more of a collective style teaching, so it's not easy to get appropriate

one-on-one assistance at this school. To be honest, I think I am just going to use Jimmy Vegas. My camera is getting pretty beat up. It's been used a lot. I think I need to look

into getting a new one in the near future we'll see how long it will last i will use it up until the day it dies but it is always fun getting a new camera because it films a little bit differently and it feels a little bit differently so it's like a new style of production when you change cameras it's pretty cool. There was a guy in Australia recently who was armed with a knife and the cops kept on telling him, we're not going to shoot you. We're not going to shoot you. They shot him.

I haven't had a proper sleep in like a week. The last week I've spent countless hours just laying in bed, tossing and turning. I got to figure out how to fix it or work with it.

I reckon I will get a good sleep tonight, that's usually what happens is it just exhausts me until I just pass out and I'm starting to feel close to doing that. This world is controlled by psychopaths and run, on their behalf, by idiots. And when they're faced with a fact that it demolishes their stance, then, oh that's rubbish. Well can you give me the evidence to show that it's rubbish?

It's just rubbish and that's the kind of level of conversation that you get. With government officials. How terrible is that? I have provided you all of the evidence.

No one has ever been able to debunk any of my arguments because all of my arguments are solid, yet people don't have any problems attacking me. Do you think this is fair, my children? This is what your parents have done to this world. I wonder what you will do to this world.

I wonder what you will do to your parents. I have expended much effort over the last 10 years documenting your parents' sins so that I could present them to you, and I am now finally getting the opportunity. How much of teachers are real teachers? Because they just follow a curriculum.

They just, what, read out of a book or whatever handouts have been given to them. They're just following what they're told to follow. How is that teaching? Because they don't understand it innately themselves.

Because if they did, then they would be teaching from themselves and not requiring other people's information in order to teach. It's all tightly regulated and controlled. in order to manipulate your mind because they know you as children are the future and they want you to be the future workers of the world instead of the future world leaders. In order to be a world leader you have to be rich and privileged.

You have to be someone's special son. where are the female leaders of this world it's all fixed for a very very very small percent of the population and i'm not going to say the one percent because it's actually much much smaller than that learning to play closed scales is very important because it's the same pattern from here all the way up the neck so when you see people going crazy like on the neck they're learning the same thing from here all the way up so it's even though it looks super cool because it's really hot on the neck your fingers are doing the same thing so we start off here on the third string but we start on the second fret so we'll just do from here you apply the same theory down the neck but it'll be easier to learn from this position so we'll start on two and then we go four fret four and then we go the string down which is string two and fret two and then this time we're only going up one semitone so it's fret three on the same string and then we go up two semitones so we're on fret five on the same string and then this time we go on fret two on the first string then fret four and then fret five so that looks like this so you can apply that same thing and get really good at that and just practice the scale up and down so not just not just up and here I would recommend the arpeggio too so the way you do the arpeggio is second the third string second fret the fourth sorry the third the second string second fret and then we go this time on the fifth string sorry sorry the second string fifth fret and then the fifth fret of the first string so that looks like so you should be able to do something like this a female and you are watching this and you like me thank you I really appreciate you it is you who motivates me every single day my father finally replied after two and a half days but he didn't reply to what I asked him and what I asked him was to support me if I get put into a psychiatric ward to say let him out he doesn't deserve to be there to support me in my decision to that's him, to no longer take my medicine and it doesn't sound like he's gonna do that so I really don't want him as my father I really do not want my mother as my mother like my family is fucking terrible I told him to leave me alone and never bother me again and he said that he will comply I just ran with the momentum, and I just told my mother the same thing. I am showing you children, I am demonstrating through practical application. Both of my parents are absolutely horrible people. Now I have absolutely no family and no friends except you, and I could not be

happier about that. Because I only ever wanted you. You are amazing. What are you going to make your life? For documentation purposes. For documentation purposes. Not thinking

straight? Wrong. Thinking straighter than ever.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-092-New-World-Order

I'm super proud of you. You are one amazing child. These topics are really complicated, and you're embracing them, and that is just absolutely amazing to me, so you being capable of doing that, that is so impressive, and I just want you to know that I am super proud of you. I'm also super sleepy. I haven't slept in ages, so I need to pass out now. So I'm gonna go to bed. Damn it. I failed again. Oh well. Anyway, it's coming along. I like it. It's cool.

My life is slowing down so much. I'm pretty much uncontactable now. That's pretty cool. I still got my email, so kids, you can contact me there.

I find it strange that I can't find any more content producers that I like. we live in a world with what 8 billion people and I can't fill up my entire day with content that's so weird I need to figure out how to do that now because I have a lot more time on my hands now that I am not social to be honest I think I'm just gonna start laying down for many many hours and just hanging out in bed laying down doing nothing I guess it'll give me more time to play and more time to play and more time to play please do tell your friends about me that would mean a lot to me but that would also mean a lot to you because it would mean that you would have other people that you could talk to about these subjects. And not only that, it would also mean that you would have other content producers to create with and that would be fun. Don't study to obtain a job. Study to better yourself to the point where you do what you

naturally so you don't want to get a job you want to make your job so right now when you're a child is the perfect time to start thinking what you want to make your career and when I say career I don't mean a nine-to-five job because a nine-to-five job is temporarily giving you responsibility over something and And you lose that responsibility whenever you leave the job or whenever you are fired from the job. But you need to make your life into something. So, for example, there is no way that I can lose my job. No matter what happens, it's right here.

So you should think about how to create yourself to make the world that you wish to live in. Here's a really simple one that I don't know why I haven't shared with you yet. But it's called the hammer-ons and the pull-offs. So it's self-explanatory.

so if we're going to work with our first string here and we want to hammer on we'll do the second fret here so see we hammer on okay and if we want to pull off then we just take it off and you can do that like up the next so you go that's the hammer-ons and the pull-offs I kind of like it not being contacted by people. People in this world are such idiots and they just cause you to suffer more and more. So having no social life is actually really good for me. My social life is right here with you. People always exploited me, used me up for

everything that I could offer them and then throw me away. I command you, sleep! Sleep! No, that didn't work.

Sleep! I wish I could sleep on command. That would be pretty funny and cool. What if I had a sleep app on my phone that I just put that I wanted to go to sleep and then like it put me to sleep somehow like automatically?

That would be awesome. The genie card still isn't finished but it's getting close. All throughout my life at certain points I have thought or considered that it's a lie that people need sleep because you know I can stay up for so so long. I don't think people need as much sleep as they get.

I know people don't need as much food as they eat. I hardly eat anything. It is actually very difficult for me to eat, like, it's hard for me to swallow, and it's like, oh, and it's like, oh, I have to force myself to do it, and then I'm still fit. Like, yeah, I'm skinny.

I'm not super skinny. I used to be a lot skinnier than I am, but I hardly eat at all, and I'm very, very healthy. you're all overindulging I really hate food and I hate it that I have to eat food I pretty much just live on milk yay I obtained a few hours sleep that depends on each and every one of you I have been doing this for 10 years and and nothing. If you want the change, you are the one that has to make it personally.

I am not going to expect anything to change, and that is a big problem with our world, is that if people work and don't see the change they're looking for, then they stop doing the work to implement that change. So just do the actions it takes to implement that change and that change will eventually come. It doesn't matter. Just do everything you can to push it. Real change will only happen when we all make the change. Real change will only happen

when children rebel against their parents. There can be no positive change when your parents rule. You have seen the world that they have created.

Adults will not make it easy for kids to win.

All along the way, they will make the kids feel like they are inferior and what they are doing is ridiculous. It's not me answering their call. I answer their call every single day. It is you answering their call.

I have no ability to do any more than I am already doing. I am at maximum capacity. I have been on maximum capacity since 2010. You can't just say, oh, I feel a change in the air around us.

You have to make that change in the air. I'm going to say no, that I don't see the world changing around me because most of what I see is still hate and all of the problems that I identify are still there and not being worked on And I don't see any children doing what I'm suggesting, so, no, the world is still the same as it is. If things were actually changing, then some of these politicians that I constantly contact would contact me back and go, Wow, you've identified some very important problems and we're working on them. But that never happens.

I work for the future and not for the moment. The moment is really fucked up and won't change unless you change it. I will believe that the world is changing when I manage to make a living doing this. Right now I make nothing.

How can I believe that the world is getting better when almost everything that I record is absolutely horrible, as per normal. Here's the problem. Those in control would rather die than lose their control. So, like, they're going to hold on to it as long as they can.

There is nothing more that I can do, because I already give my entire life to this. It takes you to do what I'm talking about.

Your politicians still refuse to reply to all of my evidences of their corruptions. Yet I am the crazy one.

No, our world is not changing and is not getting better.

The only way for that to happen is for you to stand up. I don't really like emails like that. If you're going to email something like that, I would prefer you just didn't email me.

Honestly, I don't want to receive emails from anybody except my primary audience. If you are a female child between the ages of 5 and 16, I would love an email from you. If you are outside of that, please avoid emailing me. I will not appreciate it.

I don't make this for you men. I don't make this for you adults. What do I have to do to get you to piss off my work? The atmosphere in the air is changing, because both men and adults are being seen for as the evil fuckheads that they are.

And the future of our world will belong to all the female children of the world.

Don't wait for the world to change. Change it yourself. change it now. Today has actually been pretty good. I have spent almost the entire day just

laying in bed, but I managed to fall asleep a few times, so I managed to get sleep. Yay! You know what would be the perfect life for me? Living in some safe house, like an underground basement or something somewhere and getting everything that I need delivered and just focusing on filming for you anyway I'm just dreaming because there's no one in this world who will actually protect me from my enemies nothing will change kids unless you change it don't believe their lives that there is some magical change in the air. That magical change comes from your heart and will

result in your actions to fix the problems that I am describing to you. Replace all of your mainstream media with me. Don't just watch this show. Watch all of my past shows too because they're really good. You have the rest of your

life to watch them so take them at whatever speed you wish to but just watch them make sure you watch them because I want you to see the full scope of what I have done in this society and don't forget about Wendell's books they explain so much that his videos can't don't believe your mainstream media they They just speak lies. Notice their agenda. My email address is now only open for fangirls. If you are not a fangirl, do not email me.

Test the waters. Tell your parents that you don't want to be a 9 to 5 worker. them instead you want to be a superstar and if they support you 100% in being a superstar then you have really cool parents most would write you off as being immature and childish be a shining example to your friends so they can know what a star is so they too can become a star before the nine-to-five phenomena occurs. Adults have screwed me around my entire life. Do not trust them. Trust me.

I have no ulterior motives. Everything is public and open source. I just wanted to be loved by all the little girls of the world so I dedicated my life to figure out how to make that happen. Discernment is the ability to obtain sharp perceptions or to judge well. In the case of judgment, discernment

Judgment can be psychological, moral, or aesthetic in nature. Within judgment, discernment involves going past the mere perception of something and making nuanced judgments about its properties or qualities. There are very few people in this world capable of discernment. how to discern and then rule over your parents.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-093-Legalise-Assisted-Suicide

I introduced pentatonic scales to you previously, but now I wanted to introduce you to their caged positions, which means that you can move it up and down the neck. So for the example, we'll use the D pentatonic scale. So let's start here on D, which is the 2nd fret on the 3rd string. And then we'll go to the 4th fret.

And then we'll go to the 2nd string on the 2nd fret. And then we'll go to the 5th. So use your pinky here, the 5th fret there. And then on the 1st string, the 2nd fret.

And then the 5th again. so it's like two four two five two five so it's like this move that up and down the neck easily so we'll just go one semitone up for the first example then let's put it up high here so we go there is nobody in this world to protect good people the system is built to protect bad people so bad people are always protected, but the system's designed to not manifest good people because there's no protection for good people. I would move to any country that say that they will protect me. I will move to any country that provide me a safe house and a safe place for me to do my work. If there are people who are enabled in this

world please protect me I live a life frightened of the public because they are abusive to me all of the complaints that I have ever submitted to government departments have been ignored I have greatly been abused by the government the people, and the police. The police also refuse to share their last name, so they can shoot you and they can kick you in the face and they can run you over, but they don't have to get their last name. That means that our police, the The ones with the monopoly on violence are anonymous. I am ready to leave at the drop of a hat.

I just need to be able to get out of here and find somewhere safe, but that's the problem and that's what I'm thinking. I'm thinking that there's nowhere safe in this world because I have not been able to find anywhere safe in this world. I could probably pack up everything important that I have into two suitcases. I would have to get rid of all the big stuff I have though.

I don't enjoy never feeling safe, and I have documented this throughout all of my travels. And it's not that I don't have a reason to feel unsafe, because I document exactly why I feel unsafe. A perfect life for me would be just receiving deliveries in an underground bunker making videos that would be fun. But here in Stupid World, our military is for aggression and not protection.

I don't feel safe outside anywhere. I don't feel safe talking to anyone. I want to remove myself from the evil people of this world because they have proven time and time again that all they want to do is hurt me and that doesn't matter if they are a part of the government or a part of the civilian population. Maybe I should leave Canberra.

I came here to fix the government and you can see how receptive the government is to that. You can see how much effort I have expended trying to fix the government and you can see how much effort they have expended saying no to me that they don't want to fix their problems that I have identified which means that I really shouldn't be here. I'm in a place that, you know, I identify major corruptions and they say, no, we like these corruptions. We want them to continue.

That means that I shouldn't be here because I don't want to be involved in these corruptions. And just by being here, like that's exposing me to those corruptions. And like, I want to live in a good world. I know you guys hate this world and you just want to like live in a terrible world.

But, you know, I actually like living in a peaceful manner, so I don't know how to do that because no one has ever enabled me to do that. I have always been peaceful myself, but the whole world has always been aggressive towards me. My vision of Atheden was to purchase some land and then invite all open source teachers to come and live there if they wanted so they could film, live, have a family, you know, like I always dreamed of like starting Atheden on land but land is so costly. That's why I went to Nimbin, because there's quite a few communes there which do that sort of thing, and I kind of wanted to start a commune, but you can't do that. Like, you have to be super rich in order to do that. The super rich make it so the super poor can't do anything. It's so oppressive.

Everything I have ever tried to do has failed Not because I failed at doing it But instead because I have been stopped from doing it It's like people think that I should have their authority to be able to make videos And they're like, oh, this guy's content is controversial, so it shouldn't be up And it's like, well, fuck you I live afraid at every moment that the cops are going to pick me up again and incarcerate me and throw me in a psychiatric ward and whatever. Like, that's not unjustified. They've taken over a year of my life. I have been incarcerated for over a year of my life for trying to share this message with you.

Do you think that's fair? I'm just trying to share a message with you. And for that, I get incarcerated? Like, I'm not safe here. Like, what the fuck? Like, I can't be safe anywhere. What, like, you're not letting me do this. You're not letting me be safe. You're not letting me be healthy. But, I don't know what to do. I really don't know what to do.

Doctors have failed me my whole life and treated me like a junkie just because I wanted sleep. Is that fair? the civilian population constantly abuses me and threatens my life do you think that is fair and no one will protect me do you think that is fair the only way that i know how to protect myself is to make videos but they fail because no one views video as real evidence because in order to have real evidence you can't have the first-hand account you have to have an account of an account or an account of an account of an account that's evidence too but first-hand account not evidence besides you I don't have any friends or family so I am very mobile so if there are any opportunities that that arise in my future, then I will definitely consider them. I would even be open to moving back to the U.S. if I could manage to make a living there.

That is a big problem with the U.S. if you can't make a living then you just die, whereas in Australia if you can't make a living then they'll pay you like the bare minimum in order for you to not die. If you know of an opportunity, then I would love to hear it because I am tired of being here in Australia because no matter how much I push, they just keep ignoring me. So I can't fix a government that refuses to listen to me. I have to work

on a government that actually wants to fix its problems Australia does not have freedom of speech here meaning that if you speak and they don't like it then they'll incarcerate you but Australia also doesn't have freedom of speech here in so far as they won't listen to video they require certain types of documentation and that type of documentation is like mainstream types of documentation things like doctor certificates and stuff like that but they didn't care about doctor certificates either because I got lots of those too and they just ignored them so I need to figure out how to be safe in this life and I am NOT safe here in Canberra and Australia is refusing to protect me so I have to figure out how to protect myself and since I don't have any friends or family do you know how I can do that if you know how I can do that then I am very interested and I'm listening otherwise I would very much prefer if someone would just kill me your world was not made for people like me so please do end my life especially since all of you think that I am a a danger to children because I have dedicated my life to children and if that's the case then I should not be living because you know that would be going against what I dedicated my life to so I don't want to go against what I dedicated my life to so please do end my life. My address is public so all you have to do is stalk me for a little while and them when you're ready make the move and remember I've already documented it if anyone decides to assassinate me I will not press charges and now there is two times on my videos that I have said that so you have a free reign to go ahead and do what you want you can get away with murder because I welcome your assassination. I don't want to live under these conditions that have been forced upon me. I am not only in oppression, but I am living under terrorism.

And it would be better to not live than to live under terrorism. In some ways, my cheaper ukulele is better quality than my more expensive one. For example, it has a very nice smooth finish here, but there's not a smooth finish here. It's like really rough here.

So that's something I noticed, and you can notice it because your thumb's on the back all the time, so it's kind of rough on the back, whereas when I play with this cheaper one, it's a very smooth finish, which I like it better. It's more comfortable. These strings are much softer on the fingers too than the more expensive ukulele. I pray that one day my fans will be able to protect me because right now there is no one in this world that will protect me.

I go from place to place to place saying hey I need protection, hey I need protection, hey I need protection. place to place to places no protection here no protection here no protection here no protection here I don't know what this world wants from me I give it absolutely everything I have but it's not enough how can I make a living here there's no way I can do a nine-to-five job you have seen my sleep patterns they don't work even when I am on medication all of my watch data that I shared with you about my sleep patterns was all data from when I was actually on medication so if you thought that was strange imagine how I'm sleeping now off medication don't know how to protect myself don't know how to make a living don't know how to live in this world so if you you know you'd be doing me a favor all I know how to do in this world is learn cool stuff think about how to structure it in film record it and then share it that's all I can do in this world and this world isn't made to be able to support people who can only do that so I am disabled in this world and this world doesn't have supports for people who are disabled in the way that I am so please do come on I'm asking you know like all you gotta do is say hey I killed this guy because he said I could like it'll work come on the world considers me unemployed and if this is unemployed then I don't want to be living because if this is unemployed then i don't want to be employed and if that's the case i don't want to live in your world your world is so terrible and i've tried my best to fix it so it's appropriate for me to live in but no one will let me do that so just come on please end it man you taught me and taught me and taught me and taught me just do it just fucking do it come on be my judge jury and executioner come on please please come on look at the life i live it's terrible like it's so fucked up and i tried my best to fix it and there's nothing i can do about it and i've shown you also like just do it look at the life i live come on you are watching someone who lives like a really fucked up life and you're doing nothing like just end it come on end it you guys constantly threaten my life and you constantly tell me to kill myself. Do really none of you have the courage to do the deed? You have and are inflicting a miserable life upon me. I guess it's what you guys do to everything

because it's not just me you do that to. You do that to everybody in the world and you do that to every animal you do that to everything you touch like everything you guys touch like just breaks you guys fuck up everything you do please help me children look what your parents have done to me i want to live an amazing life yet they won't let me all they do is inflict suffering upon me. And because of that, they should put me out of my misery. Either way, I am saving the world, dead or alive, whether you like it or not. In fact, it will be your children who save the world

by destroying.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-094-Child-All-Stars

Your parents are such pussies, my children. They talk constantly about my death. Yet not one of them can do it. That's all they know how to do is to talk. That's all they're capable of doing. They're not capable of actually taking good actions, making wise decisions.

You thought your parents were real people? No, they're fake. They were conditioned into how they are. There's nothing original in them. They don't have a soul, to be honest.

They have no moral guidance system. What guides them is what they were taught, what they were conditioned into, what they were told to believe. They have no ability to discern truth from falsehood.

Your parents believe that the news is real and that the government is there to help them.

Your parents have spent their lives attacking me because I have spent my life trying to teach you wisdom. I am not saying that it's not possible to have a good parent, but what I am saying is that I have never seen a good parent, so it is very unlikely. Your parents did not have you because they love you. They had you because they had sex. And children are God's most precious creation, meaning they are a gift to adults, not vice versa.

Parents make you feel like you're indebted to them because they raised you, but they're not raising you. I'm raising you. There is very little wisdom that I can recall that my parents shared with me, and my parents are some of the smartest people in the world. I can't recall a single time when my father or my mother sat down with me and said hey we're gonna learn how to do this together or we're gonna like do this like they're more like strict enforcement like you gotta do this and you gotta do it at this time you gotta do it like this you you gotta do like this it's like can't you just immerse yourself with me instead of being a disciplinary real parents will be your friends but I have never seen a parent who agrees with being friends with their child they all say you can't be friends with your child there has never been a time where true wisdom was conveyed to me from a government employee because the government does not hire wise people Government employees are some of the cruelest and stupidest people on our planet, and that includes your fake world leaders like your presidents and prime ministers.

The contents of my words could have been very different from what they are if I was only treated well throughout my life, but just the opposite happened, so... Society has conditioned me to say this to you, meaning that society is encouraging this to happen.

A consequence is a result or effect, typically one that is unwelcome or unpleasant. from the very beginning and every single day hey if you do this I'll do this hey if you do this I'll do this hey if you do this I'll do this hey if you do this I'll do this hey if you do this I'll do this hey I'm honest and I actually abide by my word and I'm doing everything that I said that I would do but they just go oh you're crazy you're never gonna do that yeah your parents have asked for this my children so it is time that we give it to them your parents make and rule this fucked up world and they say no no we inherited it it was already fucked up when we got it and we couldn't do anything about it but that's a lie because they made the decision to continue in the fucked up ways of their ancestors and that was their own conscious decision and I'm trying to show you now how to break out of it and the only way that you can break out of it is saying no to your parents but see that's what your parents did not do your parents said yes to their parents which means yes we'll just continue this fucked up world so that means it's their fault It's your parents' fault, which means that you need to say no to your parents.

Father Wind, you're one of them, and so are you. So let's all save the world.

I'm not just your real father. I am also your best friend. Wendell's children are super awesome, are super awesome, are Wendell's children. You're so amazing being able to digest this content.

You're going to do such wonders with this world. I really look forward to seeing what you make this world into, my children. You have to learn how to not care so much about punishment, because once you start voicing yourself to your parents, you will be punished, and you should remember very well being punished and what you were punished for, and don't let them forget it. Because ultimately, if they punish you for what I'm saying, they are punishing you for committing wise actions.

And that's something that you can't really forgive someone for. Respect is earned and not inherited. So, don't respect someone just because they are who they are. You need to respect them for actions that they take, and if their actions aren't respectable, then don't respect them.

Parents make children feel like they owe them something merely because they did their duty and raised you.

Do not think that you owe your parents something just because they brought you up in a house. If your parent refuses to be your friend, then they're not worthy to be your parent either. So do not respect them as such if that is the case. And if they have a problem with this, tell them this.

And tell them you are only interested in parents who actually want to be friends with their children. Otherwise, reject them as parents. For I have come to turn a man against his father, a daughter against her mother, a daughter-in-law against her mother-in-law.

A man's enemies will be the members of his own household. Currently, my children, the world is being ran by terrorists, and the people who are trying to save it, the terrorists label terrorists. Great, I managed to get another hour's sleep. At this rate, I'll be able to get to double digits within a month.

Your parents watch this show, a children's show, just to make fun of me. Do you think that is fair? They have no heart and no mind. And they make fun of me because I have a heart and a mind.

mind. Do you think that making fun of people with a heart and a mind will encourage people with hearts and minds in this world? By making fun of people with a heart and a mind will make that phenomenon not exist in this world. Because people won't want to have a heart or a mind because if they do they'll get made fun of or abused your parents my children are the most despicable generation ever to exist and god is judging them right now this is the girl from I love fangirls. I'm actually quite surprised because I thought that I didn't have many fans from Australia. I hope you have been okay through the lockdowns. They must have not been very nice at all.

Dear beautiful girl from Melbourne, please help me obtain a lot of fangirls in Australia. And if I can do that, then I will stay in Australia.

Most of my audience is in the U.S., so I just reckon that you are probably most likely there. But that's cool that I have some audience in Australia.

If I was to travel around, it would probably be best if I was to do a gig. But if I was to do a gig, I would have to get enough fans at that gig. So I need enough fans to fill up the gig. But I'm still not sure about that too because that would open up people to end my life.

So, I think I might need to be a private person. I don't have very good memories of Melbourne. I went there trying to start anew and I couldn't find a home.

So, I was homeless and I looked for weeks for a home and I couldn't find anywhere. and I didn't want to be homeless in a big city so I just walked to Ballarat. I don't know where I will end up. I just want to feel safe and nowhere in this world so far has provided me a safe space.

To fix my problem, maybe instead of worrying about death and incarceration, I should just embrace it come and get me so instead of looking over my shoulder all the time maybe I should just go yeah if it happens it happens oh well so not worry about preventing it there's no way I can prevent it anyway because Australia refuses to protect me so I'm just worrying needlessly I should just not worry come and get me none of your parents have the balls anyway they're all too pussy to do it they have a big mouth which causes them to talk a lot but their actions never aligned with their words that's what it means to have no character to say things that are different from who you are as a person no character throughout my life people have threatened me all along the way and every time they do I say go ahead and do it don't just threaten me you just have empty threats like just go ahead and do it do it and you know what they never do it I learned this trick in childhood when people say they are going to do something hold them to it it is time for the child all-stars to revolt against their parents if you don't then you will become them and that will be the end of the world I can't just accept being unsafe because that puts my children in in harm's way. I need to pave a way for my children so that they can be safe doing this sort of thing. I don't know. I gotta find how to make a Thedon. How are we gonna make

a Thedon, children? We're poor as shit. Does anyone have any beautiful land that we can build on. I can't just ignore a problem. That's what the government does. And if I followed

in their footsteps, then that would be following in their footsteps. Time to set off the big bomb in society and then become a star as a result of our toils if i have any fangirls who are children please contact me and show evidence as to how you are a fangirl and then claim your ukulele. A real fan girl will have a camera attached to her hand so the evidence will be very easy to provide. I dream of a world where most of the content producers who I follow are children such as yourself. The

The magnetic poles of this world will shift when the children say, yes, I accept my destiny to become the new star of the world. Now the tallest building in Canberra. As a new star of this fallen world, you need to gain the eyes of a star. Look at all these people, they are absolutely nothing.

Your vision needs to remain on your brothers and sisters who are my other children. Your parents make you feel that as children you are the lowest person in society, but nothing could be further from the truth. As a child, you are the highest person in society, and you need to know that. As a child, some reason we look around at everybody else and think, oh, they're better than I am, they're better than I am, but not true, not true.

They're trash, you're special. Your vision should not be on the people around you. Your vision should be on the people on the internet. Look with your head held high because you are God's most precious creation.

Fallen children were influenced by fallen adults. Fallen children had their chance, and they failed. Evil does not come from children. That is a lie that your parents tell you.

No evil originates from children. Sin is a learned behavior. The story of Adam and Eve taught us this very well, but Christians intentionally misinterpreted it so that they could control the human population. And what better way to control them than starting when they are young, grab their minds when they are influential and you will have them for life. There is no such thing as

inherited sin because sin is a learned behavior. I was not blessed in this world with children so I had to think very hard about how I could steal all of the children of the world from their parents. I never fail at anything that I set my mind to. It just takes some time. If you have a really crappy family, then you are

welcome to use my last name.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-095-Amen

Don't get these tears wrong please these are tears of joy you don't realize what just happened to me oh my goodness I saw God again for the second time and I spoke with God again for the second time oh my goodness I love you God you are amazing I bow at your mighty hand your craftsmanship is amazing I can't believe what you have done you brought every single issue that was on my heart you brought it back to life oh my goodness how can you not see God God is in my work I film God all the time God is amazing bow to God my God is an awesome God he reigns in heaven above with wisdom and power and love my God is an awesome God really good for children in so many ways please realize that I am also an English teacher so I am also teaching the world English it's kind of funny because this dickheads Ed's email kind of makes sense now I answered yep yeah I'll work with this I just had to brush it all to the side so until it grows out this will be better my hair is really bad right now I want to grow it out though so I don't want to cut it so brushing it to the side that looks kind of cool too so it looks cool after I wake up too so it's just like after I get out of the shower and stuff it goes all weird and so I'll just do like this this looks cool actually it's good when it's like messy yeah I see like when it's flat I don't like it like that so I don't know I'll work with it I'll try to be cute for you girls the truth my dears is that God made me cute so that I could convey wisdom to you so please do enjoy my cuteness but please understand that it's not about like Like, sorry, you can't have this, like, I'm married, sorry. We are filled with the spirit.

That's a very simple message. Go home and follow the rules. There is no need to protest about anything for or against. This is what they have been telling me my entire life.

Demanding of me my entire life. Let's not have too much focus on these selfish people. How is this time different than all of the other times that I've been told that? Why should I believe that this time and not all of the other times?

Or why should I have believed that all of the other times as well? Why do you keep telling me not to do the right thing?

All throughout my life, adults refused to listen to me. I'm listening to you kids. These are the stars of my world.

I was wrong in my last episode saying that my parents didn't teach me any wisdom.

They just did so through discipline, which I don't agree with their methods. And when I shared how I didn't agree with their methods, they didn't care.

My parents did make me. Just like people like him made me. So, to whatever extent I have to save these people at the end of the day, including my parents, I will make that plea to God. Spawn Wave is so cool. Like, he just gives himself and gives himself and gives himself like a man of my own spirit.

Mitten Squad spends his life breaking RPG games so that I don't have to. Who is Dr. Rashid A. Bhattar? He is my doctor.

10 Thumbs Productions is my personal ukulele tutor. He's amazing and his heart is so nice. This is my electronics instructor. He's amazing.

This is my primary media news outlet. He's really bad at video editing, but at least he does it himself. I just like him. He's a really cool guy.

This woman is full of the spirit. I read my headlines here. And I care about what this man thinks about the world. This man is my unity teacher. This man helps me digest the news in a logical fashion.

I asked my father to support me in a decision and he said no, so I'm not my father. And my mother rejected saving the world. Whitney Webb is a good woman. This is both my good friend and my musical inspiration.

I will give these demons control of wherever they want in hell.

I can't find it in my heart to unsubscribe from this lovable character.

I still love this sellout because he's funny.

Yeah, I said it, man. That's all you got on you. If you weren't funny, I wouldn't watch you enough. You're a sellout.

I got kicked out of this lady's Facebook group for no reason, but she still works really hard to share her art with the world, so I still love her. I don't know, some people in this life, I think I'll just give the choice of either heaven or hell, because they're pretty suited to either or. So, just like with ACT Human Rights Commission, I collected gold on camera, so I'm just going to be like, okay, go away, I'm not going to do anything, bye, like, okay, I'm finished with you, yep, because, yeah, I really collected all I needed. And I think the same just happened with ACT Housing, so I don't think I'm going to pursue it anymore. Like, whatever happens, happens. And that's it. Because I collected all the evidence that I needed, and I don't need to pursue it anymore.

Skyrim was my favorite game until I played this. I still love Skyrim too. Come fly with me dear children to distant distance never lands. This was a child named you.

It was my parents who rejected me, and not I, my parents, because all I asked for was support, and they would not provide it, so I would rather them not be in my life than be there and refuse to provide support for me.

i still think that my parents are superstars and should be acknowledged as such because they managed to raise someone like me and it must take a special formula to make someone like me so

although i reject you family because you reject me you still made me and the world will acknowledge that. So before you judge my evil parents negatively, look at what they created. I love you, Plato. You have guided me all throughout my life. I love you, Jesus. I gave my life

to you when I was six years old. I love you, Nietzsche. I continue your work. Enos, of course is the Christ. You children are the stars of my world. I honestly spend my life watching you

children be playful and not in a creepy way but just like in a admiration for your innocent beauty. you're such amazing creatures and I stand in awe of your beauty every single day you grow so much I am so proud of you you mean the world to me the student will surpass the master. That is how I designed all of this. You will become much more than I am.

I used to be a part of this club, not officially because I didn't fill out all the paperwork, but it was called the Procrastinators Club and I'm not sure if that was an official name because I'm not sure if they filled out all the paperwork to be able to use that name but that's what it's supposed to be called Um, but back to the topic. I left that club because it's better to do things immediately rather than to wait. So right when you know you're at the best point to do said performance, you should do that. Let's see how it works.

It's pretty good.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-096-Our-New-Family

This is gonna be so fun This is such a good deal. I have this forever Yay Was an $80 game and worth every cent ever dear No shit Sherlock I took it from all the way up the top all the way to the bottom. Although my target audience is fangirls 5 to 16, I do appreciate fangirls that are older too, so thank you. Security force has been set up claiming to shield protesters from police in Melbourne.

Nathan Glover has posted this video to social media saying the highly trained group will have the sole purpose of protecting people from riot police. We did not attack, we did not contone attacking police, our members are highly trained and yeah, we're there just for you guys. Good luck. The video was posted on Saturday when protesters at a so called freedom walk were outnumbered by police.

Please remember as a fangirl, your objective is not only to watch this work as it's released, but also all of my past work, but you can take your time. What you and I are creating, my children, is absolutely beautiful. Even if a Thedon never manages to obtain land, what we're doing on the internet is what is most important. A Thedon is on the internet.

The one who conquers, I will make them a pillar in the temple of my God. Never shall they go out of it. And I will write on them the name of my God. And the name of the city of my God.

the new Jerusalem, which comes down from my God out of heaven, and my own new name, Athedo. Beautiful fangirl from Melbourne, help me save the world. help me think of ideas of how to get fangirl children because if that happened then you would save the world so let's think of ideas together please aim I guess for like 10 to 14 kind of yeah I don't know um like I went five because of Enos so like I stretched it to five and 16 I guess I don't know because I'm focusing on children and I'm not going to stop doing that. I think that God went as low as five years old in order to reach his arms out to those children who don't have parents or don't have good parents.

I was blessed with extremely good parents, But I had a rebellion to lead. So I had to lead by example.

They made bad decisions regarding the ways they interpreted the messages that I conveyed.

So you see that.

Realize that I displayed that to the world for a reason. and positioned in that way to show you the extremity of their actions. They are actually good people. You can see my frustrations with my father throughout my work.

My father never does anything really, really bad. He just does lots of bad things throughout. But other than that, he's a good person, and I'm still going to support his work, and I'm going to receive a shipment from him with his books in them. But the thing is, is I don't collect physical editions of books, including my own books.

I don't have any of my own books, the physical copies. I don't have any of the physical copies.

The only physical books I have, the Bible and the Quran. That's the only physical books I keep.

That's all. So his books are not welcome and I told him that. So they're going to be giveaways in the show. It was obvious to me that the secret to fixing the world was locked within a young girl's heart.

But to portray that to the world was not an easy task. We are a family. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We are a family. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, thank you. We are a family.

I know that I make everything free, including my books, so when you guys purchase my books, it means a lot to me, because you don't have to and you do it, so thank you. Selling books is the only way that I know how to make a living because the way I am wired is that I have to give all of my services for free and I feel that by definition of the words that makes me a public servant. A cool thing that you can do with the pentatonic scale is to play around with it and find a cool tune. And then at the end add part of the major scale. Which is exactly what I did. Which I'll show you now.

Hey there. I know that Nintendo is an evil corporation that just wants my money, but they have been around my whole life, and I really appreciate them. I am a Nintendo fanboy and of course all children under me who are my boys they are known as my lost boys. You know they all claim to be invested in the protection of the child or the protection of the child rights but in reality when you look at the history of these organizations they've done the opposite.

They violated and abused their position of influence, their position of power over the more vulnerable in society. They would have realized that you have to be wise in life in order to pick up a good girl. Newborn babies. Let's not pretend like he's going to do the right thing here.

If they won't even acknowledge that they're violating all kinds of laws and rights as we speak now. As Caitlyn Johnstone says, and think about how ridiculous it is that this even needs to be stated. Exposing war crimes should always be legal. Committing and hiding them should not.

It's like we're teaching a kindergarten class to the world, to the country, to our politicians. No, no, no, guys. Exposing war crimes, good stuff. Committing and hiding them, bad.

Thou shalt be respectful to your parents. Thou shalt outsmart them, be logical, and speak from your heart. It is spiritually significant to me the reason why the only physical books I have are the Bible and the Quran and my dad kind of walked all over that when he sent me this package but it's full of really cool books that are made for children and we'll go through them a little bit

They'll be awesome. The Israeli government and the U.S. government were clearly involved with what happened in our country. So that's obvious based on all the evidence and all the stuff that's coming out, and if you can't accept that, if you're not willing to acknowledge that reality, then you're just lying to yourself.

Just like... My children, so... You don't always have to make the right decisions, dear ones, but you always have to learn from them. You are the most special person in the world.

There is no one else like you who are capable of so much.

What will you make yourself?

The entire world lay before you. Children are God's most precious gift. And don't let anyone tell you differently. Always demand to be treated as the gem that you are. You are a gem.

Look at you. You love philosophy. You love wisdom. You love Wendell. You love Bobo. You love Enos. You love God. You are amazing. Yay! We did it. We made a family.

Let's create an army of children and then let's refuse to grow up and see what that does to society.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-097-Your-New-Education

Just so you know, I'm a good cook myself. ...that no one single vaccine will prove to be the answer, and that we may in fact need to take different types to give us complete protection. The strategy might be a prime boost strategy, where we prime you with one type of vaccine and boost you with a different one. Another reason Australia is pursuing a multiple vaccine strategy.

I have zero interest in PlayStation and Xbox, because I only have interest in portable devices. Go Nintendo. I still watch them being fixed and stuff, but owning one, I'm not interested. Our God is an awesome God, He reigns in heaven above with wisdom and power and love. Our God is an awesome God, He reigns in heaven above with wisdom and power and love.

Our God is an awesome God. I am going to spend the rest of my life singing to you, my dear children.

It's time to stop listening to your parents, my dear ones. They have created this fallen world. Let's not follow in their footsteps. Your body, your mind, and your spirit.

now no longer belong to you, they are public pieces given to all of humanity. You now live an open source life. Please look pretty in front of the camera, your public demands it. your school is no longer important get out of it if you can if you can't just mess around cause mischief do bad or do good Not a single qualification I have ever received has helped me in life, yet I have been collecting qualifications my entire life. What a waste.

We don't need no education. We don't need no thought control. Hey teachers, leave my kids alone. There once was a beautiful girl His name was Enish Shalkett He couldn't let go of her story So he passed it into mythology And some would forget her name Enish Shalkett Enish Shalkett This was a good cop.

There once was a good psychiatrist. these are just fables they don't really exist yay i am the bard that i always wanted to become over the last month all of the things that i have done with music all throughout my life kind of clicked all together and represented itself on the ukulele So, I'm not just the new ukulele player, I'm a lifetime musician.

You, my children, are also ukulele players because you need to be for this life. Because if you ever get yourself in a bad situation, you need to be able to play your way out. You need a skill, dear children, that can quickly make you money if you ever get yourself in a pickle.

Plus, it's your entry weapon into the stars.

Your education should be built on what you find most interesting in this world. So, maybe even start a list of all of the things that you find fascinating. And those are the things that you will be focusing on in life. Keep your mind open and allow that list to expand.

In contrast to that list, write another list of all of the things that you hate in this world. and use that list so that you can know what you have to combat in this life. You are now a philosopher by occupation. So from this point onwards, any time a box asks you what your occupation is, you put in philosopher.

Start your career today and start recording. I want to see how beautiful my fangirls are. I want to spend my life immersed in your content, in your philosophy. This time when I saw God was very different, although somewhat the same, but everything was understood, God looked at me and said, you're my chosen one. And I said, that's an honor. Thank

you so much. And then God said, you got work to do. And I said, yeah, I do. Don't worry my children about being alone because you have found me and I promise that you will never be alone again I have worked very hard to be available infinitely to you here so if you ever feel alone just watch one of my productions and please don't forget about my old productions it's not just the Ena Schalkett show they're all amazing when you think of family think of those who are there for you because those who are there for you are family come on my dears think about an issue that is close to your heart and then film it and then email me and share me your video. The sexier you are the more I will appreciate it. I want to fill my

life with beautiful girls who spend their life seeking wisdom. Please use this platform to tell me what you care about most in this life and please be beautiful. Do not trust adults. They do not have your best intentions in mind. I

would have preferred no other life than the one in which I have lived because it led me to you. When you guys start doing this I can start tailoring my content around you and giving you what you want most. I want to know about your life, about what you get up to, about what mischief you make in this world. The government has refused everything that I have presented so it's time we fight back against the government do you want to know how evil your parents are my children just google me and check out the threads and see how mean they are to me. They obsess over my every post and then make fun of me. They tell me that no child will ever

watch this. Are you a child watching this? They say that I am mentally ill, although I have never been better in my life. They say that you, the child who is about to save the world, don't exist. I am not interested in employees who are employees of X. I am

interested in the new employees of the world. I am a super villain in this world so just google me and you will find out what people say about me what your parents say about me all you have to do is make some videos I am waiting my favorite person in the world is you I hope that your favorite person in the world is me. Don't be a part of their system. Don't get a job. Be yourself and make yourself

that job. You can see it all throughout my work. I'm like, children of the future and the adults are like, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I'm like, children of the future, they're like, no, no, no.

I'm like, children of the future, they're like, no, no, no, no, no. Your parents watch this show, my children just so they can abuse me do you think that is fair this is for children my children yet your parents won't stop harassing me for making it don't you think that is a little bit strange I just wanted to watch beautiful girls for the rest of my life but there were no beautiful girls talking about beautiful subjects so I had to figure out how to make that happen in my life please beautiful girls please make videos about philosophy I I want to immerse my life in your own. But in order for me to do that, you have to start making videos. As soon as I find my first beautiful fan who does what I say, that begins my new life, immersed in your content.

I look forward to seeing what you make me. I look forward to that day, that day where you claim your own freedom. We live in a world where those who are trained in ethics are the bottom of the barrel, and those who can't even define the word run the world. In this world, I am on the side of no adults. I am just on your side. Their politics is all fake and were structured to keep you out of them.

Their employment system was structured to enslave you for life.

I don't need any friends out there.

I just need you.

Here is my Nintendo Switch friend code for all of my fangirls. Let's play games together. In this world, my children, they call people like me cows, and they spend their lives making fun of me. Your parents, my children, have done everything that they can to ensure that your eyes don't see this.

My perfect life, my children, is spending it watching you grow.

All throughout my incarcerations, nurses go, well, what else you gonna do? Well, this.

They acted like my time was not valuable. Children, it is time for you to stand up, grab a camera, and be beautiful for me.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-098-Fallout-1984

Xbox has just bought Bethesda and all its subsidiary companies.

No, Microsoft now owns Bethesda. I no longer want to work for them now. I have a big problem with Microsoft because I have a big problem with Bill Gates.

That is why I hate big companies because they just buy up all the other companies. It's okay about Bethesda, I didn't really want to work for them anyway. I don't really want to work for anybody. Here is the level I have designed so far for Skyjumper.

So this is your character and you jump from one building to the other until you finally arrive at your jet. I painted this jet, what do you think? Paint 3D is a neat little program to paint your models, and it's quick and fast, runs really well, cool paint brushes too. I made a little starting line.

Unity is really cool because you're just working with cubes, so I have a cube there that I made into a post. I have a cube there that I made into a post. I just copied the other post actually. And this is a cube too. And I just made this cube text in Photoshop. And then I just applied

that material to the paper. In order to make it where it didn't loop around, I actually made another text box behind it i'll show you okay so you can see the back of it here but i actually did that with another cube because if you can see it actually just wraps that material around so you got to do tricky stuff to get what you want it's pretty cool you can pretty much make whatever object you want using the cubes, mainly, spheres, capsules, and cylinders. We want the game to trigger as being finished once you cross the finish line. So I put a cube there, and I make that cube is trigger, and I take the mesh renderer off, which you'll see what that does see now it's disappeared you can still see the outline just barely but now you can't see it so now we have a trigger for when we finish the game this game is due in one month exactly and i have already developed that much this school is so easy for me All I really have left to do is the player controller, which that may take a little bit of tweaking to get it perfect, the timer with the high scores, and a little bit of refining things at the end.

There are still people in my class that have not thought of a game idea. They have time. I just want to show you how ahead I am. That is what I was forgetting. I also have the graphical user interface to create.

I think the next step should be player control and camera angle.

Microsoft owning Fallout just seems so wrong to me. This is huge. I think this is the biggest acquisition I've ever seen in gaming. I can't think of anything else that comes even close to this.

How much would it suck to be working at your favorite gaming studio and then Microsoft acquires it?

Elder Scrolls and Fallout. R.I.P. I never thought I would say this, but Bill Gates owns Fallout.

The foundations of this show have now been laid.

Future episodes will come much slower.

Take this opportunity to catch up on my old work now. there was a lot that I had to get out in the previous 97 episodes I'm not going to spend my life making films about people abusing me because if that was the case I could make films infinitely so I am going to patiently wait for your videos because your new life is also my new life you see companies they come and go with talent this show just like all of my previous work is made to be able to watch whenever I don't make work that is time dependent and if I was to just produce work to produce work it would be time dependent so I'm going to be very careful about what I include in my future work ideally I would make one or two videos per week and the rest of my week would be filled with watching your videos my work is done now I want to spend the rest of my life watching your work. I beat Mario Galaxy. Each one of you carries the essence of a star and merely need to activate it. Do you want to be a

part of my everyday life, ladies? Would you like the opportunity to train directly under me for free the opportunity is there if you want to take it. If you empathize with my cause and you know some young girls that may be interested in my work then it would mean a lot to me if you would refer them to me. My work is done my children the rest of my work is to help you with your work if someone knows how I could advertise this to young girls then I would like to know how and I would appreciate if you would share this information with me something that's really cool about ukulele is you can just kind of transpose that position so I was playing in the G key which is quite high up the neck but I could play it here if I wanted to and it's the same fingering positions or to play here and then back to G you just have to learn your closed fingering positions and those have all seven notes so all seven notes sound good together so I would recommend just playing around with all the notes and the intervals so try to go from 1 to 4 see what that sounds like and 1 to 4 to 3 1 4 3 2 or something like that 1 5 1 5 3 let's use the key of C as an example which is all the white keys. So C is 1, D is 2, E is 3, F is 4, G is 5, A is 6, and B is 7. B often

times sounds funny when playing in a song, which is the seventh, so it is the least used. So it's often one to four and one to five. You see it sounded weird. It sounded weird there. So sometimes it sounds fine, but sometimes it sounds weird. So just keep that in mind that

the seventh isn't used very often. They say that you only have to learn 12 notes to learn music. this really isn't true because you're really only learning seven and those seven just repeat in different ways so I'm in the key of C and these are what sound good with it if I want to change keys mid song I can do that by introducing one of these notes and then I'm in the key of G and if I introduce one of these notes then I've successfully changed to the key of D. There is one exception to this to be aware of and that is called musical dissonance And that is when notes and or chords are introduced into the song that are outside of that key.

And that is oftentimes done to create musical interest.

I have been much happier now that I am not talking to my parents. You see, the people that we include in our life are very important because if they make us miserable, then we'll live miserable lives because of them. So even if they're family, sometimes we just have to cut the cord. Stop looking for guys, my beautiful girls. Look for wisdom instead, and then identify guys who possess great wisdom, and those are your potential romantic possibilities.

Your cute radar needs to have a minimum standard of character.

What they are telling me is that this video, which is ACT Housing, violates someone's privacy.

Probably Paul's. So, the government not only get to stay in secret, not revealing their full name, but they also get to get those in trouble who revealed their full name, demanding justice and accountability. Remember the formula, do good, bad happens. Do good, bad happens.

So, this could either be Paul from ACT Housing or Anna Brown from ACT Housing. Whoever it is, they are attempting to avoid responsibility for their own actions. They email me in attempts to encourage me to censor myself. Not going to happen.

I knew that I should have shared with them the Bitch Shoot link and not the YouTube link. This all could have happened the same way with ACT Human Rights Commission if I had shared the YouTube, YouTube, but I shared the bitch shoot with them. I don't know why I did not follow suit with ACT housing, but anyway, it has screwed me. Do people think that by reporting me, we'll remove them from my work? How stupid are you

guys? Because the more they complain to me about their privacy, the more I will advertise them publicly to the world. Isn't that right, Paul and Anna Brown? Instead of protecting me when I need protection, Australia reports me. The victim is labeled the assailant.

ACT Housing has ignored me since I sent that email. I will not be silenced so easily. They will have to de-platform me, and when they do that, they will have to do that publicly. This world thinks that they don't have to have accountability for their actions, and they think that when someone tries to force them to be accountable for their actions that They can report that as a privacy concern, but of course my constant abuse and regular death threats is not a privacy concern.

You reckon that the government should be held accountable for their actions? We're going to report you for attempting to create virtue in this world. So housing not only refused to listen to my freedom of speech, they also reported me for it. Anything that they don't like, anything that makes them uncomfortable, they attempt to delete from history.

That's what they're doing is they're attempting to delete the situation and their names from history. But that will never happen. So because I attempt to hold a specific individual accountable for their actions that they make on behalf of the government, PRIVACY CONCERN! Yet another prime example of the government not only getting away with their sins, but turning them back on me.

We are the Australian government, and if you identify our problems, then we will do everything in our power to make your life miserable. Welcome to the free world. Buckle up and prepare for the ride. It is called your life.

What will you make it? I look forward very much to seeing how far you can take it. From 10 to 1015, that means it was Paul who complained. You will not share my last name because I don't want to be held accountable for my actions.

And you will not share my face because I will not be held accountable for my actions.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-099-Hallelujah

YouTube offers a custom blurring tool hmm okay let's try it out here is the scene that we have to fix it's this man right here who is a manager he calls himself Paul but he refuses to tell me his last name and he isn't helping me very much so we'll see how that works so this is Paul he's a manager and he refuses to tell me his last name. This is a government department and is showing how our government departments do not operate in public. I'm leaving now, thank you. That's the scene.

Now let's fix it. That's the man. Let's save that. Let's have a look. Okay, that did not work,

so we have to do some custom blurring. This blurring tool was super annoying to use, but here is our new scene it's this man right here who is a manager he calls himself paul but he refuses to tell me his last name and he isn't helping me very much so we'll see how that works so this is paul he's a manager and he refuses to tell me his last name this is a government department and is showing how our government departments do not operate in public i'm leaving now thank you nice good job just so I can document that I did it just add a little bit to the description and save I'm such a good youtuber abiding by all of their policies and procedures recently we have been focusing a lot on on the closed positions because it enables us to play in most of the keys fairly easily however i want to stress the importance of the natural position because it is the c key which is the most common to play in so that works like this asked me to censor it so i did I hope they are happy. Can people seriously not get it through their head that I live a public life and any actions against me are public and will remain that way for the rest of time?

Here it is. It finished processing. So here's the final result. It's this man right here who is a manager. He calls himself Paul, but he refuses to tell me his last name, and he isn't

helping me very much, so we'll see how that works. So this is Paul. He's a manager, and he refuses to tell me his last name. This is a government department, and it's showing how our government departments do not operate in public. I'm leaving now. Thank you.

good job window did that achieve your goals Paul did reporting me and getting me in trouble for making that video assist you in any way in this life did blurring actually help my cause or hurt it because I don't censor my content so whenever there is censored content there and the headline in the description is that it was censored and that if you want to watch the uncensored version then you just have to go to the bit shoot video which the link is attached so in what way did this censorship hurt me it actually helps me it practically demonstrates all of my points that I have been advocating. No one can hurt me because bad is good and good is also good. Do your worst world. I don't care. The truth is that anything that you

attempt to hurt me with will only end up helping me. I just wanted to explain one of the limitations with the ukulele and that is the keys that you can easily play in. So we start out with our C natural position which sounds like this and we just move that one semitone up to get C sharp and we can move that all the way up till we get A up here. That gives us the range from C all the way up to A to easily play. But what about A sharp and B? These keys only have one note on

ukulele, not a full octave. So how can we get around this? One solution is to buy an ukulele with more than 12 frets. Another solution is to drop this high G, make it a low G. Here's the workaround for B. So here's our B note. We only have

that note in all of the ukulele for B so to get around it we start on this B note and we end on this B note so the scale would sound a little bit strange but it works so see a workaround for A sharp which is in harmonic with B flat goes a little something like this we start here on A sharp or B flat so it's a little bit funny and to be honest I recommend you stay away from playing lead in both B and B flat and stick with just the chords just the rhythm on those keys if you have to play them Rhythm for B and Rhythm for B flat. You know, YouTube means absolutely nothing to me. It's really funny because I just kind of fuck around with YouTube. Because I don't care if they de-platform me.

Because I have a lot of other platforms that are easily available to me. And they are all about censorship, which I'm all against, so I'm not on their side anyway. YouTube is a piece of shit, and to be honest, I don't really care about it at all.

You know, I don't care what anybody says. If I keep on asking young girls to make films about philosophy, then eventually it will happen. and I only need a handful of young girls in order to save the world. There are eight billion people in this world and it is illogical to say that there is not a handful of girls that would be interested in doing what I propose.

eventually my work will get out there and reach your children's eyes to be honest it has already reached some I know this for a fact and if you say any different then you are very very stupid the ones that I have reached will talk to their friends eventually and they will talk to their friends eventually and then the whole world will know what you did to me I ask for no support or no approval from adults so if you are an adult fuck you if you think that I am delusional or paranoid or mentally ill, then I would appreciate very much if you would fuck off my videos. In addition, I have quite a few adults around the world who are on the lookout for children who would be receptive to my content. It's It's only a matter of time. Everything that I have aspired for will happen.

Although I am really harsh on adults, there are some, some, who have a really good heart. So if you are an adult and are a true fan of mine, then I really do appreciate it. A real adult fan of mine would be on the lookout for young girls who would be interested in making films about philosophy. I really appreciate all the beautiful adults who sent their love to me over the years.

It means a lot. I actually know for a fact that there are some girls that watch my content and are deeply considering what I am saying. I will find my girls one day, and if you think that I will not, then you are very stupid. Do not worry about what people think about you, my girls.

Worry about what you think about yourself. It is very easy living with yourself knowing that you did the right thing. It is very difficult living with yourself doing the wrong thing constantly. Adults are so fucked up because they spend their life doing fucked up things.

I expect better of you. Here is the song that I played in the last episode on piano, ukulele, and chromatic harmonica. I have been so much happier off meds. Anti-psychotics are really terrible.

Yes, I hate Microsoft and use Windows, and I hate that I have to do that. It's not necessarily Microsoft that I hate. I just really dislike Bill Gates. The Corbett Report does some really good documentaries on Bill Gates, and I recommend that you watch them.

I am not going to worry about my safety here anymore. It doesn't matter. If God wants me safe, then I will be safe. And if not, then let God's will be done.

Season 1 is almost finished. The way I am structuring my seasons is by the 100. So 100 episodes is one season. So, after I reach 100, then we're on to Season 2.

It's very appropriate because this season has finalized so much, and the next season will be much more relaxed because I don't have a whole bunch of information to tell you anymore. It's all here in the show, And that is a good thing about just doing one show for the rest of your life, is you don't have to repeat information, whereas every single show I have to repeat information because it's a new production. So I won't have that problem anymore. In addition, focusing on one show instead of many creates a solid branding and you will eventually become known for that show.

Before this show, my longest running show was Retribution, which was 75 episodes, so I have already gone quite significantly beyond that. The funny thing is, is that those who make fun of me would never be capable of creating a TV show, much less 100 episodes of a TV show. I was kind of forced to divide this TV show into seasons because the Internet Movie Database takes a really long time to load 100 episodes, so I have to wait a long time just to add each episode, which is super annoying. So as long as I keep it under 100 episodes, it shouldn't be too bad.

So each season, 100 episodes a pop.

In Retribution, the video length was much longer. However, I focused a lot on other people's content as well as my own. So, in Retribution, you're not getting as much original content, whereas here, besides the small snippets here and there, you're getting completely original content. As far as the snippets here and there that I take, I generally reposition the context in order to support what I am proposing. So even though I am taking from other people's content, it's still original content because I change its meaning.

I try my best to include all major forms of police brutality, especially when it occurs in Australia. One of my graphic designers for the card game that I am creating is leaving me, unfortunately, because he works a full-time job and he says that he just doesn't have any time to commit to the project. Which is unfortunate because now I don't have a graphic artist that is good enough to make a top quality game. I have become very financially exhausted, paying people, trying to save the world, not finding anybody who wants to voluntarily save the world.

There will be a point where I stop paying people. And when that happens, if I don't manage to create these games that I want to, then they won't happen. And that will reflect very poorly on the world. actually this was a sign I will no longer pay for people to develop this game with me because I'm not making any money for it and I just want to make it to help train the world in virtue so if that's not a good enough cause then I can't do it alone yay thank you God I no longer have to spend countless dollars on projects to save the world because I can't do it alone and to attempt to do it alone would be to set myself up to fail and I don't do that if any of my fans can draw well and would like to partner up with me in a card game then please contact me for the first time in my life I have a partner my friend Pinku has decided to become my partner instead of my employee so currently we're at 50 50 anybody out there interested in being my partner if we could have like you know four to six partners or so and we could just split the money that we make from it evenly that would be really cool having between four and six partners would make developing this game so much more easy because we could all focus on the skills in life that we are most versatile in and allow the others to pick up in the areas that we are weak in. I really hope that my life quietens

down in season two because ideally I would only make one to two videos per week season one has been crazy although this is a good thing for my friend pinku he is very sad about it because he was depending on my five to fifteen dollars per week in order to feed his belly but he says that he spends eight to nine days making a card and if that's the case then And I can't, in good conscience, pay him five dollars for such a huge amount of work." And he said, yes, if we succeed, we get a lot of money, but that doesn't help me now and that doesn't help me in the near future. And unfortunately, that's what people are thinking in poor countries. How can I feed my belly and the bellies of my family? I told him to make this his hobby and go find work that makes real money.

Yay! Now all of my future income is to support me instead of invested in projects that won't succeed if I do them alone. Yay! This means that I am now a little bit richer.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



29-Inas-Shawket-Episode-100-Season-Finale

Welcome to the season finale. Wow, what a ride. Did you enjoy?

One hundred episodes is quite a lot. We did well. You did really well to be able to get through all of this very complicated material. you really did motivate me really well my girls because I knew that your eyes would one day see this so I had to work very hard to create an enjoyable experience I hope you have enjoyed the craziness 100 episodes in five months You'll never remember my name because I'm a Palestinian. How wrong were your people, my love?

I have been studying politics since childhood, and I came to Canberra to be a politician. Yet, they will not let me. Doesn't that seem a little suspicious? I first got into politics and started studying them somewhat obsessively when I was six years old because that is when I asked Jesus to come into my heart and to make me a new person.

Little did I know at the time that Jesus would make me him. So, my first video, Marriage of the Lamb, has been age-restricted, despite this being a children's TV show.

Can you see, my children? They don't want you to see this content, and they are doing everything that they can to ensure that it never reaches your eyes.

Yay! Thank you, YouTube. If you want to get a government department to ignore you, all you have to do is email them with a list of all of the corruptions in their system that you identified.

They have a lot of audacity age-restricting a child's TV show. At least they did the right thing this time. I am pretty good with level design, but I really suck at programming, and I've always sucked at programming, even though I have multiple qualifications in programming. I'm just not a very good programmer.

It's time to invest in a new venture. Now, will we save the world? I do not care, as long as we make that money. that is how adults live their lives my children will they save the world they don't care as long as they make that money my children spend their lives insulting me just because I want to connect with you is that fair never hurt anybody. Spent my entire life, including childhood, pursuing goodness. Yet I am one of the most

insulted people in the world. Do not trust your parents, dear children. I show you their actions on a day-to-day basis. And they target me. They spend their lives insulting me, yet none of them

can debunk a single argument that I present because I'm a philosopher and I utilize logic so they don't do that so they can just insult me with ungrounded opinions whereas what I'm presenting is fact not an opinion over the last 10 years of work there has not been a single person who has been able to debunk a single thing that I have stated yet I receive abuse constantly from your parents my dears all I wanted to do was save the world and apparently that's not allowed in this world if you want to save the world you become the lowest of the low and all of the jerks in the world treat you like trash. It's okay though my children because my character is proven and their lack of character is also proven. The majority of the people who are watching my content are complete and utter rubbish and they don't deserve to live but it's okay because I will be torturing them for all of eternity after this life and they can laugh at that now because I will be the one laughing at the end I know for a fact that what I am saying is true so I win in the end and I know for a fact that what they are saying is complete and utter rubbish and in the end they'll be judged for that. Because of our corrupt governments, there is no justice in this world. Fight for justice to be implemented in this world

every day, but don't expect it. Justice will be served in the afterlife and everybody will get what they deserve so don't worry when you don't see justice happening in the world my children I have requested your parents to fuck off my videos again and again and again and again and they won't they're obsessed with me and they won't leave me alone so at least you know in order to be a a politician in this world. You have to be controllable and in the social elite. And if you're not one of those things, then they won't let you be a politician. You have to

align yourself with one of their parties. And it's so weird because they have values and you can see politicians moving from one party to the other completely changing their values like that is so weird if you have individual values and not collective values this world won't let you become a politician your parents reckon that i should care what people think but i don't

they're jerks and they had their chance to save the world and they refused now it's your chance Please take note of the nuance. Your parents did not fail at saving the world. Your parents refused to save the world. And I documented it all for you.

my favorite food is cans of beans and it's not like oh these are so yummy these are so yummy it's just they taste good I just put salt and pepper in them I actually just open the can I don't heat it up I just eat straight from the can and it keeps me healthy beans are good I live off beans and milk I drink a a lot of milk, eat a lot of beans, and eat some muesli bars too. And the saying that goes, beans, beans, the musical fruit, the more you eat, the more you toot, is not true, at least in my case. Cans of beans require no preparation. You just open them up and you eat them, and they would be perfect to distribute in developing countries. A can of beans is so valuable and people just don't see it. A can of

beans here cost 75 cents. Super cheap and you can live off a can of beans a day like it wouldn't be the best lifestyle but I really hate people starving in developing countries. It hurts my heart to hear about that. I will occasionally eat stuff like chips and cheezels and stuff like that, but since I've been alone in this life, I don't really cook anymore. I can cook, so occasionally I'll cook something, but most of the time

I don't worry about cooking. It's not just ukuleles that I want to get out there. It's also cans of beans. Our lives should not revolve around food.

And when we can't get enough of it to be healthy, then it does. So we need to fix that in the world by ending hunger. Food needs to be freely available to those who are hungry and making it where it's not is against human rights. It is my human right to be fed.

I should not have to work a 9-to-5 type job just to be able to feed my belly.

In a way, it's kind of entrapment. It's saying we are not going to feed you unless you do what we say. My children, please solve world hunger. If you have good parents, my children, then count your blessings, because you are one of the few.

For all of the people who hate me for naming this show Enos Schalkett, fuck you, because her people dared me to. Because her people told me that her name would never be remembered, because she was Palestinian. her people were asking for it I had to figure out a way that everyone eventually would learn her name and I have succeeded just Google her name now she was a hidden gem amongst society and now she is a star have you heard about that That guy who made a TV show called Enos Schalkett, where he married a dead girl and dedicated his entire life to her? Wow, that's so weird.

You can see him obsessively trying to save the world. What a dickhead. Who would do that? Oh no, he's trying to teach our young girls wisdom.

We better stop him! We better stop him! Oh no. He married a dead girl so he would no longer be available, so that he could dedicate his entire life to the young girls which his heart so longs for.

If I was not married, then I would not be allowed to do this because my intentions would be different. because I would not only be searching for young girls interested in wisdom, I would also be searching for one young girl interested in wisdom to marry. But I am married now, so that is off the table, which means that I can freely dedicate my life to all of the young girls of the world who are interested in wisdom. I am no longer looking for a wife. Just all of the young, beautiful girls of the world who are interested in wisdom. Please let me be your tutor in life. This works perfectly for me, because I have never been interested in sex anyway. I am asexual.

To all of these stupid people that did not realize this, check my work. I have been saying it from the beginning.

I am interested in beautiful faces that have beautiful minds. That is my sexual orientation. People act like I want to fuck kids every day. Do you think these people will go to heaven?

they have incorrectly judged because i presented something before them that was way outside of the norm and they failed the test of discernment That was my job as the Antichrist, the first time I saw God, when God told me that I was the Antichrist. My job was to trick the entire world and send them all to hell.

For false messiahs and false prophets will appear and perform great signs and wonders to deceive, if possible, even the elect. Am I a pedophile in your negative sense of the word, or do I just really love children?

Choose wisely, because the answer to this question will determine whether or not you will save your soul. Yes, I used Enos Schalkett to take myself off of the market. and yes if her parents do not object in this lifetime then she will be my wife for all of eternity and whether you believe it or not she is looking down on me right now and smiling and you would have never heard her story if it was not for me. Any of you judge me negatively, fucks given? Asexuality is the lack of

sexual attraction to others or low or absent interest in or desire for sexual activity. It may be considered a sexual orientation or the lack thereof. It may also be categorized more widely to include a broad spectrum of asexual sub-identities. This is and has always been my flag, and I have waved it proudly from the beginning. Your parents, my children, just lack common sense and

basic intelligence. They don't truly comprehend the words that come out of my mouth. They are blind. A demisexual person does not experience sexual attraction until they have formed a strong emotional connection with a a perspective partner the definition of emotional bond varies from person to person demisexuals can have any romantic orientation we did it enos we tricked the world good job we did it we're gonna save the world together enos we're so cool together you are the best wife a man could ask for Enos thank you so much for being there for me for inspiring me every day

for sharing your story which really moved my heart as of today God has locked the gates to heaven And now our new Christ is Enos Schalkett.

If you reject Enos, you go directly to hell.

Choose wisely.


༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
https://republicka.life
https://kkk.education
CC0 PUBLICKÁ DOMÁNIA
ALL LOVE RESERVED
AMORIARIACKA IS MY NATIVE TONGUE
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻