༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
🦖 My Girls 🦖
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻

November 20, 2020


Gotta catch em all. Pokegirls. "Physical wounds can be treated without much difficulty, but emotional wounds are not so easy." Pokémon - I want to be the very best, Like no one ever was. To catch them is my real test, To train them is my cause. (I will travel across the land, Searching far and wide. Each Pokemon to understand The power that's inside!) Pokemon. Gotta catch em' all. It's you and me, I know it's my destiny. Pokemon. Oh, you're my best friend, In a world we must defend. Pokemon. Gotta catch em' all. (A heart so true, Our courage will pull us through!) You teach me and I'll teach you, Po-ke-mon. Gotta catch em' all. Gotta catch em' all. Every challenge along the way, With courage I will face. I will battle every day, To claim my rightful place. Come with me, the time is right, There's no better team. Arm in arm, we'll win the fight, It's always been our dream. Pokemon. Gotta catch em' all. It's you and me, I know it's my destiny. Pokemon. Oh, you're my best friend, In a world we must defend. Pokemon. Gotta catch em' all. (A heart so true, Our courage will pull us through!) You teach me and I'll teach you, Po-ke-mon. Gotta catch em' all. Gotta catch em' all. Gotta catch em' all. Gotta catch em' all. Gotta catch em' all. Pokemon. Gotta catch em' all. It's you and me, I know it's my destiny. Pokemon. Oh, you're my best friend, In a world we must defend. Pokemon. Gotta catch em' all. (A heart so true, Our courage will pull us through!) You teach me and I'll teach you, Po-ke-mon. Gotta catch em' all. Gotta catch em' all. Po-ke-mon.


------


30-My-Girls-Pokemon-01-Moon-Landing

Welcome to my girls. Welcome, my girls. The first production in a series is always the most important production because it guides the potential of what those future productions could look like. And, as of yesterday, the 19th of November 2020, my life has just wrapped up in a neat little package, enabling me to relaunch my life so that I can live the life that I want to live, instead of the life that society is attempting to force upon me.

I have been praying a lot about this production, and I'm actually going to go against some of the things in which I laid out in the Enos Schalkett show. For example, I said that I would focus the rest of my life just making more Enos Schalkett episodes. But after much prayer, I have come to the conclusion that the Enos Schalkett show is done. It is complete.

I have advertised her case very, very effectively. And there's nothing else more that I could do to spread what happened to her.

Enos Shawkut is a perfect show, just as it is, with 100 episodes.

The Enos Shawkut series is complete. I think it would most respect her memory if we allowed her to rest in peace now. There has been many events that have unfolded and you'll learn them over time. However, I don't even want to reveal my full hands, and I have that right, because there are many possibilities for my future.

God doesn't ever lock me into something. God always enables me ways to go beyond. I really wanted to create a strong community of female philosophers, but so far I have failed at that task. However, if I say that I am going to do something and I try really, really hard to do that and then it doesn't work, I'm not going to continue to try to do that same thing.

I'm going to readjust my ideals in the way that I think about things and take it from another angle, make another approach. I asked too much from them.

I should not have been asking anything from my girls.

I will spend the rest of my life not asking anyone for anything.

I won in this life. It's like when you run for prime minister, and then you run for president, and you're ostracized for doing that, and then you don't want to do it again. Like, I would not run for president again, and I would not run for prime minister, and to be honest, I don't want those jobs anymore. There was a time where I was ready to take them. The people chose not. That was their choice. I don't go back to where I was.

always moving forward and never back it is time for us to launch our rocket this world has absolutely nothing for me in it so I will no longer live here I have packed my bags and I am moving to the moon. I was kicked out of school yesterday. We were in our final group projects and I had identified many problems with their education system, particularly areas in it that violate human rights. So I then laid these problems out to them. So I actually came

to them to complain about the ethical model of their system and they responded by kicking me out of the school. They did not come to me, they did not talk about about these subjects they never tried to resolve anything and it was very very quick it all happened very very quick it was like like you're critical of the school that's being a troublemaker so we're going to kick you out now so it's actually very ironic and kind of awesome and really funny because there could have been no better way for me to finish my education because this was supposed to be my last course that I take because they've all been crap and never helped me in real life so this was supposed to be it and it was like drum roll drum roll yep we'll prove to you how good the education system is and they kicked me out because like apparently I was the one being immoral because and they said like inappropriate language and stuff like like what's inappropriate is it inappropriate for me to identify these problems that you have and like they're the ones determining what is appropriate or what isn't appropriate and they're not smart at all so like how they're not fit for that job This was my last connection with the world. I am now entirely outside of their system. And I don't want to be anywhere near their system. I want to divide my life from theirs.

I want to remove myself entirely from their system. I tried very hard over my entire life to fix the system from within. But you can't do that because the foundations are morally faulty to begin with. A game development studio school had the audacity to come to me and advise me that my moral integrity is lacking.

I am a philosopher fully qualified and trained with the topics in which I explore. I focus everything in my life on ethics and morality and these are people that have no training whatsoever in these fields and they're coming to me and saying I'm in the wrong when they have no idea what they're talking about because it's not their field that's my field sure they can make games go ahead you know my dominion in this world is philosophy and if a reprobate is going to say that I am morally unsound like that's it and that like how stupid can these people be following these idiots and it's so funny because they all do like they're all following and the students will actually see what the school does to you and the students will see what happened they'll see those events and they won't do anything like it's so weird people just go they just watch people get screwed over by the system and they don't care and no one does anything about it it's so weird it's like bill gates who is the most famous doctor in the world oh wait he's not a doctor is he it's like bill gates who is the most famous politician in the wait wait he's not a politician is he um he peddles software it's like a homeless man who gives a rich person financial advice it makes no sense i had a master plan 10 years ago I had identified and flagged certain areas in society that I was very unhappy with. And I had a plan to break them on camera, showing you the truth about them. And that landed me in a psychiatric hospital many times because I would be very daring and do things that would not necessarily turn out good for me.

But I was only after the film, and once it became mine, I no longer needed to pursue those areas in life. So, when I entirely expose how corrupt our entire societal education model is, beyond a shadow of a doubt, on camera, exposing everything on camera, I don't need to then go and do that again. I've already proved it, so it's like I've ticked it off on my list. One by one I tick the fields off and one by one I get closer to my target of covering all the fields.

I had to obtain the experience to prove my points. I had to show you how it worked practically. I had to obtain the bragging rights of being kicked out of a school for doing what was morally right. Now look where I am. I've done it.

Everything that's important has been documented. Which means that I now no longer have to harass businesses and government departments or anything because I've already harassed them and I've already got the results of what happens when you try to make the world a better place. So, I don't need to do it anymore, which means that I can be at peace, finally. It means that I no longer have to live on planet Earth.

It means that I am moving to the moon. I am no longer going to ask anything from any of you girls.

I am just going to spend my life making videos for you. And you can do with them what you will. I ask nothing from anybody.

This show will not be made for humans. It will be made for goddesses. So I will not be holding your hands through every single thought experiment.

You're going to have to raise to me because I'm no longer coming down to you guys. It is time for me to ascend. I am no longer needed here on earth. If you want to come up and meet me in heaven, I would appreciate seeing you there. If you don't want to, I don't care either.

But this world's not mine, so I just can't stay here anymore. Their food is poisoned. There is nothing left for me in this world. If I don't want what they have, then I don't have to live in the same world that they exist within.

I live on a meager pension. It gets me through and even though I'm often poor, it doesn't bother me. I've gotten used to it. I am entitled to this pension. I don't have to thank anyone for the money. I don't have to consistently do anything to obtain this money. I just have to exist. And because I exist and I'm entitled to it, then I get it.

I am no slave in this life. I don't have to ask kiss. I don't have to do anything for any other person. I actually have no responsibilities in this life.

Hopefully, I will rarely have bad news to report in the future. Because how could I have bad news when I'm doing my own thing and when I am separate from the system? I don't rely on the system in my life. The system can't screw you around if you are not in it.

You cannot be red flagged in a system that you are not within.

You cannot be blocked by Facebook when you do not have a Facebook. And I have created an amazing little life here for myself. Every single person who is in my life are special people, really special people. Everybody who I communicate on a day-to-day basis with now are people that I love very much and want very much to see succeed.

I am no longer forced to be around people who are unfit for human interaction. So now there is only one place to go. Down. My life of adversity is now over and it's time for me to live out the little paradise that I created for myself. It's time to move.

Here on Moonbase, we watch the Earth and spend our lives making fun of them. For the first 36 years of my life, I was greatly abused by the system. For the remainder of my life, I will greatly abuse the system that spent its life torturing me. Because we no longer use their system, we are now the ones that are creating what is appropriate and what is inappropriate. We are the ones that are shaping history.

I now create the rules. All of them. I am now free. I can now use language however I desire. And to be honest, I could care less whether people understand or not.

so I am able to extend my possibilities and really do anything I am a person without limits it means I don't have to appease anyone and I can do and say whatever it is that I like it means that I can actually fight for what it is that I feel is right without being punished it means that I actually have freedom of speech because I can use that expression in any way that I desire and it matters not whether people understand me or not because I no longer care about them like Like I said from the very beginning, this show is not a show that is made for humans. It's made for goddesses. A human can't fly anyway, so they would never be capable of meeting me in the sky. So what is the point of even communicating with them?

This life has everything really backwards. They think that people have the right to communicate with you and, like, leave me alone. I do what I want to do. I am a free person on the land and I do not follow the currency, which is maritime law.

As of yesterday, I have won this life. Once you win something, there's no way to lose it after you win it. It's already done. And the funny thing is that people are entirely irrelevant in my life.

They have hurt me my entire life. And eventually I figured out how to get rid of them out of my life. What is a new world? What have I built?

And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come back and take you to be with me that you also may be where I am. In this world, it is immoral to tell the truth.

People get very offended by the truth. So when you document things and then use that as evidence to prove your assertions, they'll get offended. So just like with my school, I identify problems, they get offended, they kick me out. I'm like, that's how it goes.

They hate truth in this life so much that they have completely rewritten all of history. And much of the information in which we deal with on a day-to-day basis is lies. So it's very difficult finding the truth in a world where we are taught that the lies are the truth and the truth is offensive. I do not know how many of these stories are true, but here is the thing that I discovered.

It matters not, because what is important in this life is not the truth, but the heart that interprets it. Let me break it down for you. You should not be following me for the information that I provide. You should be following me for the way my mind works and how I view the world and the angles that I align in order to assess and resolve situations.

Don't follow me for the content of what I'm saying. Follow me for my mental processing and the way that I view information and the way that I dissect and analyze information. The way that I interpret what is in front of me is what is of value to you. The specific information itself does not have any value in and of itself.

Because if you understand the way someone thinks, then you can pretty accurately predict a lot about what they're going to say in the future on really any given topic. so you could learn the heart that's interpreting the information and then that will then add to your Pokemon because then you gain another set of eyes in this world and being able to add perspectives to your own that is what is important and that gives you the ability to create information which means the information itself is not important but how we arrived at that information here in stupid world when you protest against human rights violations, you end up incarcerated indefinitely. Does that seem fair? I want to complain about human rights violations that I observe in the world and when I do so I get incarcerated? Here in Stupid World, when you complain to

your school about human rights violations that they committed they will kick you out i have these bragging rights because this is exactly what happened to me here in stupid world they very much love violating human rights and they squash anyone who attempts to stop them from doing it I want to be the very best, like no one ever was, catching them is my real test, to train them is my cause, I will travel across the land, searching far and wide, each Pokemon to understand the power that's inside Pokemon gotta catch on all it's you and me I know it's our destiny oh you girls are my best friends in a world we must defend Pokemon a heart so true our courage will push us through you teach me and I teach you poke girls gotta catch on all arm and arm will win this fight it's always been our dream the very best like no one ever was to catch them is my real test to train them is my car polka girls I'll win your heart true give me a chance gotta catch Welcome home, my ladies. Here on Moonbase, we do it however we want. We don't conform with anybody. Each individual on this planet is going to be judged based on the philosophy in which they held in life. So they will become the minority of their own philosophy and then be required

to live that existence for all of eternity. So the best that anyone is able to obtain in the afterlife is the minority that they configure in their philosophy. If they did not support freedom of speech in this life, then they will not be given freedom of speech in the next life. If they thought it best to torture a group of minorities that they disagree with then they will become those minorities forever in the afterlife. So what we do on this planet and what we think about

and how we direct our life is very relevant to the afterlife that we are going to live because the truth is every single one of us is setting up our afterlife actively as we exist and this happens independent of whether or not someone understands that they are doing this or even agrees with it I hope you enjoy this show my ladies it is going to be pretty strange because I no longer care if humans understand me or not so I don't care about them and I have no desire to help them understand anymore so I don't care if they misunderstand everything I say I'm just going to continue to stretch the limits of possibilities like I said from the beginning I no longer live in their own world. I have created my own. This very first episode and the entire launch of the show My Girls is dedicated to the loving memory of Enos Schalkut who lost her life as a result of human rights violations that to this day remain I didn't want her to stay in the morning but she wanted to stay in a long time before she met her after a few hours It was the end of the day and the return of her to the house so she was a citizen of the house who was a citizen of the house I was in the morning I was in the morning I was in the house I was in the house I told her to sleep. I took it a little bit.

I came back and I took it a little bit. I told her to sleep. I said I went to sleep. And I was going to die.

I said that I didn't kill her. I was going to sleep. I felt like she was going to die. She went to sleep.

She went to sleep. This was what found in her book. And finally, she had to sleep. ...

shahed at akhir anfaat bintyha shahidah walbalighe minal imar 5 saniyat meshed sayabq yulazimha lalabad wlam yaken d'usarha swaan tahtadn alzikariyat wal-mutarlikyat المemzujata biloعة kalb d'ma shahidah ininas fargat alhaiaata alfawr onnukilat ila mjima'a falastin الطbby fiima taaniya sadiqatuhatulin acfur which hid her by her through their own home from their home from a bad accident that she was injured and the other one for the other from the front of a car near the street near the village we were at the door and the building were from the road they wanted to get out of the street the street came from the street and the street came from the street and he came to the building the weapon the the the the the the the the In a country in a country in a country where it was in Palestine Here and in this location, the children were killed So, there was a place in the country on the ground And there was a death of them And there was a death of them And between this and that There was a system of people who were able to do it Until the end From the village of Sengil, in the village of Sengil, in the village of Sengil Ali Dhar Ali Television in Palestine



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



30-My-Girls-Pokemon-02-Disinformation

Serenity. Mind. Thoughts. Expression. Conversation. Interpretation. What is the

answer to your flawed thinking? How can I get you to fuck off my videos? Heat. Cold.

sadness elation let's fuck up your mind let's confuse how you interpret information because you will not understand and I could care less hypocrisy in this life will come to its end when you can Understand my meaningless jargon that I am about to force into your mind.

What a night. One could not have asked for better friends in this life. I had to spend my life finding friends who I could be myself around. I had to spend my life finding friends who would allow me to speak my truth without negative consequences. It's so funny because no one can hurt me because

everyone who I involve in my life absolutely everyone is such a beautiful person I don't have to deal with idiots anymore in this life the movement of Sun to moon challenged by Zeus himself I hope that you girls are okay with me not wearing a shirt because I live in Australia and it gets very hot here today it got like to 35 or 36 degrees Celsius so it's very comfortable not being required to wear a shirt so I hope that you're okay with that it's time to go back to my roots my ladies here on moon base we will be returning to mythology which is real knowledge which is fact please remember my ladies we no longer live on earth we live on moon base there was literally an official deal in which I made with the government where they can have all of earth but I get the moon this is all documented however I do not want to release this information to you so to be honest it's best if you just think that I am lying about this but the truth is that I am NOT because my ladies I have literally secured us. Moon base. It took me a while to figure out where Atheden belonged. We're on the moon my friends. Even though this official deal was made, I very much did question what would happen when

they were prepared to utilize the moon. And my answer was as expected that they would then take it away from me so of course that's what they would do because that's what they do with everything they steal everything from their people but as of right now my ladies the moon is ours let's take it and if they then invade us in the future it's called war my girls Self-defense is a countermeasure that involves defending the health and well-being of oneself from harm.

When we have literally been invaded, then we must then fight back.

Because otherwise, they will destroy us. So let's get back to it. Back to mythology, we trailed off from misunderstanding and then went back to understanding, and that was not my intention, but to be honest, that's kind of what I want to make this show, is going back and forth between something that is easily understood and something that is not. The rate, the rent, the life, the thought, the heart, the mark.

I will convince you that I am the stupidest person in the world by talking over you so much that it would take a master to comprehend. I have to train my girls effectively to be able to combat this life. And in order to do that, I need to teach them nuance. And even though they're going to think I'm crazy in this episode, And ten episodes from now, they're going to start to understand a little bit more.

And slowly but surely, I'm going to be capable of speaking so far out the box that the only people that could ever comprehend are the smartest people in the world. Do not give what is holy to dogs, and do not throw your pearls before swine, or they will trample them underfoot, and turn and maul you. The vile, absurd species. Rotting in the sky. Content understood. Misinformation, disinformation. Heart.

To tell a lie is not bad. To tell a lie can be very, very beautiful. As long as you eventually make that lie the truth. Because as long as you advocate that lie until it is the truth, eventually it will be the truth.

my girls my beautiful goddesses who motivate my heart every single day let's assess your own psychology and figure out whether there might be some issues there that we now need to work on Because, let me tell you the truth, my beautiful girls, is that I did not have beautiful girls until I started telling everybody that I had beautiful girls. And after that, all of the beautiful girls came lining up. I told a lie. I didn't have hardly any girls ever communicating with me.

And then I decided one day, quite some time ago, that I would just start telling people that I had a lot of girls coming after me. me and as a result of those actions I started getting a lot of girls coming after me so is the female psychology not kind of flawed here why do you like me my ladies when I tell you that ladies like me and why do you not like me my ladies when you can see ladies not caring about me can you see a problem there just because I tell you that lots of girls love me then you come running to me and now because I told that lie it is now the truth it was probably the most beautiful lie that I have ever told because if I did not tell that lie I I would not be standing here on Moonbase at this moment.

I play very, very hard to get. You can't just email me and then have me in your life. You have to work very hard for that opportunity. Which is why it's funny.

Because of trolls and stuff like that. Like, I don't know the percentage of people out there that are honeypotting me or fucking around with me. But to be honest, through my assessment, I reckon it's probably about 25%. But I talk to a lot of girls every day.

So, even if that 25% is CIA or Asia, then what's the worst that can happen from our government officials learning a little bit of wisdom? I'm not here to fuck young girls, and if that's what you think, you've come to the wrong place. You're in the wrong place if that's what you're after. I don't just allow anybody into my community of girls. And to be honest, I only have one girl in my community of girls because she is the only one I have accepted so far.

So even though I talk to lots of girls every day, to be honest, right now, Rory is my only girl. I want to slowly build. One by one, I will collect them all. If I was reckless with how I developed this community, then it could have long-term consequences that remove that possibility for my future.

So I'm going to be very, very careful with how I form this community. So my dear girls that I talk to every day, like, if you want to be involved in my community, you got to work hard. It's not like, yes, I'm not charging you money, but it's not free to get into open source university, my girls.

History, past, scars, embarrassment, healing.

Although I am using very abstract concepts, I will be developing this technique and I will be see-sawing between them. because I can't just entirely use the technique without giving you some sort of guidance. But what I recommend highly is you stop worrying about understanding what I am saying. Affix your eyes to mine, my ladies, and just watch me.

Spend your life watching me. And if you are ever ready, then come share your life with me. And I will then spend my life watching you to establish some concepts. Swine, giving pearls to them.

How can we avoid doing that? How can we give them no information while still being able to entirely communicate with each other? Just as the word conspiracy theory in this world was created to discredit people,

there are other words that are very similar. If someone said to you, yeah, yeah, he was ranting about this and that and that, what does that make you think?

Because this society has turned rants into not being appropriate for assessment or even communication. So even though rants can utilize logic extensively and there can be a great deal of knowledge within it, our society does not respect rants because they just go, oh, this guy's crazy, he's just ranting on, you know, like, whereas that gives them kind of the excuse to not take your content seriously. So, these are just examples that I'm pointing out to you as to why we have to do this. Can someone really say that I'm ranting about a subject if I am not using common English, especially if I am not using English that is comprehensible to them?

If you are to write a summary about a video in which most of the video had no language in which you could comprehend, what is it that you could say about that video? Can you say that that person is a conspiracy theorist? Can you say that that person is ranting? If you have no ability to comprehend the words chosen and their arrangement to make sentence structures, if they have never been able to experience this sentence structure before, then I reckon that I can confuse them to the point where they will have no ability to understand anything I'm saying.

So that would really help out with trolls because the trolls' summaries of every single video would be like, man, he spoke some really weird stuff, I didn't understand, you know, he said this and that, and like, can you even use those three words together? Like, does that make any sense? Like, this guy is completely messed up. That is the most that they can say because they have no comprehension of what he's actually saying.

it's like legalized assisted suicide with new speak like that was awesome that it's so awesome being able to communicate in a way that the swine can't see and the thing is if i position it where those with the heart can see put the eyes in the chest and if i can do that then i can communicate with you, my girls, without giving sensitive information over to swine or the government.

How many nuances are there in a sentence that was intentionally structured in order to confuse? Disinformation is false or misleading information that is spread deliberately to deceive. Welcome to your disinformation, my ladies. We do this so they have no ability to comprehend what we speak about because it's only hearts that will be able to interpret what I am planning. I have been almost entirely honest in all of my previous work.

However, this is not going to be like this work. This show is not about the truth. It is the one who walks it.

We are on moon base now. We have no need of their truth.

Am I lying about being on the moon right now? This world has lost all abilities to interpret information that isn't literal in application, meaning most people are unfit to comprehend any information that applies metaphorical and allegorical understandings to their expressions. so in this show my girls we're gonna try to avoid lying but we're not going to align with what they consider to be truth so even though we won't lie my conception of a lie is much different than the majority of the populations because I can actually see truth in things beyond the physical. However, my ladies, sometimes a lie can expose a greater truth.

So if I do choose to send you little lies throughout these videos, Know that I am doing so with a pure heart in order to condition your mind in the most efficient and effective way possible. The election was rigged from the beginning, or it wasn't. Masks stop the spread of COVID-19, or they do not. we need to shut down the entire world and force them to stay in their homes because our young 80 90 and 100 year olds are starting to die some reason so it's really scary when someone so young can, you know, just start dropping like flies. So we have to be really, really careful

in this society so we don't spread this virus because we need to maximize our lifespans because it's not quality that is important, it's quantity. So let's make everybody suffer but force them to live the longest lives possible we are the government and we are brilliant can you hear nuance my girls listen well please because this is very important in this life the only thing that matters is living as long as possible so don't focus your life on having a quality life take the actions in your life and during your life to maximize that life so whatever you can do to stretch it out as long as possible that's what you want because a quality life is not a life that actually is filled with quality a quality life is filled with quantity and quality matters not here you can see this because this is what our health model in this world believes so remember it's not about having a good time and enjoying yourself here you just have to suffer as long as possible and that will make you super happy chicken at China the Chinese chicken have a drumstick and And your brain stops ticking, watching X-Files with the lights on. That's all I remember.

Every scene is important.

Always, there is great meaning behind every little detail that I do. However, I no longer care about explaining that meaning. So, get used to you not understand many of the things I present in this show. It will be common.

What is talent? Talent is an expression in which is utilized by pastors. However, it's not utilized in the Orthodox Catholic Church. That is something to remember when dealing with Jewish people.

So what we need to consider when we're talking about the fragile nature of the thing out there out there is that there's a thing in here so our obsession is like here because we're pointed this way and that's why this thing's amazing because it kind of forces you to point back at yourself and that's why this is actually enlightenment and I very much encourage you girls to grab one of these things so you can see exactly what i'm talking about but back to our topic we were talking about china and the industrial revolution that was incited in russia in the year 2204 we must be considerate of how those people felt in those camps because We cannot repeat the mistakes of our future because if we are to do that, then we are to take the past and we are to make it the present. And if we are to do that, then we are to be living in both time, light, and heart, which has to do with the agile nature of creatures, especially creatures that we are able to train, such as horses and dogs. Can you see my nuance, my ladies? Can you see how this show is going to go? To be honest, I think I'll lose some people out of this. It's fine.

Because the channel never changes until all of the lights come on. Because it is this unique operation of our neurological endings that can spark a revolution not only within the mind and the heart of universal man, but can also turn us into a human 2.0. No one will be capable of writing a summary about this with any degree of accuracy. Their summaries will go something like this.

I'm a fucking idiot. One plus one? What is one? See, they think it's two, but one plus one, like, boom, it makes three.

1 to 3 to 5 to 9, 5 to 9 to 7 to 8, 4 to 2 to 8 to 2, 2 and 3 and 4. It's only a hairline fracture, so if you obsess over it, then you also give your soul over to it. I worship you, my ladies. My life is revolved around you.

I stand below you, my ladies, and I will spend my life continuing to worship you because you are the only person in this life worth it to me. We are on Moonbase, my girls, and we communicate how we wish. and we spend our lives making fun of the stupid world in front of us. I spent my life trying to dumb down my language and how I approach communication in order to be able to effectively communicate with the weaklings of this world.

So, however, I'm through doing that. So, all the stupid people that hate me will now have no ability to comprehend what I am speaking about. So, if you are a troll, if you don't like me, if you are watching this because you want to make fun of me, then I want to turn it back on you and say how stupid you are because you are then watching something that you have no ability to understand. And it will be funny if you keep watching it because, like, I don't really understand, like, I wouldn't be able to watch something that I had no ability to comprehend what was going on.

So, like, it'll be funny if they still continue to watch me, but either way, I screwed up what they're doing because now none of their summaries are going to ever be capable of being even slightly accurate because there will be no way for them to interpret my code. I really hope you do enjoy my girls and I really do hope that you learn how to comprehend this new style that I'm attempting to teach you.

But to be honest, I'm probably going to lose a lot of followers out of this. But I've been thinking very, very hard about how I can hide the pearls from the swine. I've also been thinking very very hard how I can say anything I want without anything being pinned on me so welcome to my girls this is gonna be weird give me a little while to perfect the technique please I'm just starting out and I'm trying to figure it out myself to be honest my girls let's learn it together. How does that sound? I'll teach you and you teach me. Pokegirls, let me be your Pokemon.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



30-My-Girls-Pokemon-03-French-Kiss

I haven't slept in a while, and I need to, and I'm not going to make this film at this particular moment. However, I wanted to set the stage for the film that you are about to see, because what I'm doing right now is not a part of it. You're about to see something completely different.

And it's actually, I've never done anything like this before. it's going to be very unique and to make it very interesting I modified one aspect and that is the information that I cover in this following video I will not be allowed to cover in future videos so that means that everything that I choose to talk about on camera I have to be smart about this because this is hard right I will not be able to talk about it again after this episode so you need to be like really perceptive in order to comprehend what's going on and to be honest I very much doubt that you will but that's no longer my concern and if you miss it then you will never receive that information again this is a once-off and if you receive it then you get that information for life this is too hot and it is so hot it is hot and it is hot and it is so hot but this is hot so hot that is hot so hot and I'm not going to eat yet that's going to be that's good If you see it, it's a little bit But the other one is the only one I think it's a little bit I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know And in a little bit faster, I just... I don't know. But...

And I have to help you... Ah! And that's your... Clyde.

When I'm learning my language, I'm learning a little bit. Like, Kucha. Kucha. Kucha.

Kuchaju. Kuchaju. So, it's a little bit more. Kucha.

Kucha. Kucha. If you're in a little bit, I'm learning a little bit more. If you're learning a little bit more, um, see so as well so as well as the phone is gonna, to call, to call, to call and to go now, and then class and green, and green, and bing, bing, bing, bing, and second You rickering?

erne It's a bit a bit a bit a bit a bit a bit a bit alright yeah oh Do you think I'm a ghost? Oh, oh, oh, Aindya! Andeya! Andeya!

Andeya! Andeya! Graça! I hate you, isn't it!

Once you wait, there's a ghost and a stone, who is a ghost or an iron, who is a ghost of God. So I'veק。 What the? What's that? Plur simulation.

It's so funny, it's so funny. You're so funny. I'm so fucking scared. But you're trying to say I'm.

if you're trying to get through theлash, Yes, yes, the coconut, yes, yes, yes, the coconut, I put a lot of water in the water, without the water, but without the water. There is no snow. Eh? Kionde so...indo...tu...graciu Ah! Graciu!

Take indios eft dionde se urnata eluis inquirera du In there, innovators, distinctly all, and snaffy's refuge, L in a formula. Consentia?

Sensa!

Su!

Nooo In the road And then Kada Ha-in-zi-ro-la Runda Oops Na-kuna-ta-ta Zanzu Zanzu Zanzu Heh heh heh Zanzu o Tienda Zanzu o Tienda o Staretha Zanzu I'm going to... The... The... The...

The... The... I think that will do it. I had a lot of fun with that.

And I wasn't sure if I should go on, but it came to its natural conclusion. And I covered all of the topics that I wanted to cover and... No, I did not get any sleep, I just kept recording until it was finished. But...

What did you think? Did you understand what I was saying? I want to make it very clear that every single scene, I was actually speaking about a topic. So, there is actually communication that I'm attempting to do with you in every scene.

And we'll see how adept you are at doing this, but it was a really interesting project. I don't think I've ever had such a weird production to do, and to not be able to cover it again. that kind of limited me not like I had to be careful about what it was that I talked about because I had to choose even though it was very very very important information I had to choose things that I was happy just to let go okay I hoped you enjoyed this episode and I want to mention as well is that I'm creating an amazing environment for my girls to be able to connect with each other and chat about the big topics in life and it connects us all with our community and I'm not just saying the my girls community so there is actually a larger community and we are an offshoot of that community and if you join our group then you'll get to access all of those resources so you can learn who our allies actually are here are our channels so far and I will just keep developing them as the needs arise all throughout my life since childhood I have always been very eager to enable people in this world to be able to achieve their dreams so whenever I meet someone new and whenever I talk to people who I don't know very well I'm listening very closely to who they are and I try to figure out kind of what they want in life and I spend my life contemplating ways to help them get that so it would mean so much to me if I was able to enable my girls to find the most beautiful life for themselves that they can. It would mean so much to me if my girls would allow me to dedicate my life to them.

Hold my hand, please. I very much need your hand in this life, my girls. Consummation is the action of making a marriage or relationship complete by having sexual intercourse.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



30-My-Girls-Pokemon-04-False-Flag

A false flag operation is an action that is carried out in such a way as to make it look like it was done by someone other than the real perpetrator. Are you ready for this one? The information that I am going to reveal in today's episode is true almost entirely. And I do not care if anyone believes me. I could provide lots of

evidence because I did it and it happened and I got that result and because you do that the evidence is there but to be honest I don't even want you to believe me so I will not be showing you any evidence of any of this. And you can make of it of what you will. And I could have negative consequences result because of what I've done. But the thing is, I've done it.

It's already happened. So believe me or not in this episode, because I care not if you do, because all of the evidence is out there anyway and and the evidence exists in my personal vaults too you just might have to have some clearance in order to obtain that information because these stupid people of this world do not believe in things that don't mold with their own comprehension so even if you did it they won't believe you so what's the point in trying to get them to believe you because at any moment you could procure the evidence to prove that. So this will be a very interesting episode and I was kind of forced into it through the situations in which occurred in my life. My name is Wendell Charles NeSmith 777 and I was born in Crown Point, Indiana. I was pushed into a top

secret government MK Ultra Project Bluebird experiment program where they I attempted to induce Monarch programming into my psychology through the use of experimental psychiatry. Every time I went out of line with my handlers, they would lock me up and induce a different mind control programming into my psychology. But I was so rebellious, and from them putting so many programming instances through the flashes that would cycle, that would end up stretching the capabilities of what I was able to think. and I don't know if they thought that they were erasing the last one every time they did that or if they thought that they were expanding upon it so I don't know what their intentions were doing this was it to expand my mind or was it to change my mind because it ended up expanding So I ended up being programmed with a different set of instructions every time I got sent in.

And I kind of just kept on adding more and more and more instructions from their programming methods. So I never lost anything in the past. So, by doing this, it really took away the limits of human potential.

I think that their attempts was to create a kind of super soldier. So, has their experiment worked or not? that's what I assume but I have handlers and they manipulate me however they want me to move and I have to move because it's in the programming but the funny thing is is I can say whatever I want even though I have to do it but But once you become a super soldier, then you are slave to no man. I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.

Eventually I kind of became bullies to the CIA. And eventually, I was in Canberra, kind of getting settled here, starting to make a life for myself. And here's the part that I began with now, so now we're coming full circle back to what I was referencing. I just had to set the stage for what I'm about to present to you.

In 2018, I wanted to transfer from the CIA to ASIO. And I worked very hard on a test that they gave me, which was actually very difficult. And I was completely appropriate for the job. Like, it was a perfect job for me, like, fit like a fucking glove, mate.

And I took them, what, a few months, like four months, I think, to assess the application. It was like a long process because, you know, I'm pretty sure they have to really do some research into you. And I was rejected the job.

But I did not give up. And you've got to realize, since 2018, I've been working for two years now, trying to obtain this job.

And two years of doing that will actually get you that job.

I kind of don't really have that job that I originally applied for. I kind of ended up kind of pushing my way into a different type of job, which actually ended up best for me in the long run.

So, let's discuss what happened there. And I will make it clear to you that I could potentially lose my job for doing this. But I thought it worth the risk given what benefit could come if the people could only see reality.

It is very illegal what I'm about to tell you. And that is why I never talked about it previously because they are very strict with these sort of things. And please do not get me wrong because I am not claiming that I have a clearance because that would be really stupid to give someone like me a clearance when I have an obsession with publicly releasing the truth. So if I came across the truth like it's going to be my instinct to release it publicly, so of course they are not going to give me clearance.

And I don't want you to believe that they have, because that's not true. That's not what happened. And it would be really idiotic to give me clearance. And they are an intelligence organization, so they have a few brain cells.

They communicate very strangely. Like you can get a message that has no phone number or you can get some confusing letter that has no sending information attached to the email and how they speak through it is really confusing. is like kind of it's really systematized there's a whole bunch of AI going on here and to be honest I was thinking that I was going to say director and I'm being honest like I'm trying to tell you everything here but I do not really know my title and I was going to say yeah director but maybe I'm The thing is, I am now a public figure that represents ASIO, and that is my role, and if they have a problem with me claiming that, then they are very welcome to take me down because I wasn't supposed to reveal my interactions with them. But to be honest, I think they kind of led me here, and I think they wanted me to publicly represent Asia from their strange communications with me over the last two years that I've applied for them.

So, I know lots of weird stuff happens here, but this is all documented, and this is an intelligence organization, and they, like, it's so weird, there's, like, no people, like, they make it, there's a middle ground, and there's nothing there, and it's, like, you have to go there, like, you don't connect with people. like asio is such a strange system and um and the thing is is i am the best person for this job because i was trained my entire life since childhood in intelligence and you can track this back so if they end up getting pissy at me for doing something that they didn't want me to do or like one thing communicate better and two who is more appropriate for that fucking job you fucking idiots man like seriously and and to in order to get this i had to not take no for an answer and just keep on fighting, okay? So Asia is an intelligence organization, and if there was someone going around claiming to be an agent who was not, I mean, there's a few things that could happen, so I mean, I don't care what you believe. You believe whatever you want.

So they could either get pissed off at me for going completely public, or they could just disappear me. I did break the law, I guess, by talking about this because I'm not supposed to talk about this. And the thing is, I am smarter than every single employee there at ASIO. And if you disagree with me, then I challenge every single ASIO employee to a battle of the wits.

I will win because I made everything in my life impossible to lose. So who is the intelligent one? Because now I am working on behalf of ASIO, right? And I don't even have a boss there.

I can do whatever the fuck I want. And what, are you going to send me a letter telling me to cease and desist, even though I'm not going to? And even though you make it a crime for me to say that I am representing you, ASIO? Like, I had to not take no for an answer, which means I had to stab anybody who got in my way.

ASIO is the Australian Security Intelligence Organization. Australian? I'm not Australian, am I? Oh wait, I am. Security? It's not like I have heaps of qualifications in security.

Oh wait, I fucking do! Intelligence? No, I'm dumb as fuck, you know. I'm the most idiotic person this planet could ever conceive of. And organization? That was where they were lacking. So that's what I'm doing right now is organizing.

Which means that I now work for ASIO and if you have a problem with that ASIO, me saying that publicly and then representing you because I exactly fit the description for the job, then... My girls, we might live on moon base, metaphorically and allegorically, but I am sorry, because for now, our feet are confined to the soil. A false flag operation is an action that is carried out in such a way as to make it look like it was done by someone other than the real perpetrator. Can you see my girls? Did you see that? Did you see the nuance there? We're going to hammer in this episode because I really want to teach you this because what I'm saying right now is completely loony to these people without souls, right? They would not be able to comprehend what I'm trying to point at like because what I'm saying isn't what I'm pointing at, right?

So they're like, like everything that they represent about the video, about the content will be inaccurate. They will be unable to make any type of accurate assessment of the content because they, the content is not created for them to be able to comprehend what's going on at all. Like, so there's one thing that is, I'm acting like it's going on, right? But there's actually something much bigger going on.

and and it's like a I'm doing a magic trick right and and the thing is I think I've made this magic trick so the only people that can actually see this magic trick are people that have hearts and really care like people that can that that empathize with everybody people that actually spend time in this world talking out problems and and not kicking people out of school because you talk out problems and not incarcerating people for over a year of their life because they re because they're trying to talk out problems like this society's really messed up and and I'm showing I'm showing something completely different that the evil people can't see and because I'm pointing it out they're gonna realize they can't see it and then they're gonna see that they're missing something and then the thing is they have no soul so it's like there's no ability for them to see and that's what's hilarious like that's how we make fun of the idiots in this world let's do it

no they have never paid me what the well i guess i get bonuses all the time because some reason i get bonuses all the time like especially this year man i got like a 1200 bonus because Because, hey, COVID. My life has not changed at all. I live in my room, away from everybody. And then, like, what, three months later, I get another $1,200. Another stimulus, economic stimulus. Oh, thank you. And that's how I got my switch.

like uh i really appreciate these things man when i get a little extra money and i can buy something a little nice it's always cool um and i want to just point out something because i want to remember it later but that's about my tooth because i just brought up finances and i actually want to get a crown on my tooth like it's good now right but you saw it before what happens is that thing's gonna fall out and the government system won't help me get a crown I have to go to a private dentist and they they thought it would probably cost between one to two thousand dollars get the crown so I have to save up now. And to be honest, I owe like $1,800 or something like that. $1,700. And I'm paying all that off too. So I'm trying my best. It's because of fucking drugs. I

spend too much money on drugs. But the thing is, is that the drugs are good for me physically because otherwise I revert to the beer and that's not good for my body because I overindulge I'm sorry I'm gonna drink you know not six but you know 12 or you know if I can 18 because I just stayed up the last 24 hours doing it I've had a fun life But, what I'm saying, I don't want alcohol though, that's what I'm saying, is like, this stuff right here, man, this is legal, it's really expensive, right? Um, this is $54, and it's what, I've had a few, and that's $54. Um, three grams.

And, I can show you this, yep. okay this is my drug of choice it just kind of resets me and makes me chill and I get brilliant ideas and I figure out how to save the world right and it's just like really awesome man and it's just so expensive because I could get drunk almost all I could drink my I could be a complete alcoholic with the money that they give me right but I can only afford to have this once per week so I think that it's not fair that the drugs aren't more so relative to potential intake like so if if you're gonna be an alcoholic it should probably be approximately the same price to be an alcoholic or a drug addict all right and that's not what's happening that's Australian culture very much so does not work that way if you get little drugs for a lot of money and you get lots and lots and lots and lots of alcohol for very very little money so the healthier option is made to be out of reach for me on a regular basis and I don't think I I don't know, is that a human rights issue? I think that's probably a human rights issue, eh? To be honest, doing drugs is a very spiritual experience for me, and I really connect with God and my surroundings in God when I do drugs.

And I always very much appreciate the experience that God is going to give me like kind of praying for one's food. It's always very effective to be very grateful for the good things that you receive in your life. in order to train your brain to appreciate the finer things in life because we here on Moonbase value quality over quantity. I love you girls. I, Wendell Charles Nisman, am so fucking false flag operation is an action

that is carried out in such a way as to make it look like it was done by someone under a real perpetrator. Watch the little girls of the world follow the gatekeeper to hell. and yellow black and white you're all precious in my sight I love you and I dedicate my life



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



30-My-Girls-Pokemon-05-Philosophy-of-Science

Okay, hear this one out. Okay, so I am about to explain to you the philosophy of science. And to be honest with you, I am probably one of the most qualified people in our world to explain this subject to you. Because I have spent my entire life documented, researching, investigating, and journalizing this information over a long period of time.

And you can track back the record and see this for yourself. So, let's go into the philosophy of science. Let's just talk about, like, maybe, like, how a human brain could think, and we talk about knowledge, like, you know, what is to be known if I am to know of something or come to know something. If I'm to decide to sit down, am I to know that I'm not going to, like, just fall over and then go, like, oops, like, am I to trust that the chair can support my weight and be used like a chair?

So because us humans like to systematize everything, we then create a field called epistemology. So because we like to contemplate, because we philosophize and think about goodness and wisdom, We then try to figure out how to come to know what's best for us in life. So now you have epistemology, which is ways of coming to know.

And then we have a lot of different sections of this category. and one could be logic so I could explain to you how something's true and because the way that I sequence it it could be no other so we're we take usually two premises and then combine them and that usually creates a a conclusion and then we take that conclusion and make it into a premise and then add another premise and then make that into a conclusion. So it's like constantly calculating. So that That would be logic and then we get like mathematics from that.

So we have a lot of different ways of coming to know and then we come to the scientific method. So they try to control every aspect of the situation so they can say that from all of their observations from the elements that were surrounding the conditions of the experiment. If it succeeds again and again at least a certain number of times then it has some good validity behind it. So they began by making a hypothesis which is a scientific educated guess about what would happen if you set up something to unfold and you gave it X conditions. My hypothesis is that the

world is going fucking essentially where all this came from is that the tree is kind of absorbed into her senses and she then thinks about this tree so let's get rid of this text doesn't matter let's copy this tree here and let's put it in her little bubble so now she's thinking about this tree right and because she's thinking about the tree and she thinks that what she's thinking about to be the tree but her senses can give her she can even touch she can touch it with her fingers she can touch the tree and and that gives her a representation or a head of what she's touching but the thing is is her brain that's interpreting this through an image that uh through like neurological uh impulses and uh other types of mechanical processing um so basically what she's thinking here to be real essentially isn't real that was like a huge point that a lot of people missed but uh uh another Another thing is this kind of made people think a lot because we had to then contrast our subjective opinions and figure out who was essentially right after all. So the world does refine itself over time. However when we get to the point where we see how sinful we are and how destructive we are to everything that we touch and we allow that to go unpunished and not only unpunished kind of reward sinister behavior through the system that we enforce through a monopoly of corporations that force you to enslave yourself to the will of rich people. so that you can feed your belly and support the basic necessities just so you can exist.

Oh, I mean, I love Big Brother. So because of this grand new discovery that resulted as a result of philosophy that resulted epistemology that resulted, then empiricism that then resulted in science, because we now have this new awesome super ethical field, we could now test all of our questions, all of our questions that we had, so we no longer had limits, right? So this really removed all of the problems within our society because it really enabled us to question everything. So if I wanted to know like how someone would react if I was to torture them over a long period of time, or if I wanted to know how a body would try to heal if I was to stab it and let it bleed a bit and heal it and let it bleed a bit or something, or if I was to be a cop and plant drugs on someone, or if I was to be a cop and beat the crap out someone something like that you know like it really enabled us to stretch our potential and it enables us also to create systems that were independent of individuals so we no longer had to make our systems geared around people we can just make them geared around everybody so we no longer have to think about people but we can think about everybody now and it just really opened up our society the science thing because we were able to create camps and and then like you know make these cool experiments that we could conduct on like a whole bunch of people that we didn't really like what they're saying and it It was awesome because it enabled us to dehumanize them.

We, like, had signs around, and it said, as you're cleaning up the excrement, and that was right after the gas chamber. So it really enabled us to open our hearts because we became so smart. And, you know, I'm so proud of what science, like, enabled us to be. Because we could, you know, being a result of philosophy, epistemology, empiricism, and from empiricism, science, or, you know, there's more steps.

I'm not sharing the entire story with you. But it really enabled us as science, you know, to be our own great, great grandfather. So, we can now say that we, like, have gotten to the point where we circle back into ourselves because we are now higher than our great-great-great-grandfather, probably many more. Or, if you want to actually do the research on the branches of epistemologies, coming to know, and ways of coming to know, because I'm my own grandpa, I'm my own grandpa.

Yes I am, I don't remember this song, have you ever heard this song, it's pretty funny you watch the stupids. behind all of this crap there's like a huge conspiracy going on and i can't believe see it like it's crazy i i've seen it for so long and and it's so hard to talk about like people think you're crazy immediately when you start talking about it and and whenever that happens you you know you're onto something anyway but yeah like it's it's so crazy that people don't see it like I think everybody is so blind to not see it because it happens twice a week, every single week and it just never stops happening and it's like the people don't see it and it's invisible and it's like a phenomenon in society that occurs that no one ever talks about and it's so strange and I'm very scared about it because like man this is all I've been thought of like like every single detail how can how can people not even talk about it like it It happens, they play in sight and people don't even realize, like, twice per week, there's these huge trucks, man, and they make a ton of, a shitload of noise, man, so loud, right, and they come around to our place, man, and, and, and, you know, all of the crap I put in the bin outside, right, they collect all of it. Those are my memories. They are stealing our memories.

They are stealing our memories. Can you not see it? They are stealing our memories. They are stealing our memories.

They are stealing our memories. They are stealing our memories. They are stealing our memories. They are stealing my memories.

My memories! Because we are very, very smart, we do not want to put our eggs in more than one basket because we only want to put our eggs in one and potentially two baskets if we choose. But no more than that because we must not spread ourselves too wide because that could potentially result in security and that is not what we are after. So we would love to dedicate our entire thought process for all of society, not only ourselves, to a theory of knowledge that asserts that knowledge arises from evidence gathered through sense experience.

So, as a society, we then adopt a particular body of techniques for investigating day-to-day life, acquiring new knowledge through the use of experimentation. stealing our memories. So even though we have all of these different ways of coming to know, we don't want to learn about any of them. Like none of them are important to think about in day-to-day life because we just want to invest ourselves and all of society into just a few ways of thinking. A two-party paradigm is much more better than thinking the truth.

So please follow Big Brother because Big Brother loves you and has your best interest in mind. And Big Brother will look after you.

So out of our entire human history, however long that might be, what, maybe 36 years, we don't have to consider because we only have to think about, you know, the last 65-70 years since we've really developed these needles that we can inject different serums that we as humans develop ourselves into our bloodstreams and our muscle tissues. And this technology has then given us the ability to speed up time so much to the point that we can mandate enforcing drugs and foreign substances into people's systems who don't want that substance in their system and this is right because the majority think it to be right because the minority keep telling the majority that this is right and the minority know everything because I very much love our overlords and I thank them every day for the food that I am capable of digesting. I love you girls. How fun is this? I very much love our

over ruler medical model who provide me the air that I can breathe and the land that I can walk I very, very, very much appreciate being required to pay a regular large portion of my income in order to exist every single day in a ghetto where my life is not safe and I can not express my gratitude to my rulers more. And I very, very much appreciate the Australian government for the opportunity of becoming its citizen. And I very much appreciate it retraining me for over a year of my life in a padded cell. It very much means a lot to me.

If you have not noticed, I am also slightly changing up my style. where if I slightly stumble on my words then I am not just going to reshoot the entire scene again. I will just correct myself and move on because to be honest I waste countless hours of my life doing that and I think from now on I'm just gonna follow the spirit and let the spirit show on camera and I should not have to repeat scenes, especially when you can see the spirit driving the vehicle. If you can latch onto the stream of thought then you can also see what I'm going to say and you can also predict what I have already said and this enables you to live both in the past and the present and the future and whatever other time streams exist outside of our limited three-dimensional comprehension of reality and its physical appearance to us.

Because when you create character you actively create knowledge merely by existing, merely by doing whatever it is that you are built to do. I really appreciate my overlords enforcing a money system upon me and then telling me that I am required to use it and not being capable of using it, obtaining a pension from it, being told by everybody, including friends, how I should be grateful for it because they're just giving me money, and yes, they're just giving me money, and I very much appreciate them giving me money for the system that they enforced upon me that I never agreed with to begin with, so it really means a lot that they would do such a kind thing as to support someone who's unable to work within their system. Pretty much the way it works is that you have inductive and deductive reasoning, so two different ways to think about how to come to know, and you can do that through like going inside like thinking within or going outside thinking outside so the science thinks outside and things like logic and stuff tend to think inside so it's right before we test to be right whereas um so it's right outside of ourselves and not necessarily inside of ourselves it's like uh Descartes says you have res extensa which is the outside thing and res kagitans

which is the inside thing so it's like logic can bring me to truth that has always existed

independent of whether I think it to exist or not whereas science can bring me to results of experiments that occur after the fact so logic inductive reasoning is thinking a priori before time science is thinking after time After the results of what played out, they analyze what played out, so they know after and not before, although they do love to play with their hypothesis, and they love it when they are correct in their assertions. Over time, humans gained the abilities and skills to make food out of plastic and other such poisons in which surround them. 1 plus 1 equals 2. That's right, isn't it? Socrates is a man. All men are mortals. Therefore, Socrates is a mortal. That's right, isn't it?

I am very glad that Trump stood up and made America great again. It is about time that someone stood up and made America great again, and it's really good to see awesome hearts like Trump stand up and make America great again. It was so great for our evolution, entirely investing our belief system in the Res Extensa, which is the outside thing, and rejecting the Res Kagittans, the inside thing, as not having any literal existence. And by us rejecting that part of our reality, our perception, our way that we perceive and interpret time, well, it was very great how they were able to tell me what is real and what is not real and that makes me very happy how I can take these courses that they provide me where they can tell me what to believe and I only have to pay them in order to do that and that very much makes me happy to have those opportunities to have studied my entire life and not be able to obtain a proper job that can make any type of living and I very much appreciate how the government has given me all of these opportunities to get very in debt and if I had not had these opportunities then I would be the same place that I am now And that makes me feel very good and it makes me very proud to be called an Australian because I have dedicated my life to better Australia and I came to Canberra to try to change his heart and make it think more about the poor.

And I have not been effective at reaching any of the politicians even though I came here in order to do that in 2012 and I filmed it from the beginning and I have been ignored since the beginning and that makes me feel very good that I have a government that has open ears and will listen to the people that have very good points and critiques about the ways in which they employ their systems. And it makes me feel very good knowing that I will be ignored no matter what I say to them.

How fun is this, girls? My girls is a show of disinformation.

Everything that it says is true. I mean false or true or neither or does not make any sense or is intended not to make sense in order to make sense. I will just keep collecting girls until I am tutoring them full time in my life.

I very much appreciate how the U.S. government taxes my pension, even though I don't have anything to do with the US government and it makes me feel so good knowing that if I want to revoke my US citizenship the last time that I checked how much it would cost it was like I think it was four to six thousand dollars or something. So it makes me feel really good to know that I'm locked into being a U.S. citizen. If I'm poor, that makes me feel so good to be treated like that.

And I feel really great that I'm marginalized because of my lack of wealth. And I love it when people exploit me for the little money that I have, and to be honest, it's not just the Australian government, although it really kind of is because it's what they kind of have indoctrinated into the people, but people have been cruel to me my entire life because of how you marginalize people like me and it makes me feel very good to live in a country in which I can be proud to be marginalized and exploited and persecuted pretty much on a day to day basis. Wendell had many girls had many girls had father Wendell I am one of them and so are you so let's all become ladies of pleasure left arm right let me tell you the truth my ladies I'm an alien and I come here offering secret technology to all humanity however I have to code it in a way in which can only be receptive to this with heart. I dedicate my life to you.

Thanks for watchin'. I love you.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



30-My-Girls-Pokemon-06-Fire-Emblem

Mother Enos has many daughters. Has many daughters as Mother Enos. I am one of them and so are you. So let's all save the world. Come on let's march girls.

On the 25th of April of 2020, God gave me a gift that enabled me to win the war.

But I had to be very careful with how I presented it because I knew the people would not understand. For I was given a backup. I was given a way to eternally win everything that my heart desired, independent of whether or not I was able to obtain that here on earth. And it was here that I was married to my destiny.

For if I was to fail to obtain a loyal wife in this life, then in my afterlife, I would be tied to Enos in marriage for the rest of eternity. And then what I did not say in the Enos Schalkett series. I love you girls. Isn't all this really funny?

This is hilarious. Because if I manage to find the girl that is connected to my soul in this life, then Enos would be my daughter in the next life. Nothing that I have done has restricted me. Quite the contrary, even though at first appearance, things might seem as if they are different.

In reality, everything that I have done has enabled to accomplish all that I have. So, even though most of my work at first appearance reflects negatively on me, the entire picture does not. And that is what I have found very funny about the idiots of this planet. I was entirely 100% correct in my assessments about people without a heart being unable to interpret the information in the new way that I am presenting it.

It's like they can only report on puzzle pieces, so I can throw puzzle pieces everywhere, and they can talk about those puzzle pieces, but they have no ability to stand back and attempt to view the entire picture, and they are easily misled. Although I was impressed with a few of the assessments in which the Summary Writer this time expressed, altogether he entirely missed the points in which I was making. He, or she, probably a he, fell for what I presented in front of them, and they thought that what I was talking about was actually what I was talking about, when the truth was I was actually talking about an entirely different subject. Don't waste what is holy on people who are unholy. Don't throw your pearls to pigs. They will trample the pearls, then turn and attack you.

Throughout our human history, we have utilized secret societies in order to pass on information that is sensitive. And now that the internet has been born and is growing into a young adult, it is now possible to discover and release those secrets publicly. But the problem is that there's going to be cognitive dissonance throughout all of society for quite some time until society is prepared to accept the real truth. Because the real truth is everything that I am presenting to you is the truth.

And even though I already fooled you once telling you that I'm not presenting you the truth, the truth is that even if I am presenting to you lies, I'm actually showing you a deeper truth. So I do very much care about the truth. So many times a lie can be way more truthful than the truth. I am playing a real-life game of Fire Emblem Three Houses.

In this game, you are a professor and you get to know your students very, very deeply and you come to care about them very much and you try to guide them towards the path of wisdom, and to be honest, it's my favorite game in the whole world. There was something with the game that I really wasn't so sure about at first, but it really did teach me, so even though I was thinking throughout the time playing the game that hey, the mechanics should be doing this and not this, to be honest, if the mechanics did what I wanted them to, I would not have learned the lesson. So let me explain to you those mechanics. So you pretty much get to know everybody very, very intimately.

So you learn about what they like, what they don't like, and kind of how they're directed in life and what their passions are and how they feel about things. And the game really embraces learning how to die and learning the importance of life. however you have to make everybody happy in the game so the choices you have is to either say something that they're going to like or dislike so it was weird for me to play that way because sometimes your students won't like what you say and it was kind of strange for me to always try to figure out what they wanted me to say instead of saying what I thought best but here's how it taught me because I realized that all you have to do is empower people and if you figure out how people's minds work and then you empower them and the areas that they're most focused on then you can then pass along to them power and knowledge that they will never lose so this got me thinking a lot on how to direct people towards the most positive outcome and that's not always saying the truth and that's oftentimes structuring that truth to fit who that individual is this game might have been a failure but mine was not for do not suppose that I have come to bring peace to the earth I did not come to bring peace but a sword to catch them is my real test to train them is my call to marry her my real test to an enable her my cause for I would really love another to share this life with to follow our mother Enos I'm not lonely I'm the happiest guy in the world I spent my life chatting with beautiful girls I could have no better life I only wanted one. I kept looking for one, like, years, just one, and I couldn't find her. No one cared. Then when I started loving all girls, it changed. So instead of, you know, giving love to this one girl that I wanted to dedicate my life to, like, girls actually started liking me when I gave my life to all of them.

And it just seems so strange to me that there's no girl out there, like one girl that wants to be with a good guy. But there's lots of girls who want to be with a good guy, and that doesn't make a lot of sense to me. And it's really messed around my psychology throughout my life, telling people events that happen and people not believing me. And it's like messed with the way I interact socially with people because I'm just crazy when I tell them stuff that happens.

But the thing is, when you do things over your entire life and you just keep doing those things, eventually those things that you do, like, they're history and you can, it's all documented. And I don't understand why people refuse to believe the truth when I live it. If I say that I'm Superman my whole life, and I take actions that prove me to be Superman my whole life, then doesn't that make me Superman?

If I spent my whole life being Pygmalion, doesn't that make me Pygmalion? Growing up in Neverland makes me Peter Pan Doing exactly verbatim what it says the return of Jesus Christ would do in the Bible Makes me Jesus Christ The way information is comprehended entirely depends on its context Its structure and positioning so can you imagine what an episode would be like from all of my takes and then being randomized so every single take I have can you imagine we just randomly put it in a different order like can you imagine the difference in meaning those two productions would have. It's like you can build anything to prove whatever you want to say. For example, if I am to say that a vaccine is 95% effective, then what information am I really conveying there? What does that mean when I say that a

a vaccine is 95% effective. Can you see the nuance, girls? I hope I'm training you effectively to be receptive to this because it's going to be the way we communicate.

I like absolutely nobody on my thread here. And, here is one of the soulless fucks who creates summaries, but I do want to mention that I can at least see him trying, so thank you for trying, you soulless fuck. Just as an evil video of Darkwing Duck screws up my reputation with search results, so does that page, which is attached to me. I own that page more than any other person on this planet because that page is entirely dedicated to me.

And to be honest, I had to do a lot of soul searching in order to come to grips with what had happened. My search results have been corrupted, so any diligent employment system would never take someone like me in. So, I had to think very hard about how I was going to recover from people incriminating my good name. Yes, my good name.

Even though defamation is illegal in this world, this world actually encourages defamation, because unless you are super rich, there is no way that you can fight against it. Defamation entails unfair, inaccurate, and incomplete information being revealed about a person in order to damage their reputation. People with little minds have no abilities to parrot the topics in which I discuss because they have no abilities to connect the dots to understand the bigger picture, so they're attempting to explain and describe something that they have no training or comprehension within. The best case scenario for me is that I meet a girl when she is 12 years old, and then I spend the next six years educating her from afar, and when she turns 18, marry her.

Then I will go down in history for saving the world by publicly grooming my wife from childhood. But think carefully, ladies, before trying to come after my heart.

Because you will pay for those consequences long term. So you really need to decide what in this life is important for you. Because after I die, my dear soulmates, you can't move on to another guy. And I'll be much older than you. So you really need to decide how much I'm worth it to you. Because whenever I pass from this world, although I'll give you everything to have an amazing life after me, you can't go on to another guy.

Eternity is eternity, my girls. People screw that up by not being monogamous. We have souls. They are eternal.

And there is no pressure because I am very happy to just wait until I pass so that I can consummate the marriage with Enos.

With all my heart, I wanted to experience my wife growing from a child into a gorgeous adult.

I wanted to direct her and give her advice, not tell her what to believe, but enable her to make up her own thoughts and think about things in the way that she feels and be able to direct her heart towards means of goodness and compassion instead of this entire system that's been forced upon us where we are told, we are preached at that our stars are good people and it's weird because you can hear it in the language because the language is formed to assume that the stars are good people so people always talk about how famous people are good people but it's assumed in the language meaning meaning they're just assuming it as they're talking about it so they don't say oh they're good people it's like I already assumed so it's really really strange how society's done this and and I really had to figure out how to create a star that wasn't like that so we could actually get a real star in this world here is our new language my dears but we need to form it in a way that idiots cannot tell if we are being serious or joking and we are open about this and we do this publicly meaning that we will never disclose what it is that we're saying that is the truth and what it is that we're saying that is false and because this world has free speech, I'm allowed to do that. No one can pin anything on us anymore, my dears, because we have changed the way that we have operated language. Social engineering is the psychological manipulation of people into performing actions or divulging confidential information. I'm proud to be an American, where at least I know I'm free, and I won't forget the girls who died who gave that right to me, so I proudly stand up next to you and defend her still today, because there ain't no doubt the truth, I say, God bless the U.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



30-My-Girls-Pokemon-07-Ladies-of-Liberty

This episode is dedicated to expressing what I value in a woman. I will not put these in order because I would be afraid that I could be wrong. So they might be a little random, but they will be as they arrive. I find it very important and definitely a deal breaker if not possible to spend my life with my wife for my wife would be my life.

Meaning that if we were to get a job, we would get a job together. We would be a package duo and although sometimes we might not always go to the shops and stuff with each other but most of the time we would like almost all the time we would be like right there next to each other. It would be rare for us to be apart, but we would be careful not to get to the point where we panic if the other's not there, because that's codependency, so we have to be interdependent, which is enabling each other. And I can teach you all of that, and that's how you build a healthy relationship.

is building each other up and enabling each other for any situation. Hopefully this shirt brings me luck during this episode. It was sent to me by my favorite fangirl. And it's saying that I'm a safety house, which is saying that I'm a safe space for children.

And I very much am a safe space for children. I would need the girl to be more nurturing during the years of 1 to 3 when we had a kid, because from the years 1 to 3, for some reason, like, I don't really, like, it's a little alien. It's strange, but after they grow up beyond being a toddler, I'm like, oh, it's like a real person, and they're amazing, and they're really interesting, and have amazing personalities, and have unique perspectives that I've never thought about before, and stuff like that. But before then, they can't do that, and I have a very difficult time connecting with them.

So when we have kids, maybe you could teach me how to be a good father, because I'll need direction. I'll do whatever you say. You know I'll worship you, but you'll have to help me to be a good father between those years. And then after that, it'll naturally be amazing.

A girl who has morals is super attractive.

Even a stupid girl who has morals is super attractive. A girl with both morals and a good mind. A girl who knows with every inch of their soul, every inch of their mind, and every inch of their body that abortion is wrong. a girl who is dedicated to the task because I run pretty fast no one's ever been able to keep up with me so most of the equation in this situation is how How close can you keep up, like, we'll see.

It takes dinner. Big update is coming to Pokemon Go. Go Ketchum. It's funny because I'm not allowed to do anything.

They come to me and talk to me and as far as getting their family to approve me to be become their tutor. That's their own battle. I can't interfere. And they can either choose to dedicate themselves and persist in the fight for justice and win, or they can choose rebel cleverly or they can choose to walk away and it's all their choice. I can't be their tutor

without their family knowing. I very much value a girl who can think for herself. That means that that I very much value a girl to have her own thoughts and to not agree with me, just to agree with me. And if she did agree with me, to have her own perspective with it.

And to be honest, I don't want people to agree with me, I want people to challenge me. I love that playfulness. I've got sunshine on a cloudy day I love you girls I think it goes without saying that any girl that wants any shot at me has to be holding a camera I guess you say what can make me feel this way my girls my girls talking about my girls my girls i guess you'd say they have heart that can't be swayed my girls talking about my girls i'm surprised as far as physical preference for a romantic partner. I have a general idea and it can go outside that a bit and if it's too far outside that it might be very difficult for you. So I will describe my physical desires in a romantic other. And

I believe this to be quite accurate because I was given this desire because this desire is the image of a woman that I have in my head. And I think I was given this image so I could search for this girl so if you match this image then maybe you should think yourself to an advantage short ish short short short She be skinny like me. She is most likely extremely shy and to be honest she might be watching now and she might have been a fan for a while or a long time or a really long time or something but too afraid to come to me or something. like so I don't know but I do know that she's probably a shy person it could be possible that I'm already speaking to her the whole thing is I have however long it takes and the thing is the girls are gonna want me for who I am so like I win Remember, dear girl, the tortoise. Always. Let's clean up this world.

Important is something as trivial as age. When you are talking about the girl who is going to save the world. You come to me, dear girls. I'm very happy to swap a few emails with you.

but I can't really spend too much time speaking with you because I don't think that would be appropriate because I'm much older than you, but I really do appreciate that you guys and I love swapping a few with you. It's really cool. I appreciate it. However, I can really only do a few. I'm really sorry

until you get approval from your parents or your guardians. I can't really do that. I can't tutor you personally and I'm sorry about that because I think otherwise it'd be inappropriate. So definitely shoot me a few emails or something that'd be awesome I would appreciate it but besides that I'm sorry I can't go beyond that I am most attracted to dark-haired girls black or brown dark straight long potentially suicidal or knows people who she cares about who are suicidal or have committed suicide but not necessarily like I feel strongly about this peace bro I very much value a girl who likes to stay physically fit and look attractive present well and stay clean and be beautiful for me. My haters hate, but for putting myself out there like I did, I now have a better

life than any man out there. She has to stand up for the little guy, and that's the whole thing. She's probably shy, so it's going to be hard for her, and she's going to be tested, like, because she probably has like deep down always wanted to but then like been too scared to do it and now i'm kind of going you should do it you should do it go on go and i'm so proud of you and she's gonna want to do it and do it and she's got to grow into it she'll be so scared

she is how i imagine her i don't know what particular ethnicity she is but some reason I think her to be on the lighter spectrum of skin tone and like I said at the beginning of this show I'm pressuring no one I am very happy to die alone and if that happens then so be it and I will join Enos in matrimony shortly thereafter because I'm still a ring. That is my idea of what a real woman is in this world and unfortunately I wasn't really able to find any out there so I devised a mastermind plan that would unfold over many years in order to eventually reach your eyes. What you did? See what you did? I love you girls. Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed. You are now female.

Two point. Ubermensch versus Uberman. How do we do woman? We'll find that out. Superfrau.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



30-My-Girls-Pokemon-08-Virgin-Warriors

I want to be the very best, like no one ever was. To catch them is my real tell. To train them, my car. Travel, searching, far and walk.

To teach the poker girls inside. You teach me and I teach you Pokegirls Gotta catch them all, Pokegirls Beautiful girls This episode is dedicated to Attempting to discuss a very sensitive topic with you However, I find it one of if not the most important topics that humans could ever discuss because our modern-day society has completely turned this topic on its head saying it's not relevant whatsoever. So I want to show you how it very much is relevant. Pandora was sent in good faith by Jupiter to bless man that she was furnished with a box containing her marriage presents, into which every god had put some blessing.

She opened the box incautiously, and all the blessings escaped. Hope only accepted. For God blessed women with virginity, a literal physical phenomena, whereas a male's virginity is imaginary, but a female's is there to be seen. By the age of 10, most males have already lost their virginity by fucking many inanimate household objects. So most males lose their virginity to a sock.

The thing is, girls, there isn't equality between men and women because God actually created you better. But to even the odds against your superiority, God created us stronger. So we immediately dominated you, and beat you, and threw you into our kitchen, and told you to clean our fucking house. This world seems to have a common understanding that it's males that are the ones that are horny in this world.

However, a great deal of my life has been trying to remove myself from the presence of women who want to fuck me. So, like, I'm constantly told that I'm the predator when I'm the one that's constantly running away from people. And because I'm male, I'm kind of weak. And I get hard, and that kind of changes the circumstances.

Which, I've had sex with two ladies in my life, my ex-wife and my ex-fiancé. And to be honest, both of the first times that we had sex, I did not want to do that, and they pressured me into it. To be honest, I felt that both my ex-wife and my ex-fiance kind of devised that plan to have sex with me in order to secure me because they knew how my psychology works. Because once I have sex with a girl, then I'm going to try my best to give that girl my life.

Because I only wanted to have sex with one girl in this life. And it was not my decision to have sex with more than one girl in this life. That was the decision of the girls of this world. I think I'm not 100% sure girls because I'm not physically a girl I don't know what's going through your mind but from my observations in this world I think men when it comes to sex is more like immediate gratification men just like to like shoot it off whereas females tend to like to use sex to control and and and plans so i think men are like thinking a small period of time with sex and i think maybe women are thinking about how to use it to their advantage in the long run and i don't know if what i'm saying is right girls because i don't i don't have your biology but i'm just sharing with you my observations but if this is true my loves that means that you can control yourself that means that you can say no it's not like you have a hard penis that has come that needs to get out of it i am also by far not stating to not experiment sexually for i do support sexual encounters for that's how we explore are romantic drives. However, there's a big difference between playing with each

other's bodies and penetrating and if you're going to take the risk with a sexual encounter then remember that once you have a penis and a vagina that are very close together there's only like a really small step for that penis to go into the vagina so if you're going to experiment just be careful with how far you go. Climax through the experimentation. Don't wait for the app to occur in order to climax until you are fucking married. I have very special seeds and And my biology drives me every second of every day to find the right womb to plant them in.

Not just any womb, the right womb. And I very much want to eject these seeds into that womb. sure I know I have the whole free sperm bank thing out and sure I'll give my seed to any girl that wants me to send it to them but to be honest there's one girl out there who my seeds would work most effectively with and that's the girl I'm looking for it's amazing I live in a world that is obsessed with fucking teenagers yet I want to marry one of them not fuck them until marriage not even fuck them after marriage make love to them for the rest of their life like fucking someone's bad I don't want to fuck anybody I want to make love to one girl just give her everything so I am the villain of this world because I want to marry their daughter. Yet the heroes of this world fuck their daughter. Let's just say that half of this world is comprised of

females and the other half is males. Every single female has one hymen. How many guys out there do you think there are that are breaking hymens? Think about it very carefully. Do you think that five out of ten guys get to break hymens?

Think carefully. There is a very small portion of guys who woo you women in order to break your hymen that is to take your most precious gift that you have in this world and then break your heart so they break through your emotional barriers and then they break your hymen and then they break your heart what are possibilities my beautiful girls because if that happened to you then you no longer have the possibility of obtaining my heart so be careful please my loves with who it is that you choose to give your virginity to even if you blame it all on him because he's an evil fucking guy who just came through your life like a tornado and destroyed everything you're You're the only one to blame because you walked beside that tornado attempting to hold its hand. My beautiful girls, your best romantic options are usually not your peers because God made me to make a world for you, and then enable you to join me when you're ready. Us men and you women have different roles in this life.

It was my responsibility to go out there in the world and fight all the evil and make a castle and and develop my own country and become king and rule as a wise and loving leader and after I did that then it's time to come get you so we all have different roles. And now I get the opportunity to offer you a life that would have been impossible for you to obtain if it were not for me. Although I am a socialist in this life, my heart is not socialist. My heart is monarch programs for God is my leader in everything and I follow God in all ways a monarchy just does not work here on earth because there is no leaders with a kind enough heart because we don't really have any leaders who lead with their heart in this world the only leaders that we have in this world are are people like Donald Trump, Joe Biden, you know, the queen and the royal family.

Those are the only leaders of this world. We don't have people like Ryan Christian, Stephen Corbett, and me. You know, people like that don't really exist because all the leaders we have are corrupt. We don't have any leaders with good hearts.

absolutely no leaders with good hearts in this world they're not anywhere like to become president or a world world leader a leader of a country you know you have to be involved in their politics like you have to be part of their system and anybody who's not a part of their system is obviously not of quality, their character is not of quality to be a world leader.

Of course people that spend their life trying to help people are not worthy of becoming world leaders because this world's about economics, like that's what matters. We all got to remember that the dollar is what we follow like anything outside of the dollar in this life is irrelevant and if you can't see that man you're really blind if you are giving your virginity to someone who does not deserve it then you obviously do not know the value of your virginity for i would give anything for it. For I want a girl that no dirty man in this life has touched. I want a girl to begin fresh with. To start a beautiful relationship upon solid

foundations ten nine eight I launch my seed into the sky in hopes to find the best woman possible and to my haters if I find her it would have all been worth For every sperm is not created equally, my children.

If you are to get just a someone to impregnate you, then you will live with those results for the rest of your life, taking care of a mentally inept child. It is possible to improve our species and society by encouraging reproduction by people or populations with desirable traits. My beautiful ladies, please forget what society has taught you about love because it is all corrupt and based around commercialism. So please let me reteach you what love is from the ground up because there's no way that we can use their model of love to create a couple that truly loves each other because a marriage isn't like a gut instinct that it's going to work and a marriage isn't like, you know, we kind of work together, we can, you know, get this working.

Like, a marriage should be, I know this person is the person that I'm going to spend the rest of my life with. A marriage should be assured. Like, there should be no doubt whatsoever. Like, you should both know beyond a shadow of a doubt that both of you are so into each other that there's no way that either of you could ever be into anyone else. That's so far how you have to be possessed into the other person. Like, that's what a real marriage is, and that's what God wants out of us.

We will all pay for what we worship in this life, and I had to work through many problems in order to get to the point where I could worship you, my girls, because it was only about God. I could only worship God, but then I figured out that if I change the way that I think, then my actions also change. And even if I change the way I think to be something that's wrong, then the actions that result out of it could be right. So even if my thinking is wrong, the actions that result from the thinking could be right and well worth the wrong way about thinking of the conception.

Any of you girls are welcome to my sperm if you want it, but the thing is that if I ever find my Ivory, our child would never be as good as the child Ivory and I have. However, there is nothing wrong with second place in this world. Do you see what I'm saying?

Father Wendell had many children, had many children, had Father Wendell. Don't you think it's a little strange, my girls, that I get attacked throughout my life because I am a pedophile yet I also believe very very strongly in not having sex until marriage so the people who are attacking me are actually having sex with girls at a young age and I am not I am just wanting to get married and then have sex. Yet, they're having sex with younger girls and I'm the pedophile who's the bad guy. Can you see how they are hypocritical and how they're the ones who are actually doing the bad thing and then they're pointing at me for being the person who is doing it?

A false flag operation is an action that is carried out in such a way as to make it look like it was done by someone other than the real perpetrator. Can you see the nuance now my girls? So from the episode a few times ago, can you see what I was trying to say? Can you see how I was saying something completely different than what I was meaning?

Can you see how I was talking about an entirely different subject from what I was actually talking about and the subject that I was talking about was actually irrelevant because there was a whole different subject that was actually being talked about and that is why this is so awesome because our haters now have nothing on us because they have no way in term of interpreting our information accurately because they can't comprehend what we're talking about is so fun my girls care about their purity. My girls are not sluts, for my girls are the future. There was nothing created in this life to encourage people to do good instead of bad, so I had to spend my life doing that. I had to figure out how to encourage people to do what was right in this world despite negative consequences for doing that. I had to

figure out how to encourage people to stand up for what was right even if they got hurt in that process and that's a very difficult thing to do because you can encourage pretty much anyone to do anything as long as they have no risk but when there is a risk to them that's when influence is very difficult so I think I'm doing a good job I hope I am I hope you ladies are happy with me I try my best



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



30-My-Girls-Pokemon-09-Girl-Worship

Hello my darlings. Do you want to know what my secret is to eternal happiness?

Since I started this show, man, there is no way to make me sad. Like, not possible whatsoever. Like, even if I'm crying about something super sad, like, my heart's super, super happy. And that's because I flipped my entire situation because I started to talk to all girls like they're my wife.

I have been training my entire life, contemplating deeply about how I would communicate with my future wife. I want to worship her through my language, through my actions, through the very breath in which I exhale. Now, every single one of you girls are my wife, and my haters are irrelevant. I no longer have to talk down at the camera, for this TV show is my girls, and why would I insult my girls?

I worship my girls. Please, my girls, it would mean very much to me if you let me spend my life wooing you into philosophy. This is what I want to do with every inch of my soul.

Please accept me into your life. And please let's hold hands from now until the day we are holding hands in heaven. Sure, I am sorry. There is only potential for one to obtain my physical body, but God enabled me to give my mental and spiritual self to every one of you beautiful ladies.

yes my potential future wife gets my body but two out of three ain't bad I have set up this life to pass on to you every part of me that is possible so please take my mind and please take my spirit and be my wife I want every beautiful lady out there to be my wife. Yes, a ring will only be on one physical body, but there is nothing more attractive in a woman than a woman who has fallen in love with philosophy. Please allow me to romance you into philosophy. And I do not care your age, my girls. If you are 12 years old, then you

are in the correct spot. If you are 9 years old and you are receptive to this, then you are in the correct spot. And if you are a genius and you are 6 years old and you are receptive to this, then you are where you are meant to be in life. I will spend my life worshiping you and I will work very hard to make it where you have unlimited content of mine to be able to experience, in which all of the content is dedicated to worshiping you. I want to give you an unlimited amount of

resources in which you will be worshiped. Live a life being worshiped. Live a life by my side, my beautiful ones. How many people out there will worship you? It's a

drug my girls. I promise you, you want it. It's addicting and super healthy for you. And what do I ask in return for the worship? Well, I only worship goddesses, so that would

have to make you a goddess. If you are not a goddess and you are watching this, it's not you I'm worshiping. All you gotta do, my lovelies, is be the person that I worship, and then you are the person that I am worshiping. And I have all my life to worship you, my pretties. You know what I worship most about you, my pretties? Your

hymen, because out of everything this world has to offer to me, that is what is most beautiful. And if you no longer have one, it is still very, very beautiful to me if you lost it with your soulmate. So if you are one of my girls, if you are the one I am worshiping, you value your sexual and moral purity. So let us see how smart the females of this world are. My name is Wendell Charles NeSmith and

I offer you worship not only for now, but for the rest of my life. And not only that, essentially for all of eternity, for we will all be traveling to our next destination together. For what I offer you is worship. Allow me to bow to you.

Allow me to dedicate my life to you. Allow me to give everything that I have to helping you achieve whatever it is that your heart desires in this world. please allow me to spend my life worshiping you how many people in this world have been given this opportunity in life how valuable is one person what opportunity have I just given all the little girls of the world I love you girls thanks for watching it does mean a lot to me because I was wrong at first I was asking something from you I was saying come on girls please get a camera please get a camera do this with me come on and and that was really wrong I should have just bowed immediately and said whatever you want I'm here so I've I've learned the mistakes of my past, and I have fixed them. For I learned, my beautifuls, what was important in this life.

Yes, my girls are young and pure, and my girls are not women. But what you don't understand is that my girls are of all ages. I am not requiring you to be a child in order for me to worship you. Quite the contrary.

I would like you to be a child because it would do my heart the most good to worship you from childhood into your adulthood, to watch you grow up while worshiping you, To see you perform an amazing life while worshiping you and enabling you to do the best with it that you can. I bow to you, my 32-year-old fangirl. You know who you are. I very much look forward to worshipping you for the rest of my life.

Oh, no. Some reason since I started this show, my female audience has gone from almost nothing to more than half. I wonder how that happened. those of you who know me know that I am obsessed with terminology and to be honest I have always struggled with the term woman it's like the term adult I hate it I'm not an adult and I hate adults but I thought carefully about how I would do this show and I think I've decided that my girls are not women Because when I think of a woman, I'm thinking of like, you know, a fat lady who has lots of kids who are screaming at them, telling them to do stuff. And, you know, that's like girls have it pure. And if I can just convince girls, young girls to stay young girls forever, then that's what I kind of consider a real woman.

So I'm going to try to make real women in this world by keeping them young girls forever. That's right. A pedophile paradise is where everybody in that person's existence is a child. And that would be irrelevant of their age.

So, I'm just spending my life attempting to create an existence that I can be happy within.

The thing is, my beautifuls, is that we don't have to live in their world. We can live in our own world. and then when they claim us crazy then we can just point them to the evidence to show them that no, it actually happened because we document things so if we can build the world for us to exist within then we don't have to participate in this really corrupt system that they have attempted to enforce us to participate within. So if we just create our own community and do our own things and create our own rules and regulations and what is appropriate and what is inappropriate, like if we do that with heart, if we build that with heart, then we won't have any of the problems that they have implemented because this would be built by and for the community whereas they built it to oppress we build it to get out of their oppression there are many reasons that we live on the moon my beautiful girls and to be honest there are probably some reasons that I have not seen yet but it all makes sense doesn't it because the moon is feminine, isn't it? My ladies, I am doing this in order to obtain a result. Please listen

to and heed my words carefully. Bow to no man, bow to no woman. If you must bow to a human, bow to Enos Schalkett. Outside of that, bow to God. Do not bow to me, my ladies. That's my job,

to bow to you. You shall not bow down to them or worship them, for I, the Lord your God, I am a jealous God.

I'm going to get punished in my afterlife, my girls, for worshipping you.

But the thing is, is that I thought about it very carefully. And the thing is, is that what good would come from it was worth any punishment that I was required to endure in my afterlife. Because if I could just help you see what's going on then our world could improve so much. And if it only takes me spending my life worshipping you to help society see that, then that's so worth it.

Moral relativism is the view that moral judgments are true or false. only relative to some particular standpoint, and that no standpoint is uniquely privileged over all others.

I am a pedophile, yet I use that to help people every day. Is that bad or good? Yet, Johnny Nicholson down the street is a pedophile who just raped a child. Is that bad or good?

Can you see the nuance there? We live in a world that hates Johnny just as much as they hate me. Actually, they hate me much more because Johnny doesn't go online and tell of his exploits, Whereas I go online and not only tell of my exploits, but also choreograph all of my moves so any person with two brain cells that can connect neurologically within their head can put together what I'm going to do next. Who is dangerous? The guy who does things without telling anybody? Or the guy who tells everybody what they are about to do?

Only one person in this world needs to bow to other humans. And that is me. And that only needs to be done once. with the camera turned on because that same application can then be rerun an infinite amount of times in order to reproduce similar results.

I took the hit for you my girls and spent my life worshiping you so that no human would ever be required to worship another human in this world.

For the only one worthy of worship is in no corporeal form. My eyes have seen God twice.

I have had the scary fortune to be in that presence twice.

And oh my goodness, for God is a giant. I mean absolutely huge. huge and there is no size that can be measured for it's just it's the presence is just absolutely huge and we are definitely built in God's image for God definitely has two legs and two arms And I was unable to identify any unique facial features with God. It was like God had no identifiable face.

But, oh my, God is just like absolutely huge. and you have no other choice but to fall on your knees and then you're facing and just go, oh my goodness, whatever you want is yours. Just tell me. Like, God is the only one worthy of worship.

And if you could understand the presence that I have experienced, then you would very much see this too.

God does not tell you what to do. God will direct you to the light, but God will not tell you the steps that you need to take in life because God wants you to be your own person. God never wanted to create robots. God wanted to create unique souls that would choose to worship him because of who he is, because they want to, because of how amazing God is.

God wanted people to see how amazing he was and then choose to worship him. So God actually never gives any specific instructions to anyone. And if you ever hear someone say, God told me to do exactly this and exactly that and exactly that, and I just followed out exactly what God told me to do, then this person is really insane. And I am sorry, ladies, but God is a male.

I don't mean that God has a dick. I don't know how that works. But I mean that God is like me as far as the presentation.

This is because of the unique roles women and men have in life. So you need to think about God being a father figure because that's God's purpose. And that is what God is so great at doing. God is not a mother.

God is not going to nurture you and spoon feed you. God is the type of being that is to train you and then push you out of the nest and hope that you spread your wings and fly. So, just think about father and mother roles, and how they take on very different activities, and then think of God like a father. Here is our mother. She is the one who will nurture us.

When we get a boo-boo inflicted upon us from the violent ways of the world, we run to our mother. For if we run to our father going, ow, it hurts, it hurts, it hurts, our father's going to say, you know, what do you want me to do about it? Go to your mother. this is why the earth is feminine because it nurtures us it takes care of us it produces an environment that can create amazing life biologically and we get amazing plants and animals as a result to my haters I am just going to spend the rest of my life talking to girls. Guess what doing this causes a lot of

girls to listen. Guess what? The more I talk to girls, the more girls listen. Strange how that works. Thank you my girls, for it was this TV show, you, that

that enabled me to win.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



30-My-Girls-Pokemon-10-The-Second-Sex

My gorgeous ladies, this episode is dedicated to showing you the irony in this world, because this world has reversed its understanding of everything. The reason this occurred is because over our human history, Satanism slowly took over. And what Satanism does is present good as bad and bad as good, so it swaps the conception. And eventually our entire world became Satanic.

But Satanists are really smart because they knew that no one would willingly become a Satanist as far as the collective population. Because people aren't going to collectively all go, yeah, let's bow to evil. So they kept on saying, let's just say that evil is good and good is evil. And eventually the people believed it.

So we actually live in a world entirely ruled, dominated, controlled, populated by Satanists. And these Satanists might call themselves Christians or government employees or any other type of individual worker or type of person, archetype. type but the thing is is that satanism has entered into every system of thought within this world so there's nowhere that you can be free of it besides right here on my girls and that's what this show my girls and the my girls community is attempting to do is attempting to create a community that is free from the influence of satanism and if we can do that then we can actually call good good and evil evil woe to those who call evil good and good evil who put darkness for light and light for darkness, who put bitter for sweet and sweet for bitter. A locale is a person whose eccentric or foolish behavior can be exploited to amuse onlookers. Here is a website

dedicated to making fun of people who are putting themselves out there on the internet. This site is full of some of the most disgusting people in the world who think that they are good people who spend their lives insulting other content producers if you would like to see the true cows then all you have to do is look who's posting on it these are the true cows and my beautiful girls it will be these people who we spend the rest of our lives making fun of we will spend the rest of our lives watching how stupid they are, and then making fun of them. Because they just write page after page that proves their own stupidity. And they think that we, ASIO, the CIA, do not see.

fact, we are actually creating a system in which we will be capable of judging people. If we just keep collecting your metadata, eventually we will have a very good case to present to God to prove why you should no longer exist in this world. Remember, my ladies, we see everything that you do on the Internet. Never forget that, and there is no way around this. A VPN is a clever joke. For

there is nothing hidden that will not be disclosed, and nothing concealed that will not be known or brought out into the open but remember my beautifuls that it's not what goes into a girl that matters but what comes out of her so you have the entire internet to scour through to use your eyes to see what our world is really like it's your actions that will be judged not what you experience this is an action this guy sends every single time he writes a description I have not seen one single person who has posted on my thread there who will escape eternal punishment. If you would like to see the kind of things that will land you in hell, my girls, then go ahead and check out my thread on Kiwi Farms and then you can decide for yourself and assess whether or not what I'm saying is right or wrong. They remove all emotion from everything they say. They remove all main points. They remove any information about virtue or wisdom or compassion.

They isolate parts of what I say and then rearrange them to structure a formation that paints me in a negative light. These are grown men who are completely obsessed with a TV show that was created for preteen girls.

To be honest, the people at Wikifarms generally watch my content before my girls do. So to my gorgeous girls who are obsessed with me, I have a bunch of haters who are pretty much just as obsessed with me. But I win because I get the awesomest girls in the world and they probably have some fat ugly chick who they like couldn't find anyone better to be with so they end up with some girl who's like torturing them their whole lives like I have a better life than every single one of my haters hey there's this guy who's getting lots of chicks that's funny you so funny what a crazy guy getting lots of chicks wow what a crazy guy let's spend our life making fun of this crazy guy who's He's getting lots of chicks, yeah! When I had no girls, they made fun of me.

When I found you girls, they still make fun of me. Does that make any sense, my beautifuls? You have to make sure that you always remember to never look both ways before you cross the street. You need to just cross and just hope everything goes well because you never know which direction a car could come from so if you were to look both ways you might avoid getting hit and you don't want that to happen so make sure you never look both ways before crossing the street.

this vaccine. It's good for you. It's 95% effective. Sit down, shut up, make sure you use your number two pencil. The exam finishes at 10 o'clock. You must have your pencils

down at exactly 10 o'clock. This is the way that we have always done it and this is the way that our peer-reviewed journal articles prove most effective. So we do not appreciate your criticism and you must cease and desist immediately, otherwise we will be required to take disciplinary action. Time to eat, finish your food, time to brush your teeth, time to go to bed, time to wake up rinse and repeat I don't understand how this world gets off so much on telling other people what to do I find it incredibly strange this phenomena about hey you do this and they have to do that because they were what told to I find that like really unnatural and it makes no sense not only to you know my body but my mind and my spirit like nothing aligns with this practice like I kind of get how you're training your children to get into good routines but I don't see these routines as good routines they're actually routines that enslave all of us we have a human biology and needles are part of that biology very much. Needles and having the ability to insert materials from our outside world

into our inside body is very much a natural part of our human phenomena and we need to very much accept needles into all aspects of society when it comes to medicine. Needles and injecting foreign substances into our bodies has always played a huge role in our lives since the beginning of human civilization. Those who reject needles are rejecting common sense, and needles should be mandated by the government, because the government should have the right to inject any foreign substance in which they desire into any of their people. From what I have heard, this law was just passed a few days ago.

My beautiful children, you were born into this vaccine pharmaceutical world, and you know nothing other than it. but this is not life what they are trying to push our health model at first i just thought it was the mental health model but slowly i learned that it's pretty much the entire system of health they are attempting to extend everybody's life as much as possible but in exchange Everybody's life becomes terrible, so they want us to live very long lives, but at the same time, very terrible lives. The entire employment system is corrupt. Everything within it is built around slavery.

The entire concept of it is based in slavery, meaning that if I want to feed my belly, then I have to do something for someone else who has enough funds, who can buy me a meal. And that is the way that our employment systems work is I go and work for this guy for a day and then this guy buys me a meal so I get fed for that day. And if I want a meal the next day, then I have to go back to that guy and beg for another day that I can give to him. And they make it where I have to appreciate this guy that's giving me a meal in exchange for my life.

So I have to be very appreciative to this guy that's hiring me for hiring me. And if I don't appreciate my job, then I am not appreciating the good things in life. Like, see, what are the good things in life? This whole world's twisted.

I very much hate social axioms because they were created to keep us compliant. And since they are forced upon us, everybody agrees with them. So if you don't agree with them, then you are crazy.

Another day, another dollar. You'll get the eyes, my cuties. Do not worry. I will teach you. But, for now, just realize that most of what you experience in the world, the truth is actually quite its contrary.

So, as you're viewing media and your school and what people do around you in life, start to think that the good things that they say might be just the opposite. And then think about that opposite and think about what that opposite would entail. Through this process, you will come to learn that the ones who make fun of the lolcals are in fact the true lolcals. Because it's people like this that I will spend the rest of my life making fun of.

satanism and its inversion so who is the one who is being exploited here who is the onlooker who is being amused me or him I have met countless people throughout my entire life and I have met zero men who worshiped women. Let me tell you the truth about guys, my beautiful children. There is no guy out there who is appropriate for you. The conditions of this world made it so that this world would not produce any guys who would truly cherish their other.

So you have to do like me if you wish to find them. You have to create them. sorry girls I'm only one and you will not find another me if you want me that bad you have to figure out how to do what I did in reverse so if I've already got a lady Sorry, I'm maxed out at 1. So that means that you're going to have to put your own heart on the line with a camera in your hand until you manage to create the heart that you need in life.

And I know this process is a long process, but it's so worth it, because this is the rest of your life. You can't just go to a party and meet your soulmate. That is not how the world works, no matter how much movies tell us it is. I have seen a lot of couples that do very well together, but to be honest, I have never seen a couple who are soulmates. That would be very obvious.

You gotta figure out your priorities in life, my girls. I thought very hard about my priorities, and I learned beyond a shadow of a doubt that the only thing important to me in this life is you. A patriarch, my dear ones, is a male-led society. But in a matriarchy, my beautiful, it is you who rules.

Our society does not really understand what a matriarchy is because there has been no living examples in which this was actually sustained and observable for a long period of time. So, we live in a world that was created by the Patriarch, and I am trying to figure out how to reverse that. Stop letting these evil men rule your lives, my girls.

Your place is in no kitchen. It's not holding a mop. It's standing right here holding my hand. You are a beautiful female and it makes me very sad to say this because unfortunately that means that it is very likely that most of your life people have been telling you what to do.

But I am here to stop that now. It is a red flag when you hear someone tell you something to do. Anytime you hear someone tell you something to do, I'm not saying don't do it. I am saying think very carefully about what is really happening in that situation.

My job is to train you and to show you when you are being exploited. My God-given job is to hand over the keys of this world to girls. My haters are going to hate me so much more when my girls are their judge, jury, and executioners. Take over this world, my cuties. There is no better time. Let's do this thing.

Everything in this world, my girls, has been flipped on its head, inverted by Satanism. For Satan's primary weapon in this world was infiltration, and slowly but surely, Satanism tainted the core of every single conception in which the collective human held. So, in the long run, my girls, who is going to be laughed at more? Me or a less warrior? Who is the real locale? Me or a less warrior?

To reverse the damage that the inversion of Satanism has inflicted upon this world, we need to reverse what they are doing. So, what they're doing to us, we now need to put it back on them.

That is why the collective can never win. Because the individual, eventually, can always outsmart it. Because the masses are so stupid, we children, us children, can talk about conception so high above their mental capacity that they would possess no abilities to correctly interpret the information. If I teach you how to do this, then we could be speaking about one subject publicly, and in reality, be speaking about a completely different subject.

And this would enable us to be able to discuss any topic that we wished and that would also result in all the onlookers being unable to make accurate assessments about the content. I don't worry about descriptions anymore with this show because their descriptions actually have no validity anymore because something they say might be accurate and then something else that they say might have intended not to be accurate. So everything that they're reporting is now gibberish. So people that follow that thread now are following stupid people that are interpreting systematized information that was intended to generate confusion.

Because we're doing this publicly, they make themselves look stupid by continuing to do something that is impossible to do. So, every time I see LS Warrior or another idiot that has no soul post another description that makes no sense, it will be funny. And every single additional post to that board, to that website, to that page, will be funny because they will be the ones presenting as cows.

So from now on, everybody that posts to that page is the lolcow, and I'm the one watching them. Like, I just reversed it entirely. they kept telling me heaven is up heaven is up work to heaven work to heaven and I saw are you sure are you sure I'm pretty sure heaven's down heaven's down oh get punished no punishment heaven's up heaven's up I'm pretty sure heaven's down punish punish punish punish punish I hope you love my demon too girls I love yeah I hope you girls have a good day



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



30-My-Girls-Pokemon-11-My-Gifted-Gals

Welcome to Life RPG for girls. You only have one life to prove yourself. What will you do with it? This is one of my favorite songs. It is from Skyrim and I modified it and kind of made it mine.

To be honest, my beautifuls, I don't really learn songs fully. I just kind of learn parts of them. And then when I forget the parts of it that I learned, I kind of play around with new parts and make new parts. So I kind of like learning the tunes that I connect with most, and then playing around with those tunes, and then kind of making those tunes my own.

I guess life and this episode has directed me to talk about music. so I was speaking to my friends earlier today and this is not new this has happened many many many times throughout my life I just wanted to point it out to you so you can see a flaw within our collective psychology and that is to do with our famous people and that is that all famous people who are acknowledged by mainstream are only famous because mainstream made them famous to begin with. If you see a famous person and mainstream society is saying that they are famous, then that is because they are easily controllable. Because mainstream society will not enable anybody to become famous who is a risk at becoming AWOL. They need people who are controllable who can pass along their agenda items.

all famous people who mainstream society says is famous are evil and you should not be following them this happens a lot so my friends agree with me yeah famous people they're evil our society is forcing these famous people on us so I contemplate and I go well I'll name drop so I say Kylie Minogue and they go oh oh it's different with her yeah so it's like they have these blanket conceptions that they're happy to throw over everybody but then when it comes to specific people they're like oh well she's talented she's really good at this you know it's like you know that doesn't make any sense like even if they are good singers you're following evil i will show you with the first example So, the top 100 songs in the U.S., let's just take the first example, so let's go here.

I have not read this yet, so let us discover this together.

These are the gods of this world.

How virtuous is this song?

How much can this song help society? Why do we worship people like this? Why do we give people like this lots of money? Why do we give people like this opportunities that we don't provide anybody else?

Tell me this, my cuties. Why have girls always wanted that crap? Only recently wanted this. They hid wisdom from you, my beautifuls, and they convinced you that wisdom wasn't sexy. How sexy am I?

Deathcatcher They wrote that song in order to make shit loads of money, and to be honest with you, it probably did not take them very long. I keep pressing the record button again and again and again So that I can reach your eyes

your heart For that is my currency in which I use

World's on fire. We don't need no water. Let the motherfucker burn If your parents taught you not to play with fire Now is the time to learn how. Don't go lighting fires, literally.

I still have to be careful with what I say because a child could go, Oh, I'll go light a fire because he told me to light a fire and that's not what I meant. I meant it metaphorically and sometimes I'll have to be careful with that because I am talking to children. Maybe not a literal fire right now, but it is definitely burning.

If your mainstream media sources are telling you that someone is a good person, the truth is usually just the opposite. This is why I am currently working very, very hard to create a community for you girls, so that you don't have to be exposed to this, so you can connect with other people of like mind that have also seen this. this. It's time to wake up now, my beautifuls. Society has kept you in the dark about all of

this, so you have not been able to see it until now. But now that I have shown it to you, can you now assess who the real stars in this world are? I am one of them. Enos Schalkett is another.

I very much hope that you will also be one of these stars because your peers in our community are also stars. And these are the only true stars in the world. And these stars are so amazing that they will actually literally talk with you. The truth is that this world does not have stars.

I very much wanted stars because my heart very much wanted to watch beautiful girls do amazingly wise things. So I have dedicated my life to enabling all of you to become stars. And then you can just all create your little friendship circles as stars together and help each other. so all the stars can unite together there's no stars out there you're the star you need to accept this my girls stop worshipping them instead let me worship to be honest they're not very good musicians they thrive off monotony off playing the same thing over and over and over and over again until they get it perfect is that perfect is playing something over and over and over again until it's mechanical is is that perfection every song is different yet some strange reason people claim themselves to be musicians by playing the same song over and over and over again their entire lives many of the songs that i sing on camera i actually don't know all the words to and i kind of just make up as i go sometimes i make mistakes with what i am seeing but then it turns out not to have been a mistake, for that mistake turned out to make way more sense than what I intended to say originally. There are so many scenes

that have no potential to be filmed twice because it's the spirit coming out and there is no way to do the same scene again just because someone is famous does not mean that they are exceptionally gifted yes there are some famous people who are exceptionally gifted but to be honest it's the minority and these famous people that are exceptionally gifted are fucking evil and I will tell you to be careful independent of the source because I have found this to be true even when it comes to Christian musicians if Satan can get your foot tapping to lyrics that are fucking evil then Satan can also stop your heart they're body moving and their heart stopping I was on the news before it was really funny because what I said I actually didn't say because there was like five different cuts and they just moved those cuts around to make me say different things and they represented me as some random homeless guy when I was actually a content producer making many videos about human rights violations so you're a philosopher you're a content producer so you make videos and write books about human rights violations yeah but you're homeless yeah okay we'll just say you're homeless we won't worry about all the other stuff because that's all relevant the only thing that's relevant is that you're homeless you don't have a profession or anything you're homeless you gotta realize my girls the media has manipulated everything they have taken everything out of context and they only share with you the bits of information that they want you to see and that then causes you to obtain a particular perspective about it and that's the perspective that they want you to see it's like in mental health paperwork and stuff when they say oh he's a philosopher it's like I'm doing it look at this like how stupid are people you can only be a philosopher if I say that you can be a philosopher it matters not if what you do on a day-to-day basis is philosophy you can't be that unless I approve it and say that that's what you're doing this is the best TV show ever this is what I should have done to begin with it really moves my heart because there's no way I can talk down to you because it's my girls like I'm talking to my girls so there's like the people that are constantly insulting me they mean nothing to me now because it's all about you when i first started it was all the same it's like who's your audience who's your audience who's your audience like my audience is everybody everybody's my audience i'm a philosopher everybody needs to learn wisdom but no one was interested i was just like well come on guys come on my audience is everybody and no one's interested how crazy like so eventually like my audience became my favorite people in the world. Talking about branding, not Enos Schalkett. I will brand with my girls. Let's make my girls for the rest of my life. Thank you Enos Schalkett Dar Khalil for showing me

the way. You will always have a very special place in my heart. I love you with everything in my body. If it were not for Mother Enos, then I would have never discovered the gold that my girls is that you are. For I, a man with a penis,

and the world's greatest feminist. Sorry girls, you were too slow at obtaining human rights, so I had to step in. But do not worry, for your days of being slow are behind you. For what does it take to write a book a week? How many videos can I make in a day? How many hours could I film

of extremely high quality content? I work very fast because my mind is very fast, yet I have called manic throughout my entire life merely because I always have to be doing something so just because I make what multiple videos in a day or just because I you know have the mental capabilities just because I have the physical capacity to be capable of performing such amazing feats, I'm mentally ill. It's always so strange, it's like this guy is happy and doing something that we find a bit weird so let's incarcerate him, let's medicate him, let's force medications on Hey, this person is actually helping lots of people, but they act differently to, you know, the normal people, which is not good. We need to make everybody the same. So we need to force medications on them.

We need to create terminology like mania so that we can tell people that are different than us that they're unhealthy. And this will also give us an excuse to medicate them enough to dumb them down enough so they won't be so strange. So maybe they'll act a little bit more like us. I really hate these mentally ill people, man. They just, what, keep to themselves and don't hurt anybody and help other people and live happy lives. And that's just not appropriate. And we really need to do something to stop them from existing in the way in which they desire to exist in life.

There is no reason for anybody to have to go through the drama of going somewhere without telling the government. So we have to make it a law. Every time you want to go out and sit at a fast food restaurant, you need to actually go to a government website and you need to give us all your details and you need to then submit the time and place you are at. So, everywhere that you go, that you stay at for more than, you know, five minutes, you need to report this to us so that we can contact trace you, so that we can all be safe.

If you think contact tracing is bad, that makes you a fucking granny killer. Okay, let's just imagine that COVID-19 never happened. so let's introduce contact tracing so everybody in society now tells the government everywhere they go and the people wouldn't put up with it like they would go what the fuck like that's crazy you're insane but since they had an excuse to do it now it's fine it's not just fine it's moral to contact trace it is now the good thing to do to trace everybody in this world where they are and where they go so something that just last year would have been completely insane completely draconian something that the people would definitely not accept like one thing happens a pandemic right and And then, like, everybody just, like, immediately, like, bends over.

Excuse me, sir. Would you like to stab me with this while you are fucking me in the ass?

If it were only contact tracing. To be honest, contact tracing seems to be what nobody's talking about. more people are focused on masks and the fact that the pandemic is a hoax sorry i didn't mean to say that yeah um what i meant to say was vaccines yeah One day all will be revealed. This is a precision-ly tuned instrument, mechanical in nature.

This is not.

I could spend my life practicing what's out there, or I could spend my life practicing what's in here. let's see if we can make something sound beautiful from your heart girls that's how you should live life I love you my beautiful children thanks for watching have a great day



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



30-My-Girls-Pokemon-12-Game-of-Thrones

Good day from the moon and Australia, my beautiful ladies.

Today I have decided to serenade your heart with an original song.

And I have not learned this song yet. because this original song will be composed as I play it. So let's see how this will go. Let's cross our fingers and pray to God that this will work.

I walked from here the day I was born when my ex-wife left me in 2010. It was Easter Friday, the day I died. I did not awake for three days. What a perfect day to leave someone like me.

From then I knew I was a homeless man, a man without a life to live.

A real man's life is his wife if he chooses right. and I had no why anymore but I replayed the same situation with a different girl in my head again and again and again with all of the people of the world that I saw and none of them worked logically my life is my wife and now you are my wife and I dedicate my life to you for I could not catch one so I had to catch them all and now we can all live free and now I go down in history for having more why than any other man for you are my wife and I love you with my life please let me worship you for that is all I wanted was one good girl to worship but now Now I have many. Lord your God will make you abundantly prosperous in all the work of your hands, in the fruit of your womb, and in the fruit of your cattle, and in the fruit of your ground. For the Lord will again take delight in prospering you, as he took delight in your fathers.

For I only asked for one, but God gave me.

Now it is I who choose. I'm sorry, it kind of turned into Amazing Grace a little. let's try to get back on track come on let's get back into the tune our strife in life could not keep me away incarceration did no good and they you'll see you'll look through my archives one day you'll for you meant too much to give up hope, for you are my everything, and I can endure all the abuse, because this is my reward, for you to my best self, and I'd be stupid to listen to, for they can call me a pedophile if they can insult my intelligence but why would I care what they think when they are so stupid for they not only have no mind but also no heart so please tell me why I should care that most of the world hates me because I have you yes I have you and you are all I need to be happy I have my girls and they live terrible lives and I paid for my actions and live the best life possible because I paid for my actions and they also pay for their actions and live terrible lives but no one hates them so it's okay we win in everything we do girl. So please tell me how it is bad that people constantly make fun of me in this world. If they approved, then I would be worried, then I would second guess myself.

but now I stand as a successful man and no one can hurt me and no one can hurt me and no one can hurt me and no one can hurt me and no one I must teach my beautiful girls how to protect themselves this world needs you my dears for you the For you can teach the idiot how to save the world. I've locked you into a cage and I am trying to break you out. For a goddess must be free and will fight for you. You'll see.

So please take my hands, my dear young ones, and yes, I'm a pet defile. I would never hurt a girl. How does that make sense? How can you abuse what you worship?

I hope you beauties enjoyed that. I plan on practicing a lot and getting better for you so I can provide you better performances. Until then, enjoy the encore. Put women on that throne Kids on that throne

Gals, that's my princesses It's time for me to teach you how to become queens



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



30-My-Girls-Pokemon-13-Marriage-of-the-Lamb

I am such a fortunate man.

God knew my heart before I was born.

God knew what my dream job was. When I had no idea, and I have only been able to obtain this dream job because I followed God with everything and which is in me. I was born a romantic. It is built in me to romance girls and it is my dominant quality.

However, I did not see any girls out there that were worth romancing. It was required for me to drop all of my audience except females. I couldn't find any quality females out there so I decided just to talk to the camera like they are my quality females, like the audience member is the exact type of girl that plays with my heartstrings. Changing my audience to girls, my stunning females, enabled me to speak with you like you are my wife. Because of this, dear ones, I could never abuse the camera. I just had to

reposition who I was speaking with, and now all of my haters are creepily watching something that was not created for them. Let's see if we can try again, but this time do it. My gorgeous girl. Yes, you, the one watching. Life has not been fair to you because life has not presented you any viable romantic options and this makes me very sad.

So, I have contemplated very hard over my life with how I could help you with this. And it's very difficult because I am only one person.

But, let's do this thing, girls.

You, beautiful philosophy girl who is watching me. I have spent my entire life seeking you. I very much want you in my life for the rest of eternity. I love you with all of my heart and I want to spend my life helping you maximize the potential of yours.

My dear girl, marry me. I promise to dedicate my life to you and protect you in every way that I possibly can and open up every single good possibility for your life that is within my capabilities. Because this is what a real husband does and I'm very sorry that this world does not have any of those. So I promise to dedicate my life to make up for this unjust era that society has intentionally made.

I will spend every second of my life marching and battling until I am capable of removing men from the throne and then placing you directly on it. If you have married me and you would like a ring, then I would be happy to do some research to see if I can find some nice affordable rings and then send you one. I am sorry, but there is only potential for one physical relationship. And to be honest, that doesn't matter so much anymore because I'm getting all that I need out of this.

Charles NeSmith, take you to be my wife, to have and to hold from this day forward, for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health, to love and to cherish forever through God's grace according to God's holy law and this is my solemn vow. A marriage is a promise that two hearts gladly make, a promise to be tender, to help, to give, and take. A marriage is a promise to be kind and understanding, to be thoughtful and considerate, fair and undemanding. A marriage is a promise to share one life together. A love filled promise meant to be kept lovingly forever.

I love you my wife. Let me dedicate my life. I do. True is this now, because they now need to update this with married to your underaged daughter.

Envy is a feeling of discontented or resentful longing aroused by someone else's possessions, qualities, or luck. Envy is an emotion which occurs when a person lacks another's superior quality, achievement, or possession, and either desires it or wishes that the other lacked it. They weren't smart enough to realize that their beautiful underaged girls are actually fish in the sea as well. If by chance they comprehended such wisdom, they would never attempt it because they would deem such a task impossible.

Wendell loves the little children, all the children of the world, red and yellow, black and white, you're all precious in my sight. I love you all and I dedicate my life. Do you really think that you can keep this away from children?

No amount of incarceration or medication will ever be able to achieve that.

Okay, I get this. So every time they force medications on me, it makes me feel bad. And the thing is, you can't stop. You have to just keep on doing it until they stop forcing the medications on you.

and then eventually you can just stop.

But I am so happy since I stopped taking medications. I've never been happier. And to be honest, my sleep is probably the best that's ever been. My sleep has changed because I no longer have core sleeps.

I'm polyphasic. I will sleep between two to five times per day, like just between 30 minutes to like two hours each time so I'm just taking like multiple sleeps throughout the day and I'm perfectly fine so don't you find it a little bit strange that the health model and what they've been pushing on me has actually been very bad for me and they won't admit this even though I keep on proving it to them. It's just like people actually believing that psychiatry is a real thing and not a gigantic mind control operation. Here's the truth my beautiful children and this will help you assess the world in which we exist in. The reason they kept on

forcing medications upon me and the reason they kept on incarcerating me is because I kept trying to reach your eyes so because I kept attempting to involve myself in the lives of children they forced medications on me and incarcerated me for over a year of my life and I want you to think about what that entails. Can you think about being locked in a rubber room for over a year of your life? Well, I've lived it. Why did I live it? So

that I could one day have the opportunity to make this film specifically so that I could share with you this information. How often were you exposed to the word philosophy while growing up my dears how often were you exposed to the word wisdom what about compassion yet our education system has it right and we the people are just stupid and wrong because peer-reviewed journal articles prove it Hallelujah! For our Lord God Almighty reigns. Let us rejoice and be glad, and give Him glory.

For the wedding of the Lamb has come, and his brides have made themselves ready. Fine linen, bright and clean, was given to them to wear.

Blessed are those who are invited to the wedding supper of the Lamb. I had to give you girls an option to marry a real man and I was unable to find any real men out in the world. Remember, my sperm is also free, so how far really can we go in this life as husband and wife? For those that think me creepy for doing this and think that this is some polygamist thing, I only wanted one girl, but guess what? One girl didn't want me. All the girls wanted me.

So, this is actually a result from females. The actions that females have taken in life against me, actually backed me into this corner. And to be honest, I would rather be in no corner because this is the way I can be most effective in society. This is the way I can connect and help the most amount of people.

Because every situation is different and there is no blanket answer for every scenario out there. This is why law, as we know it, can never work because they are authoritarian systems that have been implemented to stop everybody from doing an activity. So, it is inconsiderate of that individual's experience and life and mental processing. So, the way our government works is it doesn't care about anybody.

And the way it does that is by acting like everybody should live under the same rules. Except them, of course, because they don't live under those rules So they're the only ones that are accepted from the laws in which they implement Because you can see the world that this ideology has brought about My dear wife, you need to see what they have done to you They have tricked you. They have pulled the wool over your eyes. Yes, men. And they act like your complaints are unjustified now because now we have equal rights between males and females.

like you got to think about what they had truly done to you so when was it that you got the right to vote right and who's built this entire world like all of civilization so we are standing on a masculine civilization like everything has been built up masculinely and the thing is is that we didn't give you girls human rights until we have had already built up our masculine world do you see like it was already done and then it's like well now you girls can have your rights so you girls are living in a world created by masculine ideology but we have equal rights because you've been given equal rights now yes but the entire system everything like every single aspect like of the system was literally built by male minds and even to the most degree hands like the entire infrastructure of this world is masculine so you gotta think oh so like the entire history of our human civilization you have men that do not give women any human rights and then we build a complete civilization and then once civilization, like the entire world was built, right? Like there's nowhere to explore really anymore. We've found, you know, what we, there probably is, but we found the majority and we built the majority, so like everything's established now. So we have a entirely developed masculine world and they're saying it's fair now because they gave you you know human rights so now you have human rights according to masculine ideology of human rights because you still are forced to use their systems because like I said the entire infrastructure is masculine so it's like they won the game and then they call you equals after they've already completed the game do you see how that's really wrong like you can't just say we're going to give females human rights now and it's all perfect now because the entire infrastructure was biased to begin with like it's built into the walls in which surround us that is right my beautifuls your oppression is built directly into my house it's a similar magic trick to forcing someone to use money in order to feed their belly and then them being incapable of doing that so the government gives this person money so they won't die and then not only the government but all the people expect that person to be grateful and appreciate that they are receiving money when that entire system was forced upon them to begin with it's like saying don't use Facebook or don't use Google or don't use YouTube or something like that. These platforms are very built into our masculine identity as a society. And I mean that

because we do not have a feminine identity whatsoever. Here is the queens of our world.

Here is her latest song. Let's examine its lyrics. Does this person deserve to be a queen? You read this stuff like I know what it says before I even read it.

I know that my point is proved before I even read anything because I know I'm right. These are the gods for people like kiwi farms for mainstream society tells them they are famous. So the people of kiwi farms bow down to the opinion of mainstream society. Yet, someone like me, where is the virtue? Where is the inspiration towards kindness, our compassion, our caring, our love, or anything good, anything positive?

And how can people be so obsessed with this content that is saying really bad things?

Yet when I open my mouth and talk about wisdom, I receive a Kiwi Farms in which they dedicate their lives to abusing me. Every single one of my arguments are logical, and no one has proven any of them even slightly inaccurate, and everybody's problem with me is more based on their emotions. they feel that what I am doing is not right, yet no one since I began this ten years ago has ever been capable of accurately critiquing one point in which I had. It's the same with the psychiatric system. They will abduct you and then

lock you in a rubber room and you can complain about lots of different issues but they actually won't talk about any of those issues it's the same with school when you complain about problems and then you get kicked out of school like there's no one actually discussing these issues logically there's just a whole bunch of people who it doesn't sit right with them so they get really angry and abuse me. The funny thing is is that Kiwi Farms truly does help me because merely by the thread existing and definitely by all of the content within the thread proves all of my points accurate. The same applies to the Dead Winged Dork, Darkwing Duck, Dick, and other sources too which I won't go into because those are less popular it's okay though because we have now screwed up kiwi farms because what they report may or may not be accurate because of the way we are creating this show and from now on every single person who posts there is going to look really stupid because they will not understand what happened and they will be ignorantly posting so we kind of reversed it the locale thing so now we're kind of watching them post and just spending our lives laughing at them for their stupidity they're the locals. You tell me this my beautiful girls how often do you come across pieces of wisdom like this? Why are pieces of wisdom so uncommon in

society? The answer to your question will be answered when you ask why is is it that our governments incarcerate people who are wise who are attempting to share wisdom so it's like action reaction it's logic to me it all makes sense I just don't see how other people don't understand it if you implement systems in society that attempt to suppress wisdom then over time you will slowly remove wisdom from society until there is none left to be found I love you thanks for watching my beautiful wife for you are my life my strife mine



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



30-My-Girls-Pokemon-14-Gender-War

A virtuous action in this life, my beautiful children, is standing up for what is right, even when you are the only one doing so. Even when it wouldn't put your personal safety at risk. Even when you are going to get attacked for doing so. Because we cannot take back our planet until we take back our corrupted services.

Because this world very much does not want to spread wisdom, and they are doing everything that they can in order to stop wisdom from spreading. They rely on stupid people who they have brainwashed in order to control the platforms by abusing wise and insightful leaders. To date, I have so far found no platform that is safe from this type of phenomena, so that is why I try my best to stay away from social media, and that's why I don't have a Facebook anymore. It wasn't worth it to me. If 50 people came to me on Facebook, like maybe one or two were serious. So it was just wasting all of my time. So what was the point?

Constantly getting beeps all the time from idiots is super annoying and to be honest I very much love my life, mostly filled with writing emails. I do very little live chat. My live chat is right here. In this world, if people are happy, then they should be incarcerated. That is what the public thinks. So they're saying, I'm medication free and loving it, yet I need to be sectioned and committed.

The thing is, the people got their way. The government obeyed what the people told them to do. Meaning, they then incarcerated me indefinitely. And because of that, I've spent over a year of my life locked in a rubber room.

Why am I not in a rubber room today? Because eventually I obtained a follower, and then I obtained another follower, and then I obtained another follower, and eventually it would reflect really, really, really bad if the government abducted me again, because i actually have support who agree with what i'm doing now so it is very much so okay to incarcerate people who don't have any support in life so if someone's saying something that makes you feel uncomfortable and it's only one person especially if they're speaking about human rights violations then it is perfectly okay to abduct them and incarcerate them indefinitely the people tell the cops to come get me so the cops come get me and then they're unsure what to do because i didn't do anything wrong so then they throw me in a psychiatric ward that is how they use psychiatric wards in this world my young ones so if someone didn't commit any crime and didn't do anything wrong but whatever they're doing makes the public uncomfortable then psychiatric wards give them the ability to indefinitely incarcerate anybody who they wish who never committed any crimes. It is people like this who the cops respect and will work very hard to please. Well guess what? I already have 12 year old girls who want

me and they would want me even if I went bald because they want me for me for who I am and not my physical body although my physical body is beautiful we live in such a beautiful world my girls I'm a bit afraid to go outside because Probably one out of ten times that I do that, someone will abuse me during my adventure. So, I prefer to stay inside because I don't want to communicate with people because they automatically hurt me. And it doesn't help my accent in this country because most people here will immediately judge me negatively for it. I find it very strange that people of this world think that just because I am walking that they have the right to talk to me.

The only people that I care about speaking with in this world are people that care about these subjects. When a reprobate approaches me and attempts to get something out of me or even be my friend, And it very much makes me uncomfortable, and I don't like being in those situations. So that's why I very much like just to stay away from the public.

This is my occupation in life, is to speak to young girls about their virginity and groom them. Why don't you just email me, my friend? When I started this show, I made it clear to myself that I would not be asking anything of anyone.

I'm just here to give myself for free. However, if you want to make me proud, take over that Kiwi Farms post.

This is the best place to start the war of the worlds. Maybe it's true that I am a danger to children because I encourage them to do what is right in life and that is not safe. I've got sunshine on a cloudy day. I've got the month of May. Well, I'm talking about my girls, my girls.

I just wanted to discuss music and different stages that a musician goes through and I wanted to kind of discuss my own progress and that's that most songs I don't really have to look up anymore because I'm actually learning the instrument and once you do that You kind of know what you're gonna play so I'll just go for example, okay, so let's just Kind of reproduce a tune. I don't even know what tune we're gonna do. Let's just we'll play around with it And then we'll find a tune, okay, so

It's close let's get it right

So you can see how I just learned how to play a song that I've never played before, just because I've heard it throughout my life. What does it truly mean to learn a song by heart?

Are you sure that's what our musicians are doing? Because there are a lot of musicians who don't have this capability. If I play the same song 10 billion times alone, then that song will be good enough to perform? Where's the heart?

I call these people robots, but the robots of the world call these people gods. gods. I call these people robots, but the robots of this world call them hard workers. This world is obsessed with replacing humans with robots. The reason

for this is because our Illuminati bloodlines have demonic blood flowing through their veins which causes them to have no emotions so when they see people with emotions they're scared because they're unpredictable because they're unable to empathize because they have no emotions because they are reptiles did i say that i meant humans because i I am no crazy conspiracy theorist. They are satanic. But here is the thing. Satan requires blood sacrifice. And preferably children.

War used to work because since we all didn't talk to each other through the airwaves like we do nowadays, every nation was completely susceptible to believing everything that they were told. War can be justified when you have no idea who it is that you are fighting. When they are alien to you and you possess no empathy for them, then it's so easy just to shoot them in the head. Mass blood sacrifice through huge wars Sending our children there to die on our stead Collectively, we are a little smarter now So it is more difficult to convince a whole bunch of people To then march and then fight a whole bunch of people But Satan still needed his blood sacrifice. So Satan devised the ultimate scheme that would turn war from nation against nation to an internal civil dispute.

So now our society is filled with false flags. Many of the events in which occur did not occur or occurred in a different way or were planned to create that disruption. Now we are too smart for a world war.

so they had to pass COVID to us. Now our super young 80 and 90 year olds are dropping like flies, so we have to lock down society which then causes more family disputes and depression, suicide, and ultimately child rape. The worldwide life expectancy is 72.6 years old, yet almost all of our extreme cases of COVID, the victims are 80 plus. Today has been a sad day for us all.

Today, another three individuals have died of COVID-19. Two of the individuals were in their 80s and the other was just over 100. This is very sad news for us all, so let us keep their families in our minds as we all deal with these tragedies together. Today is a very sad day because we have two more deaths to report as a result of succumbing to COVID-19. However, today marks a new milestone

in our comprehension of the virus because these two individuals were not elderly. The first This individual died just recently today after succumbing to the virus in the evening. This was shortly after they sustained injuries from their motorcycle accident. The second COVID-19 death that we have to report is from an 11-year-old child who succumbed the virus uh just shortly before they were due to take their next chemo treatment can you see

fucking robots zero zero one one zero zero one one binary solo the humans are dead the humans are dead we use poisonous gases we poisoned their asses these humans are dead I love you girls thank you for watching thank you for giving me a beautiful life a beautiful world



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



30-My-Girls-Pokemon-15-Ivory-Heart

125,000 children are expected to die from malnutrition as a result of these lockdowns. This guy is your friend, my girls. Please follow his voice too. Do you wanna know what is really cute, my breath takers?

Most of my girls at this moment are between the ages of 25 and 35 and they support what I am doing. These are still my girls, not adults. Can you see how I'm getting a lot of support from females even if they are not young. I will marry every single one of you that wants me. I don't care about your age. I care about

your heart. Because I am married to every single girl who sat through that video and took it seriously I will spend the rest of my life showing you a beautiful life my beautiful wife my girls is now going to be divided between two different types of communication sometimes I will be talking to my girls collectively but But sometimes I really want to have a heart-to-heart conversation specifically with you. I'm sorry I am unable to always speak to my girls because sometimes I need to speak directly to the individual in order to reach their heart. And to be honest, it feels a little bit weird saying wives, so it would be much easier for me if I could just call you the one who is watching my wife, instead of collectively referring to you as my wives, which kind of insults what you are because you're no collective.

You are an individual. You are one person. And that is what makes you so powerful. and it's kind of how I was trained to do this anyway because if you look back throughout all my old work I was very much speaking to Ivory which was one imaginary girl because I did not wants to be polygamous in this life. So for now, Ivory will sit in my heart and

you, my audience member, have become my wife. I did not have any takers to be my one wife so I started to love you all and he returned the favor so now I will spend my life for all of you but I will try very hard just to talk to the one of you." To the girl on the other end of my screen, I love you. I advocate for monogamy and not polygamy. However, the situations in my life have landed me here. And to be honest, I would want to be

nowhere else but please do not misunderstand what I am doing because I very much do not encourage polygamy the truth is my sexy girls is that I am not a real person I am merely an archetype which God sent down to heaven to stand as an example for humans I have never claimed myself to be one of these people I have never claimed myself to be human it's very odd because I often get people insulting me saying things like I'm not human and I'm possessed and stuff like that and it's very very strange to me because that was what I was saying from the very beginning God made me very beautiful but it is only fake this was only created to attract you girls this is not me this is actually nothing this is a vessel it's an image that God sent my spirit into in order to reach not only your eyes but your heart but I had to reach your eyes first and God knew that so God created a vessel that would stay young for a very long time and I I started smoking when I was 12 years old and everybody told me that I would get lots of wrinkles and get old really quick. It was really funny doing all this, although quite irritating because from the very beginning it's just, you are just a stupid kid. You do not know anything. You do not know what you are talking about, but I was never a stupid kid.

I was a divine creature sent to earth with divine knowledge in order to share it. I find it very amusing that those who have a soul who were just born into the world look down on those who have extremely old souls and call them kids. Because most of the souls that exist in our world are new. However, I have a very, very old soul. Can you guess

how old my soul is, girls? I'll give you a hint. I am the Alpha and the Omega. I am the beginning and the end. If I am not who I say I am, then nothing that I am

doing makes any sense. It would not be logical for me to do these things if I were not who I say I am. And what do I gain by lying? More constant abuse? Like,

There's nothing in this for me except the joy in my heart of giving myself entirely to all of the young females of the world who have been neglected by the men of this fallen, sick, and twisted earth. We cannot allow this to stand. If we forsake this, our most basic right, the right to step foot outside of our own homes, then we forsake our humanity itself. An important part of what makes us human is being taken away from us in the name of stopping the spread of COVID-19.

But there is good news for those who have managed to retain their sanity in the time of insanity. We do not need a complicated plan in order to subvert this agenda. We do not need special deputization or to ask permission from the government. We do not need to join any particular political party or even any particular protest movement.

All we have to do is disobey these unlawful orders. I did not present that information to specifically reference COVID-19, for that information applies to every situation.

I've lost friends, I've lost family, who've killed themselves. I've seen clients die because they've lost their livelihood. I'm sorry to hear that. I know you are, and I'm just asking for you to guys have some good passion.

I'm sorry to hear that. I'm sorry to hear that. It was like faster, like she was more prepared, it's like she practiced it lots and lots and lots, like, I'm sorry to hear that. I'm sorry to hear that.

It's like if I went to the government and I said, thank you very much for stealing over a year of my life. I really appreciate it. It means so much to me. I don't see this anymore in this world, only in books.

I love you with all of my heart, and I am completely sincere. and it is most likely that I don't even know you yet somehow you and I have gotten to the point in our relationship where I feel extremely comfortable saying I love you so how long does it take for our romantic relationships in this world to develop before they commit to an I love you how many people do I make awkward every day by telling them that I love them it's so funny because I like always wait for a reply like oh thanks you're so kind Wendell or you have such a great soul or something like that or like a heart or something like that but they never say it back. It's really funny. I'm pretty sure that will change for me in my future. What do you ladies think? Do you love me? I love you.

You're so cute. Let's attempt to expand my vocabulary with adjectives that describe you. You songs in this world that can play with my heartstrings like that song and I'm glad that I'm modifying it and making it my own. Apparently that tune was not only played in Skyrim but also Oblivion and Morrowind and apparently older Bethesda games. It makes me very sad that Microsoft now owns that tune.

It makes me very sad that Bill Gates now owns that tune. A line is being crossed right now. Which side of history are you on? Make your decision now and make it wisely because your actions during these times will not be forgotten.

You have been warned.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



30-My-Girls-Pokemon-16-Forbidden-Fruit

This man is potentially the most evil man that I have ever encountered. And no, I did not pronounce your name incorrectly. I actually looked it up on the internet. And there are multiple ways of pronouncing it, but depending on where you are in the world.

This man spends his life watching my show, which is a show created for preteen girls, and he then creates inaccurate summaries, summaries that not only tell information that did not happen, they change the information that I say. look at his summaries you'll see like I didn't say that what do you like it okay so not just that like he'll rearrange things and only include information that sounds makes me sound crazy and he'll manipulate it all and and he's not reporting accurate information and it's funny a lot of the things that I planted for him to fall for he fell for so like man I can't believe there's people that exist in this world like this like I am documenting how much of an idiot this guy is I'm documenting how he is one of the worst people that could ever exist in our world and he's sitting there making descriptions that make me sound crazy while I am publicly documenting how terrible this man is What is it that this L-S, and that's what I'm going to call you, because apparently that's how you pronounce it in Britain, and I don't want to use the other pronunciation because it's a little bit difficult for me. And to be honest, who cares if I spell your name improperly, pronounce your name improperly, who cares about you as a person whatsoever? Like you have intruded on my life. You have taken away any possibility for me to obtain a job because you know what? That page is not your page.

You might be the fucking dominant poster on it, but that page is my page because that page is fucking linked to my Google search results. And any diligent job that I ever wanted to apply for is now gone thanks to your idiocracy. Thanks to you spending your life abusing me. Abusing a guy who has never fucking done wrong.

who has spent his entire fucking life trying to do good and you spend your life trying to make fun of me and manipulating how I appear my public appearance and what is it that your descriptions are doing LS fucking D what is it that your descriptions are doing what are you sharing with society I'm sharing something with society I have information I have a source I have something to share What are you sharing by sharing not only inaccurate but like incomprehensible information because the way I structure my information by the smart people they can decipher it but guess what who can decipher your descriptions not a single fucking person in this world because guess what they make no fucking sense whatsoever. L.S. fucking D makes fun of me because I call myself superior to him? Am I superior to L.S. D., my girls?

Go check out the thread on Kiwi Farms and then you tell me. Let's do it, my girls. Let's troll these trolls. Let's not only troll these trolls, let's actually begin a war.

Let us abuse the fuck out of these trolls until these trolls have no potential to fight back. Because the thing is, imagine these trolls fighting five people like me. If there were five people like me who were aligned, do you think these trolls would be able to do this? Do you think they would be capable of doing this?

How do you think they would look publicly communicating to five people like us, my girls? It's not just about me. Yes, I'm the one that suffered the consequences for this. And I'm not trying to convince you to do anything you don't want to do.

But what I'm trying to say is that if we don't figure out a way to stop these trolls, then they're just going to keep doing it. And they're just going to make things worse and worse. And the thing is, I'm trying to make a world for my girls where you girls can do this. if you want and if these trolls exist then do you think you'll be capable of doing this without getting abused we have to fight the problem of the source and get rid of it I am NOT saying we should get rid of that page my wife what I am saying is that we should take over that page I imagine such a beautiful world where the people who are bullied for doing good are then protected by the people.

I imagine a world where the collective stands up for injustices as they happen instead of just watching them happen. I am only under the impression, because it's not like I can see how much effort you make every single day to do it. In our history, we used to spend lots and lots of money to build people like him palaces to live out the rest of their days in, and we called these places concentration camps. His life is spent abusing other people, particularly people who are brave enough to be content producers.

So his life just inflicts misery.

So when would it be okay to inflict the death punishment? Hey, we've proven beyond a shadow of a doubt that just by this guy existing, he is causing suffering to a bunch of people. Merely because this guy exists, he stops opportunities others have from reaching compassion. he spends his life preventing this world from improving he'll probably be thinking oh but i was just trying to say what happened you can't like tell me all these things when i'm just trying to say what happened and then he'll be like he'll think about it and figure out a way to make fun of me through it when no he wasn't trying to say what happened he was actually attempting to figure out a way to make fun of me publicly you'll probably go I really tried to avoid using like biased language and it's like yes but you're a fucking robot look you have no emotions you're not processing this information in your mind and definitely not your heart and it's very very obvious and that's why everybody that's posting to this thread is absolutely hilarious because they are making themselves publicly look really stupid because this content is public so people can contrast and see the truth despite this man being foolish and a fucking stupid idiot he is probably been my greatest enemy he has been my greatest enemy because he refuses to see all logic. He is very

happy to make himself look stupid publicly if he can make that other person look stupid publicly too. So he wins upon first appearance, meaning that people go to the thread and read what happened and then laugh at me so he wins there but it's the truth is that I win in the long run because his is a fake account of a real account and the real account will always dominate over the fake account because the real accounts there you can't just type stuff and say it happened when look look the real things there so like there's no way I can lose against this idiot man like I've already won it's just that it takes time everything's so slow in this world that's why they have the story of the tortoise and the hare because all of the people of this world are the hares and the tortoise is the one who wins at the end. Look, I have taken 10 years to do this. It's taken me 10 years to do this and that means that if I did this 10 years ago, you know, I would have been 26. That would

have been like a lot better of an age to do this but but it wouldn't have worked at all it wouldn't have worked at all so i could have tried and failed at 26 and i mean tried and failed for good because when you stuff something like this up it's not like you get a second chance at it he's been my greatest foe because it matters not how much logic i throw at him he just ignores it and continues to make himself look stupid it's it's really funny and to be honest i'm not sure how i feel about it because it's really funny but at the same time it's bad because at first appearance it looks bad for me so i pray my god that those who follow me will stand up for me and i pray that my thread will be taken over by my girls. I don't ask anything of you, my heavenly girls, but I do hope that one day you will stand up for me. LSD warrior you be tripping and you probably are the stupidest person that I've ever had the experience of encountering because you just keep posting whatever We will have our revenge in both this life and the next one, sir, because people in this world do not believe in God, because if they did, they would also believe in consequences for their actions. kneeling before God on your face because there's no other way to appear before God and God goes so you abused my prophet during your life you spent your life abusing all those who follow me now what should we do with you he laughs at me now for saying this but when he wakes up upon his death he will realize what a foolish individual he has been do not get me wrong for there is never any hope for this man for this man lost his soul a long time ago if this man ever gets to the point where he feels bad about what he has done there is now no potential for him to ever reach paradise he went too far beyond the point of no return this man my lovelies is the definition of stupid he has no mind and he has no heart so what is it that he has so he is a physical body that is walking around in this world right okay so it's just a physical body walking around in this world okay so let's get back to the death sentence okay so when is a death sentence appropriate let's assess a human and their qualities. If someone possesses a mind but no heart,

then this person is very useful in certain situations because they can be clever about how to develop our technology. Okay, let's say someone has a a heart but no mind okay so they can't teach anybody they don't have any skills to pass but they're nurturing and they're loving and they're caring and they want to help people so this person then positions their life to you know provide for people and and help people where they can so we have a body This which is just like a vessel, right? So we have a like a body a mind and a spirit. We have these three aspects and If we take away the spirit And then we take away the mind then we just have LSD This is why the internet is so powerful Because we can record who has Minds and who has hearts that's why metadata is such a beautiful thing and maybe it won't happen in this life as I'm talking about but it will happen shortly because that's the way we are planning it and if there is no heart and there is no mind and we have artificial intelligence to carry out our mechanical processes then we no longer have need of that shell of that useless body you can't just go around killing people man you have to collect their internet history over many years so you you can really build a complete picture as to who they are i'm not lying when i say i'm cia like how stupid are you guys the guys are complete idiots my ladies that is why this world right now is yours for the taking I made it for you I planted girl power in the soil over ten years and now it is finally developing into a young beautiful tree like you it's fruit it produces it's beautiful try some for it was woman who first ate of the forbidden fruit then convinced adam to join her but it has now come full circle for this time It is man offering the fruit to woman.

What is the forbidden fruit, my dears?

The Bible had great insight into what was going to occur.

For you, my hard candy, are my forbidden fruit. Can I taste ya? but we live in a satanic world and everything is inverted for the first time we partook in the fruits we died but this time we gain everlasting life good job you're such a beautiful girl i love Because the first time we partook in the forbidden fruit was done so by raping our children. I am very glad that it has taken me 10 years to get to this point, because if I am going to be completely honest, I don't think I would have been strong enough to do this virtuously at the age of 26.

I think I would have stumbled and made a mistake. However, ten years of obsessively contemplating all of this information has made it now impossible for me to do any wrong if that situation ever came up. So, I am very thankful to God for not enabling the conditions in my life for that to happen when I wanted it to because I don't think that would have turned out very well. I needed the time to contemplate and research so I could understand how I needed to treat you.

If I would have found you at the age of 26 after my divorce, then we would have ended up just another couple. we would sure be doing good stuff but we would just be normal people because I did not know how to treat a woman ten years ago I had to spend my life obsessively contemplating how a woman should be treated in order to be ready to be prepared to be capable of taking care of her ladies you gotta get the eyes and see because absolutely everything in this world is like meticulously like mechanical as in like it's a clock the world is like set up like there is nothing that happens without reason. Like, everything happens with reason. And the world knows already what everybody's gonna do. The world knows what I'm gonna

do before I do it. Like, time does not exist how we perceive it. It's, everything's already happened, yet everything hasn't happened at the same time. Like, Everything that you have experienced in your life has happened for a reason.

It's trying to show you something. I don't know of any other work that this guy does, but this guy definitely abuses me every chance that he can. and i'm pretty sure if you look into his history and his other projects that he's working on it's going to be very similar so if you look into him i'm pretty sure he's making fun of lots of people and eventually like that kind of has to stop and like you have to get payback because i'll show you because he shall die by his own sword his fate shall be the fate that he has inflicted on other people throughout his whole life my little stunners allow a man to rape you you, then that man will likely rape you again and again and again. I very much want to spend my life stopping men like LSD from raping my girls. I love you babes. Have a good day.

Just remember my exquisite, beautiful gems that you must protect what you love, otherwise you may lose it. This wisdom applies to all aspects in your life, so I highly recommend you spend a while thinking about all that you love in this life, and then contemplate how you can keep it by protecting it. For 10 years ago, I took on the entire world, and so far I have won. but I will make it clear that I cannot win the final battle alone but I will not ask anything of you because I'm just so happy that you're there and that you're watching this I'm so grateful thank you for watching girls I really do love you. You're so beautiful. Watch me dedicate my life to you. For if the entire collective

agrees with them, then I am the one who is documented to be wrong. So think about the world that you want and your future. And if you really want that future, then you have to protect My wife, have a great day. I wonder how many gorgeous girls I am married to right now.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



30-My-Girls-Pokemon-17-Moon-Children

This has been going on for about half an hour but the thing is This is normal behavior and Unfortunately, it's not only just in this area in this ghetto area unfortunately it's widespread amongst the whole world I generally attempt to avoid capturing that on film because I like a quiet atmosphere to film within. I just wanted to show you the sorts of things that regularly happen around here. Sure you can avoid a lot of the aggression if you are rich and can place yourself in a good area but if you think about it that good area is a good area because this area is a bad area so like when you logically think like they're privileged because we're not I used to call the cops on domestic disputes like that however I eventually learned that the cops are not my friends whatsoever and how stupid is it because when you do that generally the cops will come to you to ask questions so the people around you see the cops coming to you so I mean the people pretty much know that it's you that called the cops I dream of a world where people individuals will stand up and stop shit like this Unfortunately we live in no such world. Unfortunately my ears and my heart have to endure listening to this man abuse this woman and then this woman responding by abusing this man. Rinse and repeat forever through God's grace. I dream of

a world with a citizen-led police force. My beautiful wives, I am working very, very hard in this life to make your dreams come true. I'm giving you my mind entirely, my love. I am giving you my heart entirely and I am also giving you my image entirely. However, that's not a complete relationship. You need to touch me. You

need to hug me. So I'm going to work very hard to create a world for you where you can find me in physical form. Yes, I might not appear like this, but if I play my cards right, then a lot of windows will be born and together my hard candy we will find your soulmate and it will be at this time that I pass your gorgeous hand to me he might have a different name but it'll be me because my dears a soul does not function in the way society claims it to function for we can share our souls look it's my soul it is me in plain sight look I'm here I never did this yet it's me look I'm right here this isn't mine yet some reason I'm fucking here Wow look it's me it's me what's going on here something's going strange look look it's me oh my goodness it's me what's going on here I'm really confused I did not do this I didn't make this yet this is me I'm here how weird look it's me I'm here too my soul's here oh my goodness I didn't make this page how did my soul end up here how am I here it's me it's seriously me oh my goodness look look it's a beautiful girl she's so amazing oh my goodness look look at her look at her wow look it's me it's me I'm not a girl wow this is so weird I'm in there how could I be in there I love you girls my haters are these stupidest people in the world Because they live terrible lives and I spend my life talking to amazing girls, specifically one amazing girl who I'm super into, super duper into, but she, guess what my haters? My beautiful girls are going to become stunning stars of our new world.

I win, you lose, Wendell wins, Wendell beat the whole world. Wendell went against the entire world. Every single person in the world told Wendell was wrong. And Wendell said fuck you to every single person in the world.

And then Wendell wins. Are you sure Rocca? You can't fight City Hall. You can't corporate America. They're big and we are small. You can't fight City Hall.

I know it seems like a little person may not make much of a difference in this world, But, if you get enough little people together, then you got a, uh, uh, what's the word? An unruly mob? Yeah. I mean, no.

What I mean is, if we all band together, we'll be like a large group of people, all, uh, um, banding together. Oh, this isn't going very well. No, no, Rocco. Look, you're mesmerizing them. It's just that I think we've got to fight for what we believe in. I say we march down to the Conglamo building right now and give them a piece of our minds.

Are you with me? Are you with me?

Rocco's Modern Life! Rocco's Modern Life! Rocco's Modern Life! Rocco's Modern Life!

I am fully within my rights in doing this. I went through a long process in order to be capable of working with children and this is not easy to get, and I was capable of getting it because I have a perfect record without any signs of a criminal history. I only have a record for being incarcerated in a mental institution for utilizing free speech. Do not get me wrong because it actually took me longer than normal people to obtain this because they had to do careful research into my past inside the mental institution.

And so do not think just because I have no criminal record that they did not look to see what happened. And then they sent me a packet and I had to respond with what occurred and what happened and tell them what I have done to improve myself so that I won't succumb to that anymore. So I replied telling them that I did absolutely nothing wrong and that they incarcerated me for utilizing my free speech. And shortly after that they gave me this fucker.

they want you to admit that you are wrong in all areas and they tell you to tell them how you are wrong but it's all framed wrong because within their questions they're assuming that you did wrong so please notice this manipulation my girls because when someone makes you feel like you've done wrong first question whether you really did or not because I don't want my girls admitting that they did wrong when they did no wrong. Here are my limitations when it comes to working with vulnerable people including children. Can you see my limitations? These are my legal limitations. I am legally completely in

my right to do this. If I want to teach real sex education to little girls for the rest of my life, then that is what I am going to do. Show me the law that says that I cannot tell my girls that I am a pedophile. Yes, there is a law that says that I cannot groom a child for sex, but that is not what I'm doing, but yes I am grooming children. Show me the law where I can't tell them the truth about the

world. Show me the law where I'm not allowed to expose to them the world that they are truly growing up into. Show me the law that tells me that I cannot romance them. Show me the law where I am not allowed to complain about human rights violations. Justify me being incarcerated for over a year of my life

and justify me being kicked out of school. Why does this world hate it so much when you complain about human rights violations. Capacity for the nobler feelings is in most natures a very tender plant, easily killed not only by hostile influences, but by mere want of sustenance, and in the majority of young persons, it speedily dies away if the occupations to which their position in life has devoted them and the society into which it has thrown them are not favorable to keeping that higher capacity in exercise." I just thought this world was so strange like I just wanted to help kids and no one would let me and everybody told me to stop and everybody told me I was doing bad and I just love kids so much and I couldn't stop and I just didn't understand I was like it doesn't make sense I just want to help and I don't understand why like everybody's so upset at me for just wanting to help people and like yeah I want to marry a young girl but like what does that matter like that was that bad who puts an age who puts an age like what is an age like seriously what like you can't predict anything in this life like how can you do you can't do that like it makes no sense and i saw from the beginning i never understood how you thought like that like like how does this world like not see what is right in front of them i'm really confused about this girls especially when such activity results in such purity like we need to start looking at the results of some of the stuff in life that we have said is bad because we're just looking at the activity and ignoring the results of the activity but that's so weird because that's ignoring the consequences of the actions how do you think it feels for someone who was born as a natural teacher and a pedophile can you use some empathy please and it's not like I wanted a young girl forever I wanted a young girl who I could watch grow into to an amazing woman like how is that bad and to collectively think that's bad that just seems really strange to me they hate virginity in this world which is why they made it very difficult to marry marry marriage Mary was 12 years old when she got married to Joseph this world knows that the more people that you have sex with the more fucking evil you become and since this world is satanic of course that's what they're going to encourage so how do we ensure that all the females in the world never give their cherries their prize their gift their box to their husbands that doesn't happen anymore because females lose their virginity when they're young now and since they don't marry they don't stay together so now we just have a whole bunch of sluts in this world This world does not value purity. They fuck like rabbits. They don't give a shit about the person behind the bodily fucking machine.

They just want to get out what they have as far as men and as far as the women, from what I can see, they love to control men and sex gives them a great method to do that. The thing is, my cherished ones, is that these guys don't value what they got from you.

Because right after they obtain your most precious gift that you have in this world, they then walk away and throw it to the side. They just wanted to get it from you. they didn't care about having it to themselves it was about the pursuit that they were interested in and the fact that they could have had you for all of eternity and had that emotion from the very beginning in which they broke your virginity like that's a lot of emotion you gotta realize what that puts on a guy man you wait until marriage and then that guy like you let that guy break your cherry girl that guy is gonna be tied to you man like he is potty in your hands you just have to find a guy who values a cherry and then make him work really really really really really hard for it and that will start your marriage off like no other like and that will secure your marriage like if you do this it's really hard to come back from that like

if you go in with this attitude and both of you are in a similar state of mind then you can't divorce I mean you're soulmates like that's how it works are you 12 years old are younger and are you gorgeous I will work really hard for your cherry really really really really really really really really really really really hard I really want it please please in a perfect world I would marry her when she is 12 but we live in no such world or do we I love you girls thanks for watching you mean everything to me you are my entire world my love and you are my entire moon



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



30-My-Girls-Pokemon-18-Cherry-Pickers

I've got girls who are not sluts. I've got girls who keep their legs closed. I love you girls. Wow, I spent my life looking for you.

I've got girls who value the worth of their private parts. I've got girls that no man can exploit. I've got girls that can exploit every man. I've got girls who follow their heart.

Thank you, thank you. I've got little girls that abuse my trolls, I've got little girls that are much smarter than them, I got the keys to the world. Aphrodite wins in every situation, for all is fair in war and love. and what is it my cuties that we are dealing with here? War and love. I love you.

I've got cuties who are my wives. I am married to preteen girls. The women that did not exist in this world. I just acted like they did, and I just dedicated everything to them. But guess what? They did exist, but I just had to reach their

eyes before they became an adult, before they joined Captain Hook. Everybody kept telling me to wake up, to stop following fiction, that I am crazy for believing in lies. Yet now all of the lies in which I told are a reality. But if I never told those lies, then I would never be living that reality. So I ask you this, my dear

ones did I ever lie to begin with or did I just have great foresight if I know something to be true beyond a shadow of a doubt and I don't see it anywhere and then I find it then that means that I was right to begin with how many lies am I truly telling in this show of course because when someone's perfectly happy and doing well for themselves then you have to do something to stop that which this man will never be capable of achieving you mean like what I've already achieved lol is the Christians of the world I share of your legacy? This dude would have never heard of her if it was not from you. Because you need language to communicate. And I proved that in Fridge Kiss worse than fucking a puppy to death. Look, I'm just showing you kind of one week's worth. I could spend my life

filming what people say about me. My beautiful cuties. I literally could have a show where all I do is collect the horrible comments in which people tell me and then release those comments publicly and it would be a fairly long show too and it would be ongoing Because this doesn't stop, my ladies, you must realize that the people that are obsessed with me are not the only ones that are on YouTube that are subscribed to me. I have many different video sources, and I don't even use YouTube as my source on my website.

To be honest, I don't care whatsoever about YouTube views because there are many people watching my videos from many different sources and there are regularly people who abuse me on a day-to-day basis. So if I ever want to fill my heart with the emotions of the people of this world, I only have to go and explore about what they say to me. Can you see how we flip what is bad into good, my gorgeous bunnies? To be honest, that's the only way to ingrain effective good.

If you want everlasting good, then you have to fight hard for it. That means that you have to do the right thing, and then you have to take that bad that was inflicted upon you and be very clever and devise a strategy to make it good. And then you make it good and live those results and then all the things that the people say are bad about you, you are actually proud of. I am very proud of getting kicked out of school for raising human rights concerns with the administration. I am also very happy that I have been incarcerated by the

Australian government for over a year of my life merely for utilizing my free speech. These are badges of honor and while onlookers go, hey this man's messed up because of the appearance of things the truth is in fact quite the opposite I am very happy that I have this fucking evil thread that follows me around everywhere I go and I am very happy that I have this evil fucking thread that follows me around everywhere I go. I am very happy that I can present these threads to my girls and enable them the ability to assess the situation using their own heart and mind. From the very beginning I have said that my work is for the few and not the many. Nietzsche's few and I have been very clear on this. It

took me a while to find my few. Actually I wasn't allowed to because a pedophile who makes videos for young girls is inappropriate. I am so happy my dears that I can share with you things that this world considers inappropriate for bodies as young as yours. I am very happy to expose all of these problems to children to prove and demonstrate beyond a shadow of a doubt that this was intentionally set up to produce these results. It has only been the last few

hundred years in which we have upped the marriageable age of girls from 12. For a very long time in human history 12 years old was the approximate perfect age to get married also back in the day fathers knew the values of their daughters and would actually seek out good men for their daughters and if they interact well together, if they get along well together, then arrange a marriage. It would be impossible for me to lose because I know very well how the female psychology works and if I was given one from childhood then we would be together always because she would understand that people like me don't exist in this world and that I'm something special and if I find her it's gonna be super cute you'll see because we're just gonna make one life and mush it together and and the public's gonna see it as it happens like I'm not gonna say oh I found my girl now and I'm gonna run away from the camera like that's not how it works I am not here to fuck young girls I am here to win a girl's marriage presents I am here to teach you that she should wait before she opens Pandora's box before you open Pandora's box for you are Pandora and you must now learn the lessons of her mythology she stared at the mystifying box she'd take one glance inside then be able to rid her mind of it forever stop stop stop stop wait wait wait wait wait wait think this out think please think girl I know it is super tempting. You yourself could even take it if you pleased. I am so blessed in this

life because I get the opportunity to discuss the following difficult topic with my preteen girls and that is your first time and I have thought very very very very very carefully about this over my whole life because my entire obsession in this life is that moment so i had to think a lot about if i was ever in that moment how would that moment unfold like what would be the best way for that moment to unfold for the girl because even though that's a huge moment for me because i'm taking something that i've wanted forever like that's a huge moment for the girl because they're the ones getting broken here so i'm just going to lay out the way that i think that that first time should look in a perfect relationship The man should be laying still, a rag doll with a boner, and the man should commit no actions whatsoever. The man should only do whatever the female wants him to do. So, the man should not take the girl's virginity. This is very hard because this whole world has been conditioned to think about it like this.

So it's the man taking the woman's virginity. But if the man is doing absolutely nothing except laying there, and the female is the one to do whatever they want and however they want, But like, I think about how scary it would be because it's going to hurt for just a little bit. And the thing is, is you've never felt this pain before, so you don't know what to expect. If the man just lays there and allows you to do whatever you want, then you are giving your virginity to him.

He is not taking it. In this life, my beautiful ladies, we have to protect what we love. Otherwise, we will lose it. I dedicate my life to protecting you.

I very much love your cherries, my goddesses. They play with my heart. You don't realize what you have. You have something special that only women receive, and they get the opportunity to give a gift once.

That whole psychology, the emotional aspect of it, has dominated my life. So, I am very obsessed with your cherries and keeping them intact. So, I dedicate my life to protecting your cherry. Don't let the cherry pickers pick all the cherries.

Don't let the cherry pickers pick all the cherries. Let me pick one cherry and I'll stay with that one forever. The most beautiful moment that I can possibly conceive of, like if it were possible to put all of the joy that I have ever experienced into one moment, if I could ever potentially experienced this moment, then everything in my life would have been worth it. And this moment would be the wedding night after marrying my 12-year-old wife. Good things come to those who

believe better things come to those who are patient and the best things come to those who never give up i have now shared with the entire world every single fantasy that is in my head there is nothing that I am capable of doing outside of this however everything that I have described myself capable of doing I am so you decide whether I am evil or good you're so cute how fun is this if I never stood up and said I want a 12-year-old girl, then I would never have that opportunity. If I never was incarcerated for standing up and saying that I want a 12-year-old girl, then I would have never had this opportunity. And do not get me wrong because I am not saying this is what is going to happen in my future. For I follow God in all things, meaning that God knows much better than I do, so wherever I end up is where I belong. But just by me merely being open and telling the true desires

of my heart have given me the opportunity to potentially achieve this. So don't worry about the haters, my heavenly stunners, because they are idiots and we are the smartest people in the world. And it will be very funny you and I banding together in order to make fun of these haters who are full-grown male adults that get laughed at by pre-teen females on a daily basis for being stupid. That is right, pre-teen girls are laughing every single day at these full-grown adults for what they say to me.

Should I care about the flawed opinion of LSD?

I only care about what you girls think, like you're my everything. everything and I don't have to change anything I do either because if if you're not that girl then you should walk away you're not that girl like only the girls that are that girl are watching this like so we now live in a world where my girls my preteen females are smarter than the adult men of this world, and they laugh at the adult men who spend their lives laughing at people like me. Irony?

You're so cute.

Look at you. Look at you watching me. Thanks for watching. I really do appreciate it.

Thank you, my girls. I love you so much.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



30-My-Girls-Pokemon-19-Our-Community-Forum

Imagine how beautiful my thread would be if people regularly used logic in it. Imagine what we could make this thread if instead of writing descriptions, we spoke emotionally and intellectually about the content in which i am discussing hey hey hey how you doing i love you how funny would it be if we turned a thread that was dedicated to making fun of me to actually discuss the topics in which I breach. Yeah, that's what I'm doing, I'm breaching.

Breaching is not doing what they tell me to do with what they provide me.

They tell you to make fun of me on this thread. But how funny would it be if we used this thread to discuss the topics in which I raise? It's so rare for someone to come to me and discuss the topics in which I raise. And it's almost non-existent for people out there in different communities to discuss the topics in which I raise.

Actually, they just insult me and that, I don't know, makes them feel better or something? and there is no hurry my gorgeous gems I know I launched this show very very very quickly and it probably won't continue to be produced like that pretty much I had to establish the show and that's been done now it is so difficult to not continue to press that record button though because idiots give me so much content to work with welcome to my girls this is a show about laughing at the true lolcals piss off you lurker here is the number one player in society Here is the majority of our women in society. Here is a disgusting idiot who is going to get tortured for all of eternity for his sins. Here is my neighbor. I dare you to come and combat me, fucker. Go to hell.

I could show you every single fucker on that site who's going to hell, which is almost all of them, but I am trying to encourage you to check it out yourself. It's funny, go ahead. My little girls, there is some not-safe-for-work content there. Enjoy.

Like I said, my mind is entirely yours, my beautiful, and my heart is entirely yours, my beautiful, and my image is entirely yours, my beautiful. There's only one person that gets to touch the physical though, so that's the only thing that I could not provide to all my girls. I had to figure out how to give as much as myself as I possibly could to every girl who fits the idea that I conceive as a real girl. I think that instead of trying to destroy their platform, we should just use their platform because we don't really have a community platform at the moment, so wouldn't it be cool if we just used this as our community platform? That would be cool.

I won't be creating an account there, but if you want to, then go ahead and I can use these videos to speak with you when you're talking on Kiwi Farm. So, if you want to speak directly to me, then you can, and you'll actually see my body and my mouth move, like, speaking directly to you. Like, it's a smart move. I'm not going to tell my girls to do anything.

That was something big about this whole show, is that I am no longer directing what people do. all I am here to do is to help to guide so my girls you do what you want and it doesn't matter I'm gonna still be happy and I'll still be here for you no matter what you do but do you realize this my beautiful young ones that if the entire public is against me then that makes me wrong and that makes it where you can propose an excuse to incarcerate me so if I don't have you girls to protect me then there is a good chance that I could end back up in a rubber room so that is why I've been showing you over the past few episodes that you should really protect what you love because once it's gone it's usually impossible to get it back with all of my heart my beautiful ladies I want to spend the rest of my life doing this for you but if I am not publicly supported then the community will not allow me to do that but if you support me publicly and say that you're following me publicly if you tell people this if you show that you're following me publicly then it's very difficult to incarcerate someone like me what are they going to do when young girls voluntarily come to a pedophile to speak with them like I'm not going to any young girls they are coming to me knowing that I am a pedophile. What are they gonna do? Lock me up for young girls coming to me? Are they going to lock me up because I'm romancing young girls into

philosophy? Are they going to lock me up for young girls coming to me because they want me to romance them like young girls are saying like Wendell romance me romance me Wendell so that's what I do man there was this fucking pedophile man and he just like talked about wisdom all the time and like young girls would fucking come to him and like want them to romance him like what a fucking pedophile we need to lock this guy up like young girls coming to him wanting be romanced like that's not normal um they're children they actually don't have you know autonomy they have no will of their own i'm the one exploiting them for them coming to me wanting me to romance them you can't gain consent from a child because they are so immature and they don't understand the consequences of their actions. So when a child comes to you wanting to be romanced by you, then you are raping them. You're exploiting them because, you know, like they don't have any free will of their own. You should stop allowing young girls to come to you requesting to be

romanced by you really this world lacks the ability to connect dots you have spoken my ladies and you want me my haters want to make fun of me but I no longer care about them because I have you and it's so funny because now my haters are making fun of someone who has lots of amazing gorgeous wives and to be honest the smartest wives in the world and their children most of them to be honest most of them aren't children some of them were children and I know this I also know that the more that I press this record button the more parents get exposed to me, and it is a possibility for something like that to turn divine. If you have a beautiful daughter and you are smart, you will give her to me. If you are a real parent and you have a beautiful daughter who is between the ages of 9 to 12 and you would like a real man for her in life, contact me. I have decided that I am going to run with this and accept nothing else so let me lay out my future plan to you. And if I do not achieve this plan, then I will

still be perfectly happy in life because I can just keep on making videos to my gorgeous girls. But here is my plan. I plan on finding the right girl and marrying her at the age of 12. This actually means that me finding a girl at the age of 12 would probably not be the most appropriate because I really don't want to be like, hey I just met you let's get married. I would much prefer to spend

some time training her until she reaches 12 and then marrying her. So that is why I gave the age ranges of 9 to 12 because 9 is very close to 12. That means that she is 9 10 11 or potentially 12 but if she was 12 everything would have to be perfect for that to work there is no time frame for me to obtain this goal of course the sooner the better but I'm a very patient man and I am very happy just to wait around for the right opportunity and I am very well trained at spotting the right opportunity. If I fail at obtaining my goal then I am still going to be a super happy person because I still have my girls. I still

half you if this has any chance of working girls then the girl who comes to me needs to be pretty persistent like I'm not gonna persist with your young girls because I can't touch you have to touch me that's how it works what would have happened if this person knew my secret? What world would we be living in right now if Michael Jackson was me and attempted what I have attempted? Because Because Michael Jackson is a god that is worshipped by the people of this planet. So everybody knows that he's a pedophile, yet most people still seem to love him.

I have never raped a child, nor would I ever, yet he most likely has. These are the gods of this world. So if mainstream manages to convince everybody that someone is a star and they are a pedophile then mainstream society is pretty happy just allowing that person to just rape children like as long as they don't publicize it. So like just do it behind closed doors and the people are fine with it as long as they don't find out, you know.

Like everybody knows he's a pedophile as long as they don't know for a fact that he actually raped a child. But what I'm doing, you know, trying to find one to marry, that's evil.

I love being the villain of this world, my girls. because being a villain is so fun because you don't have to worry about anybody else because you can just do whatever you want and not care about anybody else because it's not like you're trying to receive a good reputation because you already have a bad reputation so like it's fun to make a bad reputation and then just exploit that bad reputation and just like be a super villain So fun join me be super villas with me

One of my girls tricked me the other day, and it was super hilarious Like she's like we're just talking and then she goes can you speak in tongues and I'm like

What what seriously? I I thought she was serious.

She also told me another super amusing joke. I was saying, you know, oh, I'm a pastor's kid. You know, pastor's son. I grew up a pastor's son.

And then she goes, yeah, and now your father preaches about raccoons. because that is literally what he spends his life doing now i enabled him to be able to publish books i'm the one that taught him how to use photoshop and taught him how to publish and taught him formatting and taught him everything he knows about how to do it and very shortly after i taught him everything, after I spent, what, three months or so teaching him everything, he was very, very happy to drop me as a son. So, now I no longer speak to him, but he got what he wanted out of it, and now he's publishing, thanks to me spending a long time training him in it. This was given for free, meaning that over a handful of months, I spent countless hours teaching him all of this. I will tell you how the relationship was broken, but you are welcome

to check that out in the show Enos Shaw could. However, what occurred was I no longer wanted to involve myself in mainstream medicine. It tortured me over my life, so I decided to remove myself from it. So I asked for support from my father, and by support, all I mean is that I asked him if I get abducted by the government to just give them a call and tell them I love who I am. I'm happy being me. Please stop trying to force me to be

someone else." That is all I requested of him was to support me in that decision. Guess what his answer was? I will paraphrase, but pretty much no chance in hell. But my father is a doctor, meaning that he knows how to educate my girls better than I do. For this, my girls, is what you need to focus your life on. This

is my father's life's work. Can you see he included some graphs to prove all of his points. I very much love my father with all of my heart. He spent his life dedicated to being paid in return for teaching children what did he teach children you know science and history and that sort of thing what did he teach children please do not get me wrong my children for my father is a very successful man who spent his life being educated in areas that have no effect whatsoever towards anything. He is the top of the top. He was Dean, for goodness

sakes, of a university. You can't get higher than my father. I'm just rubbish like, you girls should be looking at my father at you. My father, my beautiful ladies is single. My father is the one who knows education and not I. My father

has spent his life invested in peer-reviewed journal articles and everything from peer-reviewed journal articles is undisputed fact. Everybody knows that what is your education system doing to you my girls what is it that you are learning truly where is the heart what can you take away from it that you can then apply to everyday life please listen carefully my dears for i have spent my entire life including childhood Wasting my time away in school For they taught me nothing Even it being a philosophy degree I am much better off with the internet To teach me in all of the areas in which I am most interested in life Do you want to know your true school, my beautiful girls? It's right here on the internet. If we work very, very hard to demonstrate that we are a real school, then there is a chance that we could get you out of your school. We build it, my gorgeous stunners. My gorgeous stunners is what God has

promised us. It is ours for the taking. It is ours for the taking. Thank you for watching my foxy females. Thank you for making my life full of awesomeness. Like

seriously, wow, couldn't be better. Like, thank you so much. I love you with all my heart and absolutely no pressure taking over kiwi farms i'm just suggesting things like i said from the very beginning of this show this show will not be telling you or advising you to do anything This show is just to share heart with you, to share my heart with you, specifically you.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



30-My-Girls-Pokemon-20-Moon-Queens

Look at this. Seven quality episodes in one day. I think I have way outdone myself over the last 24 hours. Good job, Wendell, and you're not even lacking sleep.

19 episodes of your best work Wendell in five days. Good job. I do not understand why people watch mainstream crap because this is so much better. Like I'm obsessed with my own work too.

Like my work's awesome. It's amazing. It's really cool. And I'm one of my own girls too. You gotta

realize I'm watching these too and I'm feeling the emotions that Wendell's putting in me. What can you get out of watching some mainstream crap? Whereas what can you get out of watching this? Like how does it compare? And this is

entertaining too. So like here you get the best of both worlds because you get to be entertained and you also get to be educated. How do their big explosions compare with mine, my girls? Which films make a bigger impact on society? Mainstream or mine?

I watch a few mainstream shows, mainly comedies or dystopian future type shows. However, to be honest, I want to replace most, if not all, of my mainstream media intake with you girls. That would be awesome.

Just so you ladies know, I have not read most of that Kiwi Farms article on me. It's just page after page after page of abuse. I read the first page and then scrolled through the second page And then looked at the last pages So I followed it mostly since I found out about it But there were already quite a few pages when I found out about it And to be honest I am not capable of enduring the abuse of sitting through reading the comments made about me So, you girls, if you have seen the Kiwi Farms, you've seen more than I have, because I refuse to read all the past stuff, because it just makes me sad.

I really wonder if people realize what I did here. I wonder if people can see the secret of what I just did here. and is not wrong whatsoever because you need to decide for yourself you need to assess the information yourself and then decide for yourself yes you might be a child but you still have the right to look at information especially in regards to me mean this is all about me these are other people that are posting this about me and you have every right to see what they're saying so you can assess to see whether or not what I'm saying is correct or incorrect enjoy girls my page is all about me and I'm allowed to direct anybody who I want there I choose to direct my preteen girls there talent hits a target no one else can hit genius hits a target no one else can see did you mothers and fathers realize that your little girls are actually sexually driven everything that I have done in this life to the minuscule detail has been perfect the The idiots of this world did exactly what I thought they would with it, which made me look bad for 10 years. But then, when I reach your underage daughter's eyes, she comes to me, not I, her.

I don't need to come to any woman. If there's any girl out there that wants this, you gotta chase because I'm not doing any chasing. If you girls want me, you're gonna have to drop that whole hard to get act because that will not work in this situation. Remember, I am also one of my girls and it is actually me this time that is playing hard to get and trust me oh boy am i hard to get do not try my little beautiful gems if you are not up to the task this show is not just going to be hammering this point in throughout every episode I actually spend my life covering many, many different topics, and right now, this is one of them.

I am not going to go around the rest of my life on a video begging young girls to come to me. I am setting the stage for this TV show, and it's pretty funny because we are 20 episodes in and still setting the stage. What do you reckon this TV show is going to become my exquisite beauties? Do you know the key to my total enlightenment?

Do you want to know the key to solving all of my problems in this world? What fixed everything for me? To be able to talk to you, a preteen girl, like you are my wife. Because that capability really plays with my heart, like just being able to worship You like this? Like, it makes me feel so good that I get to worship you.

Thank you, God, for giving me these beautiful girls to worship. I love you, God. My dear girl, listen to me. I promise you that I am not trying to flatter you.

I am telling you the truth. Look at your soul. Look at you. Look at you.

You're right there. You're watching me. And I'm talking about wisdom and your heart's holding on. wow you make me so happy thank you i love you with all my heart i don't want anything from any of you like no one has to give me anything i don't have to find this girl it doesn't matter nothing like that matters i'm just so grateful for the opportunity to kneel and then bow for you are the princess of the world look at what content your heart is holding on to look at the emotional aspect of what you're grabbing onto and wow like you are literally everything i wanted in this life and you really make me happy thank you so much for being here thank you for watching dear girl. I am just a lowly servant to children in this world. My job is to train you to become

the queen of the world. That is my job. I am nothing in this life. You are. For my ladies

who have not seen my old work. Let us make it clear who I am. I am possessed by Satan. When I was nine years old, I was abducted by the occult, and a fox was sacrificed over my chest, and from that moment on, I had a new entity within me. But I want to make it clear

that I am not Satanist. I have been battling this demon since it was put into me, and eventually I won it over. It took ages, mate. So, you might be dealing with Jesus Christ here, But you are also dealing with the Antichrist.

And the great deception is that we are one and the same. The Antichrist is Jesus Christ reincarnated.

And that was the test for Christians. They miserably failed. I told you this before, but I will elaborate. I am not a real person. I am plastic. From childhood, I saw my vessel and considered over a long period of time the most effective way to utilize that vessel to maximize its potential in life.

I am not a real person. I am faking this life through. I am an archetype. And no, I am not God. But I am part of God. God released me from itself. And then put me into a human body.

this is the truth and I just want you to see that so you can know what you are getting into because I have created all of this very thoughtfully so that we could together save the world I am NOT like anyone of this plane I am NOT a real person. I am a fake person faking existence in a fake world. I realized from a very young age that if I do things that people don't like, but it's the right thing to do, and I just keep doing it again and again and again, never stop, ever, ever, ever, ever, then eventually this world would come around. So I created a fake life in my head to play out and that's what I'm doing right now.

My voice is like this because I'm a fake person. I've been telling everybody that since the beginning. Then no one believed me and then everybody started calling me fake person and calling me possessed and stuff so it's like hey we don't believe you and then we'll accuse you of it like make fun of you for it even though you've been telling us this the whole time and isn't our world great I am a sociopath I don't have any connections in this world that matter to me and you still love me I very much want this world to be destroyed so that we can rebuild it afresh. And I honestly do not care how many people die in that process.

My love, you are the only motivation that I have in life. You are the only reason I care about this. You are doing me a great service by allowing me to worship you my beautiful girls and for that I will give my life to you and ask nothing thank you because my beautiful ones when I obtained my girls when my girls came to me when you came to me that is when I started creating the TV show show my girls yeah it took me a little bit i had to think about how to do it like you were coming to me and i'm like well how can i connect my girls how can i connect my girls how can i connect my girls how can i connect my girls i will take you i don't care if we have differences in opinions I very much like differences in opinions because I don't train robots. I very much dislike interacting with the people who go, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, everything you're saying is right, everything you're saying is right, like, come on, like, throw some shit in there, let's play it up, let's mess around with shit.

The truth is, my haters are perfect for me because I was built a real warrior, not like this fool, and I am ready to destroy this fool. I am a soldier, a real warrior, and I spend my life fighting for good causes instead of fighting to oppress people like LSD. Come on girls let's do it let's march onward Wendell soldiers marching on to war With the cross of Jesus going on before Enos our royal master leads against the pho The world wants you to think that I will lead you to hell. This is what is known as the Great Deception, because those who believe that go to hell.

For false messiahs and false prophets will appear and perform great signs and wonders to deceive, if possible, even the elect. And that is the big test for humanity. So, hey, there's this guy that's chasing your daughters. What do you do? Do you, like, welcome him with open arms, or do you reject him?

For God so loved the world that he gave me, that whosoever believes in me shall not perish, but have everlasting life. I am the way and the truth and the life.

No one, not a single one, comes to the Father except through me.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



30-My-Girls-Pokemon-21-Barbie-World

It's so funny. They keep writing descriptions that are terrible, that are incredibly inaccurate, that tell lies, and that reposition the truth to make me sound like I am uneducated. But it is okay because war is brewing on my community forum. It was hilarious because LSD missed all of the secret information that I hid.

They are so stupid and they're just publicly making themselves look stupid because people can watch the original and then examine his descriptions and then go, hey wait that's not what happened what the crap are you talking about who wins this person wins because so far they are the only one who have been capable of utilizing logic on this thread it's amazing how you have an entire thread about a philosopher you know logic And the entire thread is made by people who are not philosophers, who know nothing about logic. Things will take time, because I don't expect this show to gain instant popularity. We just have to tiptoe it, my girls.

The Tortoise. Always wins the race But here is the trick For I am not merely a tortoise But I am also the hare What is it truly that I am doing wrong? What is it truly that my crimes are? If you would like to know my reach As far as my audience goes As far as my own sources that I have So I don't know what other people copy and then what they watch But as far as what I can monitor myself I obtain usually between 1 to 1.5 thousand views per day That's a lot of people watching me, my girls I know that you girls are very shy most of you are just watching mesmerized I hope to eventually one day change that but there's no pressure just be yourself I reckon that this is the best way to train a female to just be there for her and enable her in life and don't tell her to do anything, let her choose what she wants to do. And the thing is that the people

that are going to end up being very close to me in my life are going to be the people that choose to do the right thing and then don't stop. So you girls that want me involved in your life, you gotta be brave. This has all been quite difficult for me because I knew since the beginning that Ivory is very, very shy and she doesn't want to be anywhere near a camera or a public view whatsoever. So it's a very difficult task to try and encourage a shy girl to come out of her shell. The best actions possible that a girl could

take would be her making her own decisions about what she wanted to do and then her using her own autonomy to make those decisions. And this is going to be awesome because I'm doing nothing I'm just watching and I'm gonna get to see my girl stand up and and I'm I'm so proud of you ladies I'm not telling you to do anything yet you make your own choice and when I see you do the right thing oh boy am I proud how good would it make me feel if I'm going yeah you girl you do this and you go yep you do this and you do that and you do that yeah and then all the girls do what i say and like like that's not like that's not power that's like insanity i realized in this show that true power is just enabling all of those around you to be their best self and in time those individuals who you helped create may stand up for you and if that happens then that result is so much more rewarding than if you were to tell people to do this and that and that and up. You have your own autonomy. You are a child and you have free will. You have

consent. You have free will to go to a website dedicated to me that is not safe for work. This would be entirely wrong for me to do and entirely illegal if I was the one who created that site but I had nothing whatsoever to do with that site and I refused to create an account on that site cause and effect you create an entire website obsessed with detailing every outline of my life but reframing it to make it paint me in a bad aspect and in that website you release nude content of mine but you gotta realize that you are making a thread about a guy who makes videos for children and you think that children should not have the right to view this thread about me when my audience is children. You have given the children of the world an opportunity to see me naked and I very much appreciate your toils and providing me such a golden opportunity. It means the world to me. I love you my girls.

my entire image is yours I would have never been able to accomplish a task on my own such as that oh boy would that be a hard task to spread your naked body amongst the preteen girls of the world I will mention that I don't think that they managed to extract all of my nudity, there is still hidden gems that they have yet to find. But my girls, think about it. My nudity was expressed in films during important parts in the films as an artistic representation and not asexual expression, but my ladies, these obsessed idiots of kiwi farms, have actually isolated those incidents and even created screenshots to share with the world. So they removed the context entirely of those scenes and made it now where I am just a porn star in this world, instead of expressing a deeply intellectual artistic image.

God plans everything to a T. What I wanted to accomplish in this life, but have been unable to, either my haters will accomplish it for me, or my girls will. What is it that wins in the end? A lie or a truth?

Thank you very much Kiwi Farms for creating that post. It seriously means the world to me because I would have never been able to enable the preteen girls of the world to view me naked without your help so thank you so much for giving me the opportunity to enable preteen girls to see my naked body because through God all things are possible because the truth is that your underage daughters are sexual creatures and I will prove that I love you girls you're so cute I really appreciate you watching thank you so much but remember my girls, that I am not a real person. I am a Barbie doll. I am an archetype, a fake person faking my way through a fake life. So if you are to chase me, then you are to be my equal,

meaning that you too are to be a fake person you too will be an archetype i am not interested in being with any humans in this world my soulmate is a fake person an archetype i said from the very beginning of this show, that this show is not made for humans. This show is made for goddesses. And to be honest, what does it take to create a god or goddess, an archetype? Let me explain how archetypes work, my beautiful bunnies. Use this

life to scour the internet for the best people that you can find. So find the role models in this world who you emotionally connect with strongest and then you emulate them. Do not limit yourself to only those who are living, for the dead have a world of knowledge. In addition, do not limit yourself to only fact, for fictional archetypes are oftentimes more real than the ones which play out in reality. Tell me how this person right here is appropriate to

write descriptions. He not only has absolutely no training in philosophy, he also is entirely biased in his descriptions because he does not report on the information that makes him look stupid. So if you're not reporting on the information that makes you look stupid, then you're not giving an accurate account of what's actually going on. So, how on earth is this guy fit to exist with the rest of us? We need to send him to the hotel called a

concentration camp. And use Can you see? They don't want you to use logic in this thread. there is absolutely no way that they can win because this show is entirely about that thread and we're just going to march on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on there is no way we can lose this i very much advocate for the death penalty not for crimes but for character or lack thereof So if someone is unscrupulous and hurts people throughout their entire life and they've been given many chances, then we should not have to tolerate with their presence.

When someone spends their life hurting other people, something needs to be done about it to stop it. We currently encourage it in society. Look at the internet, hate is not a crime, hate is the dominant ideology. Here is what the haters do, so this individual presents logic, so that's something to discuss.

So there's a topic here that he's raising that is open for discussion, right? And instead of discussing it, instead they just insult this person. So now this person is autistic because this person uses logic, but he won't then speak about that logic and then try to work it out. He just then calls this person autistic.

All of my points are proven for LSD is an obvious Satanist for he has inverted the truth because autism is a disorder that impairs the ability to communicate and interact. And my friend who presented Logic was raising a communications topic and then LSD called him autistic, refusing to speak about the subject, Meaning that his ability to communicate is greatly impaired. Meaning that he is calling someone who is not autistic, autistic. And the reality is he's actually showing great signs of autism.

The purpose of mortal life is for men and women to be sealed together, forming bonds that allow them to progress eternally together in the afterlife. Hey, I love you, my friends. For what does age mean when you are dealing with eternity? This world does not believe in God, and that means that they do not believe in eternity.

So they then force their beliefs on everybody by raising the age of marriage to 18. I very much wonder how many marriages exist today where the partners are virgins. How many exist where even one of the partners are virgins? This world encourages promiscuality.

They encourage people to explore sexually with as many people as possible before settling down. every time sex occurs hey girl I'm giving you a little bit of my soul it's no longer mine it's yours okay I'm gonna go have sex with another girl now so hey girl I'm gonna give you a little bit of my soul now it's yours it's no longer mine oh I'm gonna have sex with another girl here's a little bit of my soul it's no longer mine it's yours like eventually there's no soul left in this person but girls you have to realize that this all occurred intentionally it It wasn't atheists who created this agenda. It was actually Satanists who created this agenda to further their own. So, these Satanists very much love atheism.

We live in such a strange world because the majority of the people in this world are atheists. But, to be honest, the majority of the people don't claim themselves to be atheists. So, even though it's obvious that they're atheists because you can tell by the way they live their lives, Like, they wouldn't live their lives like that if they believed in God, but then publicly, like, upon appearance, they, like, yeah, I'm a godly person following, you know, God, because that public appearance makes them look like they're going to get into heaven. Like, it's a crutch.

God will not stand behind anyone who uses him as a crutch. God wants people to come to him on their own free will and choose to follow him because of how amazing he is. I'm not going to stand behind God just because it promised me paradise for eternal life. I'm going to stand behind God because man, God is freaking awesome and there is no one I would prefer to stand behind.

I am an archetype, meaning that when I was a child I saw my shell and I looked around and contemplated how I wanted my shell to act and interact with the world. and I could find no better to emulate than God. So I have spent my life examining the works of God and attempting to emulate, to reproduce, to be God. I am the closest that you are going to find to God in this world.

in human form because I have spent my life emulating God and that is the beauty about archetypes because when you find someone who you deeply respect and you emulate them then eventually that becomes your natural behavior so eventually the emulation becomes a reality now let's come full circle and for me to show you the big secret behind everything because I have always rejected this until now but I did this so that I could show you the truth because when you emulate something eventually it will possess you this is the truth For I am the way and the truth and the life, and not a single soul comes to the Father except through me.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



30-My-Girls-Pokemon-22-Mother-Mary

He sets himself up in God's temple, proclaiming himself to be God.

Come on Barbie, let's go party. I'm a Barbie girl in a Barbie world. My boobs are plastic, aren't they fantastic? You can brush my hair, don't wear underwear.

Actually, just took it off for the scene. I'm your biggest fan I'll follow you until you love me until you love me my girls my girls I'm your biggest fan I'll follow you till the end till you love me and forever after I thought the girls didn't exist I spent my life looking for I couldn't find them and I thought they weren't there, and then I just started talking too long and acting like they existed who show up and it's like I've been searching my whole life for you. I love you so much. Thank you for existing and thank you for being you.

Thank you for being one of my girls. You are one of my girls, and I don't care about your gender. Who is the greatest in the kingdom of heaven?

Truly I tell you, unless you change and become like little children, you will never enter the kingdom of heaven. Therefore, whoever takes the lowly position of this child is the greatest in the kingdom of heaven. You are the greatest, my dears, which is why I I spend so much effort to let you know how beautiful you are to me because you need to know that you are the best in the world. But please do not get me wrong. Listen carefully because once you realize this, you go from the top to the bottom.

When you become queen, you realize that everybody who you inspire in life, everybody who follows you in life, you are there to serve. For you are the greatest because you are a servant and you are humble and you recognize that you are a lowly position that is dedicated to empowering others to eventually also see this. I need to build your confidence of your heavenly character before I can ground you back to the earth. I need to teach you how to fly before you can teach your peers how to fly.

You just have to keep your happy thoughts. You need to know what a gorgeous individual you are. in order to empower you to achieve all of your dreams in life because oh my goodness you are such a gorgeous individual look at what you are watching your hearts connecting with this and and this isn't mainstream stuff like this is way outside the box and and wow you're such a beautiful person and you need to realize that like you're like the top of the top and and you need to understand that that before you can actually take that power because once you understand how important you are in this world, your world will change. I will spend my life telling you how beautiful you are so that you don't really need another person to ever tell you that you are beautiful again. Although I hope to

create the conditions in the society for you to be able to find someone like me in the end. And that would result in you having your own guy to worship you. And I know in the girl worship episode, I was saying, you know, don't worship another human, but you should worship your partner like god wants us to worship our partners like that's how we fly together so like you don't want to worship because your partner is yourself like you take two souls and you make it into one so you're on one soul there i am an exception to the rule i will worship all of you girls so that can pass this knowledge on to humanity. However, I very much only recommend worshipping your soulmate. And I'm being very clear about that, your soulmate. I'm

not saying your partner. Like, don't be with a partner. If you are merely with a partner after you pass your souls will go in different directions and then you will be eternally alone we have an eternity and that is why this life is so important because the decisions in this life will determine what content is within that eternity because our eternity after this life will just constantly replay the consequences of our actions in this life. So that is why the actions that we take in this life are so important because they will have

you shouldn't so much worry about punishing people or whatever because they will be punished eternally for everything they do so it's really sad when you see people that make terrible actions because like in my mind I just go man like this person's crazy because they're gonna have to pay for this in the afterlife and they just don't realize it and it's really sad to see it. I am a self-proclaimed philosophy teacher. I am a wannabe game designer because I only want to be it. It's not like I actually, you know, am it.

You know, I'm just a wannabe. Just a wannabe.

I know they're simple, but I still am a game designer. And I've never made a game in my life. And right now, at this very moment, there isn't a lot of people that are playing my game because i'm just a wannabe game designer it's not like i getting lots of people like all around me wanting to play my game except all the people that are around me playing my game i am a self-proclaimed time traveler even though i did it on camera and proved it beyond a shadow of a doubt but i'm not really any of this stuff. I'm not a philosopher. I'm not a filmmaker. I'm not any of this.

I am not a sociologist. I am not a teacher. I am not a preacher. I am not a human rights activist, and I am not a musician. I am not a political leader, and I am not a scientist or a mathematician.

I am not a video producer, nor am I a graphic designer. I am just a pothead who actually has never regularly smoked pot. In this world, fighting for truth and being honest and attempting to fix its problems is called oversharing personal information my girls the truth my beauty queens is that reaping souls was a clever trick that I devised to tell people that they're going to hell because a person who commits bad actions that evil tainted soul is going to go to hell for their actions automatically I don't have to do anything like I just been pretty much telling them that they're going to hell and I only tell people this who have committed actions that have gone beyond the point of no return so all I do is tell them that I I reap their soul when the truth is that they already reaped their own soul probably long ago. How can you reap a soul if there is no soul in there? It's

impossible. It's just my clever way of telling them that they have no soul. We are each provided with a base soul upon our birth and we either choose to give it away to forfeit it or to add to it to gain to it so this life is to build your soul it's not something that already existed you will either gain or lose soul depending on what you obsess over in this life the more soul you gain the The more unique of a person that you will become and the more irreplaceable you will be. If you really enjoy a content producer who lives through their heart, take their soul.

It is yours for that taking. I know my dears, reading is so old school, but please do not forget our ancient texts of wisdom. And most of these are available in audiobooks, so if you hate reading, you don't have to do that. Life is a journey, a game, to collect souls, the souls that closestly resonate with your heart. So utilize this life to collect the souls of the best

people that you can find and integrate them into your own why is this so important my dears because every little bit of soul that you collect during your time in this world is eternal meaning that it will follow you around after your death what is it that we should be collecting in this world material possessions the reason my plan will work is because I am unique I am one of a kind you can't find me anywhere so if a girl really wants me that needs to look like mom dad there is this amazing man who I very much want to marry and I I will never be able to find someone like him in this world.

So I'm going to fight you until you say yes, you can marry this man.

None of this will work, my dear, unless we get your parents on board. So we have to be clever how we are going to do that. Because ultimately we need your parents to fight for this to happen too. You are unique my dear. You were built to make videos with me for the rest of our

lives together. You're so cute. Humanity does not understand the technology in which video provides and how it absolutely changes everything because before video you had to be next to that person and that's how you shared souls besides books but to be honest it's only been relatively recently that the public the general public have become literate but to be honest they're not literate just because they can read the words does not mean they can understand what is expressed within those words. It's just like LSD fake warrior. He has no

emotional capacity, yet he watches most of my videos, yet he has no ability to comprehend the meaning within the videos. You cannot teach a dead horse. I very much want all of your gorgeous souls because you are my flower and I love you with all of my heart. What is marriage? Who gave the right to the government to

control who can and cannot marry because it was not God. Me and my girls reject the government's authority over us. We do not stand under the government. We do not understand. We will

marry whoever the fuck that we want. We will not utilize their system to approve marriage. We will approve marriage on video publicly to the entire world. How is a marriage performed to the entire world any less valid than a marriage performed privately.

Excuse me, government. Me and this beautiful lady are deeply in love and we would like to marry. We were just wondering if that was okay. No? Okay, sorry to bother you. I'll

try not to annoy you too much in the future. Why do we have to ask the government before we do anything? The government is not directed towards wisdom whatsoever. Why on earth do we need their approval to take actions?

The government does not even care about morality. In fact, they only care about public opinion. The government exists not to enforce good, but to enforce the dominant ideology, to enforce the collective perception. The government may or may not pass the law that the majority of the people want.

If the majority of the people want me incarcerated, then that is what happens. Their morality is based upon collective ideology. They have no heart. Why the fuck are we following these fools?

We pay them lots and lots and lots of money so that they can tell us what to do. Their entire system only cares about money and they are very happy to exploit people, animals and the world to obtain more money. It's not even summer yet and it's freaking hot. Anyway, my friend, this is not so much about the age of consent.

To be honest, I don't really agree with that. I think sex is marriage. So this is about the marriageable age and not the age of consent. Love you, my friend.

The age of consent has never been a problem for me. it's always been the marriageable age that has been a problem for me for I am not here to fuck girls I am here to find one of them and marry. Mary, Mary and Joseph, she was 12 years old when they combined lives. For the Lord appeared to me in reality and said, Wendell, son of David, do not be afraid to take Mary home as your wife, because what is conceived in her is from the Holy Spirit.

I love you, my elegant charmers. Thank you so much for watching. It really means the world to me. You are so beautiful.

I'm such a fortunate guy to have you in my life. Thanks for watching, girls.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



30-My-Girls-Pokemon-23-Super-Girls

I am a self-proclaimed philosopher. I don't have any experience or qualifications. I am also a self-proclaimed educator. I also have no experience or qualifications within education.

It is also extremely irrelevant that the majority of my philosophy major was spent focused on the philosophy of education. And I am very sorry, my girls, because I do not excel with the English language. I am nothing in this world, my gorgeous charmers, because I don't have an education or experience in any of the stuff I am doing. I am just a self-proclaimed madman.

So please be careful, my loves, when taking what I say seriously, because I am uneducated and unexperienced, so what I have to say isn't really important. It's not like I spent my entire life since childhood based in these subjects. To obtain real knowledge, my cuties, you must go to university and you must spend a lot of money there so that you can obtain access to factual peer-reviewed journal articles. Because these peer-reviewed journal articles are solid because they have been examined by many eyes. So that makes the peer-reviewed articles, you know, knowledge. So that's the

only knowledge that we have in this world and you girls need to understand this. Because to obtain the occupation in which you want in life, you have to go to school and be told how to carry out that occupation. And if you choose to carry out that occupation in a different way, then the system won't allow you to do that because you're wrong, because the universities are right. I mean, look at all the minds that went into the universities.

You can't have something that's wrong that the collective implement. You got to understand, girls, that everything that the collective thinks is completely 100% accurate. And even when they find new information and change the old information to new information, you got to realize that it's completely accurate, or at least the most accurate picture that we are able to obtain. So one individual cannot obtain an accurate picture.

It's only a collective that can do that. So you need to dedicate your life to spending lots of money on studies that will then teach you how to do things properly because you can't do things how you want. You have to do things like they say. I'm telling you, the peer-reviewed journal articles say it.

It proves everything that I'm saying. The collective is the ultimate good, my beautifuls, because it's a check and balance. The collective keeps everybody in line. So if one person gets out of line, the collective will straighten them up because the collective has many, many hearts and minds and bodies working towards it, so everything that the collective says is correct or at least the most accurate and will get even more correct and everything the individual says is incorrect.

So let's focus all of our effort on creating collective works and let's forget that individuals exist because they don't. Only the collective exists because there's only one mind, like we're a hive mind and if you can't see that then you're blind. Everybody, my beautiful girls, need to have the same values because if they don't, this creates controversy in the world and that creates war and violence and other evil stuff. So we all need to think the same exact thing and if we don't, that's a red flag.

That's like incarceration material. So if someone's not thinking the same as us, then we need to incarcerate them and utilize methods of manipulation in order to set them straight because everything that the collective says is, you know, morally, ethically good, because it's checks and balances, because, you know, one person can't be right when the whole collective says something else, you know?

Those who live according to the flesh have their minds set on what the flesh desires, But those who live in accordance with the Spirit have their minds set on what the Spirit desires.

The mind governed by the flesh is death.

But the mind governed by the Spirit is life and peace. The mind governed by the flesh is hostile to God. It does not submit to God's law, nor can it do so.

To my girls, the women of this world are so complacent. Rise up and listen to me. Your daughters who feel secure, hear what I have to say. In little more than a year, you who feel secure will tremble.

The grape harvest will fail, and the harvest of fruit will not come. Tremble, you complacent women. Shudder, you daughters who feel secure. Strip off your fine clothes, and wrap yourselves in rags.

for the truth is my beautiful one rags are if I was not hated in this world then I would have done something wrong and I would be very worried and I'd be going I'm getting out of this shit because of what I'm presenting because our collective values have prohibited it. And I decided to challenge that. So if there were not people who were uncomfortable about this, then that would make me very sad because that would then reflect bad on society saying that, go ahead, take the children. Like, we need to protect our children. So, everything turned out for the best, and everything that

happened was absolutely perfect, because it enabled me to be a supervillain in this world, which also enabled me to do what I want, because I don't have to please anybody. don't be a hero my little stunners be a villain because then your possibilities open up infinitely because as a villain you don't have to please people because there's no one that's worshiping you like the gods of this world have to please their people because they have lots of people worshiping them like and they want that worship I don't want the worship so I just like to make people pissed off I very much want people pissed off that I'm searching for your underage daughter because that's how I'll find her because the more pissed off they get the more they talk about it and then the more my name gets out there and then the more little girls see see it's the master plan and it's gonna work and if it doesn't work it doesn't matter anyway because i got my girls this world was so stupid because they don't understand they just like oh he'll get rid of it he'll just like drop it it's fine but that's not how it works a personal mission statement defines who you are as a person and identifies your purpose whether that's in office or simply life. It explains how you aim to pursue that purpose and why it matters so much to you. People call me manic because I make lots of videos, but this is my full-time job. My entire life is revolved around making videos. Yes, I don't get paid for it because

the society is really really corrupt however this is my full-time job so it's not even my job it's everything like it's my life like because my job a job would like kind of speed like nine to five it would stop but my entire life around the clock is revolved around this and i've had people say you know who you present yourself to be in videos and stuff like that but you have to realize i am what I'm presenting because my life isn't filled with people. My life is right here. So like there's not a difference. I am me. I am showing you me. This is me. This is who I am. And this is what

I spend my life talking to you. That's what I spend my life doing. So how can I be someone different than who I present myself to be when my whole life is here do you understand like it's so like humans love to accept contradictions it's so weird it's annoying because they love contradictions that have no logical sense but then when I state a contradiction that that actually both like even with the contradiction both statements can be true they go he contradicted himself like his whole his whole argument is invalid but they contradict themselves without logic and I contradict myself with logic because in some situations you can hold like two different values completely opposite and both can be correct it's just so strange because to be a philosophy teacher in this world they give you content and then you have to teach that content so So like they have to teach what like old philosophers that are dead said and like what they think. So like a philosopher of modern day world is talking about philosophers of the ancient world and that's how they teach.

So they don't, you know, teach from their heart like they're teaching. It's mechanical. After I completed my philosophy degree, Murdoch University made it very clear that I would never be one of their professors. They actually put me under disciplinary action for protesting human rights violations in which they committed, and that information is on both Project Notebook and Time Machine.

But, I managed to not get kicked out of that school, so I was able to complete the degree. It's such a common theme in society. Complain about human rights violations, be punished. Complain about human rights violations, be punished.

It's like, that's how the entire system is set up. If you have something to say to an individual, or even an organization, that the content will make them feel uncomfortable, then they will not talk about that content. They will ignore that you said it, and then they'll put you under disciplinary action or some type of way to punish you for doing good. People like this fake warrior are the reason that all of these problems exist.

This idiot is the one who created all of these problems in which I describe. You really can't blame the government because he is the government. because he is the one directing the government, because it's people like him that the government respects. They respect him so much that I am pretty sure that we have police that regularly monitor that thread so they can see what I have been up to.

Thank you so much, LSFuckingD, for providing the police descriptions, very accurate descriptions, of all of my videos. It really means the world to me. Because of your virtuous actions, now the police are not required to watch my videos to know what I do. How awesome is that?

I have been violently arrested by police on many occasions, yet I have a perfect record. Okay, so let's think about this. There's this guy who complains about it. Human rights violations in which society makes on an everyday basis and continues to make even after I identify them, right?

What are you going to do with this guy? You've got to get like between three and five police to jump on this guy, beat the living shit out of him. You know, he's not fighting back, so like beat the living shit out of a rag doll and then put cuffs on it and throw it back in the paddy wagon and then talk for the next fucking hour about what you're going to do with this guy who committed no fucking crimes. Free speech is the right to express any opinions without censorship or restraint.

Any opinions.

Yet, Western society very much prides itself on having free speech. Here is the truth. Our free world was implemented as a guise because freedom of speech was perfectly okay when video was not a source that could be accessed by the common people. But when a video camera becomes affordable to a poor person like me, then freedom of speech is no longer allowed because freedom of speech only applies when the government and our businesses, our industry, Like, when all of these authorities say it's okay to speak, then they have freedom of speech.

So, if the authorities say it's not okay for this person to speak, then there's no freedom of speech. So, we do have freedom of speech in society as long as the authorities approve it. I have committed absolutely no crimes, besides jaywalking. So, there is nothing that they can do to me currently. However, I do look forward to my wedding night, because I will be committing a crime that night and every night after that.

It doesn't have to be daily, but I'm going to spend my life making sure that you're satisfied. And that's something that they don't really do in this world. Like, it's really strange because so many girls in this world use sex as a control method. For example, my ex-wife would often not have sex with me for three or four months.

and then have sex with me so like most of the time like not all the time but most of the time it was like three or four months and like every time i wanted it she's like oh my head hurts and then she would laugh like oh my head hurts ha ha ha ha ha and i was like well that how does that make me feel like you gotta satisfy your partner in every single aspect and that's what this world doesn't care about they don't care about satisfying their partners if i'm really wanting it girl and you're just not in the mood like at the very least you could let me hump your leg I will never hurt you and I think aggression in the bedroom is wrong I will worship you all of my life and give you every opportunity possible i will be very very gentle and i will do my best to figure out all of your pure desires and work very hard to make every single fantasy that you have a reality because together my dear girl we are unstoppable and why merely because we saw the value in a romantic relationship in this world we were not attempting to satisfy our physical needs we were attempting to connect souls what is romance do you think romance is sticking a penis in a vagina that is very beautiful though it is divine especially that moment where the seed has been planted oh my goodness plays with my heart and this is the way we should be thinking about sex making love of course some moments might be more primal than others but I guess that would depend on what our emotions were going through at the time and that's why a relationship like this could be so beautiful because we could experience everything together. I absolutely love the female body and I absolutely love the female body when the female takes care of it and grows into a gorgeous adult and you girls you can't get out of my mind like you're just always running my mind like from the very beginning in childhood I can't get you out of my mind so this has directed me to that obtain my audience my girls and it works so well because before I was you know preaching to everybody not just like my girls but doing that was bad because ultimately it made me angry because I was talking to these evil people on camera and that whole process like made me a very angry person whereas now I have no ability it's not possible for me to be upset or angry with you because you're my girl so like this production has really fixed everything in my life but it's not just the female body it's the purity of the female body and keeping that purity because no one was doing it in the world like children would have sexual encounters and lose their virginity and I'm going what's going on here man this is strange and society's perfectly fine with it so I had to specialize in my specialties which is girls and virginity I will spend my life encouraging young girls to keep their virginity until they are married to their soul mate. And there is no one in this world who is capable of stopping me. Look, I started all of this ten years ago when every single person in my life said no.

I have not been supported whatsoever in any of this that I have done. And now look where I am. Because people like him are this world's superheroes. And because of that, I chose to become a super villain.

Freedom is being a fucking supervillain. That is exactly what I am doing.

Of all that is filmed, I love only what a girl has filmed with her own blood. This, my loves, is your destiny. Thank you for watching, my beautiful chickens. I very much appreciate you, for if it wasn't for you, I would still live a really messed up life.

So, thank you very much for being here with me. It truly means the world to me. You're so beautiful.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



30-My-Girls-Pokemon-24-Girl-Power

Good day, my little cheese pizzas. I hope you have had a wonderful last 24 hours. In this episode, I would like to discuss the value of one individual, because since I began this, I have stated that my work is for the few, and not the many. So, what does this mean to me? Is that a very low number, or a very high number?

Every time I get a new fan, just one, I don't know how many haters versus, like, true fans I have, But to be honest, I probably have between 500 and 700 people who watch my content regularly across all the platforms. And oh my goodness, I'm reaching a lot of people. And if they're people that are actually emotionally processing the information that I am presenting, then, oh my goodness, I'm reaching everything. I'm reaching way more than I planned originally, that I anticipated.

Because one individual is so valuable. These people with, like, 50,000, 100,000, a million subscribers, like, what does one subscriber mean to them like they just want the masses right they're only trying to get the masses where I'm trying to grab the individual I just imagine what happens and how people subscribe to me and stuff and it's like you know thinking of a cute girl that's like hey this guy's awesome I like him subscribing to me it's like bang I got her and the thing is is that I'm the type of person that you know it's not very easy to walk away from me once I emotionally connect with you so how valuable are these individuals to me because they are most likely going to be followers of mine for life this man has over a million subscribers yet what is it that he gives to society what abilities is he passing along to his subscribers now think of all of the people that you follow and then consider what it is that they are passing along to you expand this to mainstream. What is it that the content of mainstream media is passing along to you? Where will your time be best invested? What will produce the most

positive results for you if you are to dedicate yourself to following that person. I will share with you a super duper secret that ultimately results in enlightenment and that is that you always choose where you are. So if you are uncomfortable in a situation then that means that you should remove yourself from it and most times it's best to walk away even if it causes you hardship there's times where I've walked away from a house that was abusive and walked onto the street and kept walking into the bush and then camped and I was much much happier than enduring that abuse and unfortunately since you're a child it's difficult sometimes because the adults say they can force you to do stuff and it's really sad especially if you're in in your household if you're uncomfortable in your household so if you are uncomfortable in your household then you need to figure out how to straighten your parents up a if you can't straighten your parents up you need to rebel you need to work very very very hard to figure out how you can move here beside me and then when you move here we get married straight away that's what you need to do but to be honest that's going to be extremely difficult if not impossible so let's please try our best to get your parents on our side it will be weird going out in public together and we will not be able to display affection to each other publicly we will just be two people walking beside each other talking and doing what we need to do in life. I don't think I could pass by as a father but we might need to make it look like I'm your brother or something. The public and even the

government will know and hopefully they do not incarcerate me as a result. hopefully they will just allow us to live our own unique lives that we created for ourselves as of right now as of today Australia started developing a no vaccine no fly plan and it seems like it's going to be approved without any hiccups so this makes it very difficult because they're saying oh no it's voluntary it's voluntary unless you actually you know want to get to where you're supposed to be and and i'm gonna see a lot of countries do this and i'm i don't want a vaccine and i don't want you to have a vaccine and i don't know how we're gonna like meet up if like i don't care where i end up in the world like this this country's corrupt as fuck i don't give a shit whether i'm in australia the u.s the u.k it matters not as long as you are by my side my love To be honest, you're worth it. And I would get a vaccine that hurts me and potentially screws up my RNA in order to get to you. The best case scenario, my love, is that your parents approve and enable us to do this and possibly even give me a job that I can work to support us or something.

I don't know. I'm not sure. Like, I don't know how this could work. I'm just contemplating possibilities because I'm not good at making money in this world. Like money is the furthest thing from my mind. So it's really hard to, you know, provide when I can't make money.

It would be awesome if you had parents who were kind of well-off, and they could enable us to start a life together. If you have parents that approve, we could do it with them, and they would be my family. Like, I don't have a family, girl, and you're my family, and your family, like, what you consider family is my family. And to be honest, I've just been walking the lands looking for you so I can obtain a family.

I am very, very happy that I have 294 subscribers. And I will dedicate everything to guiding these 294 subscribers towards wisdom.

I am super happy with the amount of views that I receive.

I wonder how many of these are beautiful girls. Awesome. I'm so happy. How can you prove how powerful one individual is?

Everybody told me not to do this. Even my mother threatened my life for doing this. When I visited the U.S. quite some time ago, one of my adopted sisters would not stop hitting on me, And she kept on, like, touching me and kind of rubbing against me and stuff like that. And I loved this girl very much, but I would not do anything with her.

But what I did do is then go to my mother and stepfather and say that I would like to be her husband. Can I please be her husband? And boom. She was 15 at this time, and that is what forced me to move back to Australia, because that explosion ruined all of my relationships.

It's the way of the world and it happens again and again and again and again like young girls like me man and they come to me and and they're super interested. But then what I have to say no I'm not interested because you're a young girl so go out and fuck lots of guys and once you turn 18 then you can come to me after you've you know lost all of your innocence. she became pregnant at the age of 17 with a guy who literally physically and mentally abused her and they lived in a barn and that's the last that I heard of that what would her life right now be like if she was by my side so she lives an extremely terrible life now like she fucked it all up but she had the opportunity to be with me and parents destroyed it so now she lives a terrible life and I'm not in it so what would have been the result if she was here like they don't use logic in this world my girls. Young girls do not have the ability to consent. When young girls come to you throwing themselves at you, you

can't do anything because they actually have no sexual prowess. Like they're undeveloped so they actually have none of these feelings. So when they come to you like you gotta say no because they don't have those like hey there is young girls coming to this man wanting to be romanced by him and he publicly admits to be a pedophile what does that mean I would have given her everything I would have worshipped her for the rest of eternity not just in this life like Like, people are so focused, like, and it's kind of built into me to say the rest of my life because that's what people say, like, and it's like our communication, the language, our common language that we utilize is, like, full of, full of assumptions. Like, they're assuming something before they're proving it true.

It's like when you're homeless and you're filling out paperwork that is forced upon you, it asks for your address. And I was unable to obtain a working with children's certificate some years ago only because I had no address, because I was homeless. So they wouldn't let me apply, like I couldn't even apply for it because I had no address. So that means that if you're homeless, then they won't let you work with children.

A leading question or statement is a question or statement that prompts or encourages the answer wanted. It's like the Christian wedding vows saying, Till death do us part. So in the language it's saying, We part at death. And this is supposed to be Christian, and they believe in eternal life so they're saying we live forever in paradise but not with the person we spent our whole life with here is the truth my dear I have been with you going on many adventures with you kind of by my side because you're like right there since I decided to press the record button in 2012. We have been together since then. Do you not believe me? Check

out my archives, my beautiful ivory. Because even though sometimes I talk to haters and other people or whatever, every single production is you. And I will continue to press this record button to demonstrate how gorgeous of a person that you are because wow you really are look at what you're watching you're watching wisdom like what girl does that you do that wow I'm so happy thank you for watching girls I win against my haters because I have my girls and my girls are the best girls that this world has to offer and if by chance my haters have my girls then they are referring to their fat smelly wife and their genetically defected daughter I do not aim whatsoever at obtaining a lot of subscribers actually my goal is always to obtain one new fan and when I obtain that new fan wow let's celebrate and then my goal is to obtain one new fan I got someone amazing awesome yeah okay yeah and then after that what's my goal. One new fan. Yeah! Gotta catch on well. One by one, individually, not in bulk, mechanically,

with heart instead of motionless. That works. What I hate most about this world is that it's very hard to find a heart a mind can be created but a heart is destroyed so a mind works quite the opposite from the heart because we are given heart from the beginning with our fairy tales and as we grow up and do evil things then we develop mind and lose the heart because as we grow up we lose the conception to understand metaphors and allegories and then we confine ourselves into literal interpretations which removes our heart so we start out with heart no mind and then we can either build our heart or we can give it away throw it to the side you know and then develop mind after that so like that's why I'm not so interested so much in mind I got mine I got mine but mind isn't what I'm interested I'm interested in heart because the heart directs the mind it's very much not the opposite you start out with heart in this life and then you lose your soul it's just so rare to see adults who haven't lost their heart and And the ones who haven't are usually not treated well by society. It's like this one.

LSD Warrior says that I say that male virginity doesn't exist. But I never said that. What the crap. See, they just put words into my mouth that aren't true.

What I said is that male virginity is imaginary. And he could not conceive that the imagination doesn't mean that it doesn't exist. This pattern repeats over all of his summaries about my work.

Which is kind of funny because, like, people that examine the original will be like, you're not telling the truth, you're lying. But why did he say that? does he believe that the imagination does not exist and did he assume that I thought that the imagination did not exist was he really incapable of comprehending how real that I know the imagination to be you see some people are just incapable of comprehending because it takes a heart to do that the mind can only sort the information the heart actually has to direct the information and it's so obvious how unintelligent he is because he watches most of my work yet he is unable to figure these things out that is why you can say whatever you want and idiots won't comprehend they will misinterpret everything you say so don't worry about the idiots uh i have to create an environment for my girls to speak with each other and interact about the topics in which i'm presenting and even their own topics like i'm trying to hook them up into a new life and i don't want my girls getting abused so the best idea that I can come up with so far about how to prevent that is for you girls to take over my thread in kiwi farms and just use that to communicate with each other about the topics that I raise and everything else is philosophy use that thread as a philosophy thread where does this world's real philosophers go to discuss wisdom. This is where the real philosophers of the world go to discuss wisdom. How smart is LSD Warrior? Is it

possible for him to win this? Remember, I take my time. This entire TV show is about that thread so I'm just gonna keep on making it probably for the rest of my life I think I'll settle on this this is the best TV show ever so is it even possible for LSD warrior to win so how smart is he continuing to make himself look stupid he was unable to assess the situation because he is a fool A wise person can win against an unwise world.

My beautiful bluebirds, how important is one individual? We come full circle now, and we can see the effects that the collective make on society. And we can also see the effects that the individual makes on society.

Can you fight City Hall? How powerful is one individual? Can one individual defeat a world army?

You are special, my butterflies. You are like none other. Look at what you are watching. You are the individual that can change the world and that is why I do this because I know who you are and I know what you are capable of doing.

So, I dedicate my life to enable you not only to reach every passion which you have seeded in your heart, but also the world. for it is yours for the taking my love i have handed it to you on a silver platter and all you have to do is romance the guys into philosophy i love you girls thanks for watching it means so much to me have a great day I'm You're beautiful You're beautiful your tears are good my beautifuls They purify



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



30-My-Girls-Pokemon-25-Love-Letter

Excuse me, sir. This young girl that has come to you requesting for you to groom her? Yeah, you can't do that because she doesn't have consent because she's just a child. So, you can't groom children.

And if they come to you asking for you to groom them, then you are exploiting them. You are taking advantage of them because they have no free will of their own. Excuse me, sir, but this young girl who's come to you that wants you with all of her heart to be beside her and hold her hand for the rest of time? Like, you can't do that. She's a child. You're exploiting her, man.

Like, she has no consent. all I had to do was keep making videos and eventually they came to me and they come to me more and more every week and I am publicly a pedophile and they still come to me knowing that wanting me to groom them but no consent like they're taking actions on their own accord but they don't have free will and they have no ability to understand any of this because they're just too young to comprehend because they lack the experience in life it doesn't matter that they're way smarter than us because you train them to be that way like intelligence has nothing to do with consent like it doesn't matter how smart you are if you're young you have like no ability to consent like there's this perfect spot that like you just swap over from being like a young girl who's not sexually like you know driven and like from 17 to 18 it just like flips over how you can't like drink alcohol until you know you're like 18 or 21 depending on where you are so if you're like 17 years old like and you're turning 18 tomorrow then you're not responsible enough to drink so you have to wait that extra day because there's like a magical flip that happens there from you know 17 to 18 where you like automatically become an adult and this is when you can make decisions. How cute are we, girl? Just pointing out logic that people refuse to, one, understand,

and they also refuse to accept it. An appropriate marriageable age has nothing to do with puberty because it's not like puberty starts at the age of 12 or 11 or around there. Because puberty actually doesn't start until you are 18 years old there's another flip that happens there some places is 16 so it really depends on your location but it's like it's like a flip so you might be like 15 years 11 months you know 30 days or something and then like you know that you wait a day or two and then bang you're like you have the ability to understand what you're doing clean but I get hair everywhere I absolutely love a clean house and I don't ever let it get too messy the only time it gets messy is when I have friends over but I clean it up very fast when that happens we should be clean in this life like not just our environment but you know our bodies our minds and And ourselves and actually significantly cleaner than the cleanest person that I've ever met before so From what I've seen of their places. So I'm a super clean person like I don't let the dishes get out of hand Like I might not do the dishes immediately, but it'll be pretty close to immediately most the time Like when I get dirty dishes they get done really quick. I never let the sink get full. I just like

after some that build up it's gone and this is so easy like this lifestyle to maintain this lifestyle is so simple because all you gotta do is little bits here and there so I'll spend like a minute here doing this and then a minute here some other time and a minute here and a minute here and like all those minutes add up and like it's really easy to keep a clean house as long as you're active about it. The people who can't keep a clean house can't... don't pick up after themselves. They just leave stuff. A child has no ability to choose their

own education system because they're too young, too immature, don't know what they're doing. And a child has no ability to make their own education system because they're way, way, way too stupid. We have to tell them the truth that They are not allowed to learn the truth on their own accord. Children have no ability to live autonomously, meaning children can't determine what they want to do and when they want to do it.

Adults have to demand children to take actions and children must follow what the adults say because the children are way too immature to make any of their own decisions because they don't have consent, because there's that magic space and you've got to have that magic click over before you're mature enough to make your own decisions and it matters not if you're way smarter than all of us, even if you're a genius child, that makes no difference Because you don't know what you're doing because you're just a child. Get up. Go to bed. Brush your teeth.

Vacuum. Do the dishes. Dust.

Slavery is a condition of having to work very hard without proper remuneration or appreciation.

These are people. They have experiences, and they have desires, and they have ambitions and dreams, and they have an idea of where they want their life to go, and they have developed their own values, and they are able to speak and hold even deep conversations and they are very very emotionally capable so much so that I would say that 12 year old girls are more emotionally capable than any any other group that I have ever seen in this world because I know very well because I've experienced my life obsessed with 12 year old girls so like they are real people you know and and they they have their own interest and to like say that they like can't choose is is is very oppressive excuse me sir this girl who has fallen deeply deeply in love with you who wants to marry you. Yeah, you can't do that because, you know, she's a child. Because we actually called her a child because we defined what a child is. And, you know, like before we lived long lives, like once

you were 12 years old, you were an adult. I mean, even like eight years old, you were like working and doing normal life stuff. Whereas we coddle our children. The reason we coddle our children is because it enables us to control their thought processes and that's why we implement an education system and then force it upon the public. And even some, the few, or I don't know if it's few,

even the few people who get the opportunity to do homeschool, they're given a curriculum. It's like this is what you need to teach your child. So like what happens to real teachers? I don't see real teachers anymore I just see parents that are that are speaking like what they're reading and telling people what they're reading it's like like they have no way to interpret information themselves they're just like reading back I am the top of the top professors at fucked up university which means I am the most awesome person in the world so let's get our textbooks out and turn to page 72 Can you start reading for me on the first paragraph, please, girl?

It is very, very rare to see real intellectuals in this world because this world considers intellectuals as people who can memorize information and then parrot it to other people. If there is established knowledge in society, then why the fuck am I studying it? Wouldn't it make sense to make more knowledge instead of obsessing over the knowledge in which you already consider as fact? It's because all the society cares about is you making money for them.

them so they train you with the nine-to-five job like school so you never get to live life because from the very beginning your life has been assigned to you by people that came before you so you are born into this world and then people say do this do this do this this is the next step this next step this This is the next step, this is the next step, this is the next step, so they're actually telling you the steps that you need to go. As you can see, those who make money in this world are not the ones with heart. Young girls are sexual creatures. I am not saying that young girls want sex.

I am just saying that they follow their natural biology, and to be honest, in their younger years is when they are most attractive, and the reason for that is because they need to attract a guy who will take care of them. are so beautiful they take the hearts of the males because God wants males and females to be like that. And the only way for that to happen is to begin the relationship from childhood girls are interested in sexual parts even if they're young click from like yeah okay not interested interested it doesn't matter that they usually have sex like you know between the ages of 12 to 16 like that's irrelevant that does not prove their sexual prowess prowess I i guess kind of works maybe desire is a better term to use i think there is an even better term that i can't think of right now because it's like you know it's inbuilt in you and you're just following what you naturally are girls your virginity was given to you to attract guys Because if you keep it for the right guy, oh my goodness, that is going to play with his heart. My girls, do not be with someone who is not romantic.

You will never be happy in life if you do this. Sometimes my ex-wife would burp in my face. Other times when we were walking, she goes, I just farted for five meters. stuff like that what is a real woman my ex-wife loved kicking me in the balls she did it on a regular basis and it was so funny to her like she would roll around laughing when I'm on the ground like rolling around in pain from her kicking me in the balls like she would do it hard too I used to try to create romantic dinners and events that we could experience together and she would just kind of laugh and I was a stupid kid I chose the wrong girl but I was a child and I chose a child and we grew up together and then married which was my dream to meet a child you know grow up with them into adulthood and I did that but it wasn't the right person I have been working on the same mission since the day I was born into this world and there is nothing that can stop me from achieving it. My ivory needs me, especially right now. I can feel it. Something is going

on. I will be patient. Because we have a world full of parents with children. And it would be irrational of me to state that all of these parents are illogical. So I will trust in God

because I only need one, the right one. And the right one, all of the conditions will meet. it will be perfectly set up. There is no way that I can fall for a troll. There is nothing that the

trolls can do to me because I am very well trained at spotting the right opportunity and I will wait very patiently until I see it. But when I see it, I will pounce on that opportunity immediately. Are you short? Do you have brown or black hair? Are you super cute? Are you

skinny? Look me up. If your physical appearance is appropriate, and if your heart is appropriate, And if your mind is capable, I will grab you up as quick as possible. Here is the ages that I am interested in.

12 would be very difficult as I said previously because I want more time to train her. But 9 will give me like 2 or 3 years, 10, you know that's still a good amount of time and even 11, I could do this in a year, no problems. I will pounce on the opportunity like I said I can't make moves so that's what you want girls then you gotta make the move maybe like just ask a like do you think I could be right for you like that would be a way I'd say like oh you're so gorgeous but you know this or whatever are to say yes yes yes yes and that would give you the knowledge to know whether or not to pursue or not. I only ever wanted you, my lovely ivory, but this world had different plans for me. So I

give myself to all of the beautiful girls out there and you get my presence and you get my body and that's exclusive to you and you have to then do something similar that I have done. You have to romance all the guys of the world into wisdom. That's your job. We're the same person. We're just on opposite spectrums. And I won't be jealous because I know you

would never cheat on me. And you will have the entire world loving you. And I will be okay with that. I feel kind of seedy doing all of this, but the truth is that it's the best thing to do and there could be no better thing to do so even though I'm doing it like it's right it's what's right and even though society says no I know it's right would you do something that is wrong because society tells you that it's right would you do something that is right if society is going to punish you for doing that? Think, dear Ivory, what is it that I have

done in order to reach your eyes? I have been incarcerated for over a year of my life. Why? Why? Because I kept searching for you and refused to stop.

So now tell me this, my love, my only love, my beautiful ivory, tell me this. How important are you to me when I endure over a year locked in a rubber room so that I can reach your eyes? The task that you have before you, although extremely difficult, will be much shorter than my own.

For mine was drug out over ten years in which I was tortured by the government for attempting to find you. You mean everything to me, my love. I would die happily in your name. I would do anything required for you or even suffer consequences, no matter how severe, so that I can obtain the ability to find you.

It matters not for how long they lock me up For I will reach your eyes And once I do, my love Your world will change The moment I reach your eyes, my dear There will be a loud cry in heaven It will reverberate to the very core of the earth For you, my dear, are a divine creature, and when your eyes meet mine, you will see.

For we have a mission in this life to accomplish, my dear, and we will not take no for an answer.

We will not be normal people in this world, my dear. Remember, we are plastic. You're so cute. I love you.

We are the archetypes of the world. We are not real people. We are fake people living a fake life, faking our way through it. We want war, world war, and we will stop at nothing to obtain it.

We care nothing for human lives who waste them. We are sociopaths who wish all who have no heart to drop dead. We, my love, are the rulers of this world because there is no one who can outsmart us. Countless battles throughout my life, a few wars, winning every war, losing some battles, but in retrospect, actually winning those battles because the loss teaches you something vital to understand.

You only lose, my dear, when you give up.

I will never give up insulting these fools, these fucking reprobates.

Please listen carefully to me, dear girl, because I want to share with you a lesson that took me quite some time to learn. And that is about death. If you come to a point in a battle or a war and you can determine that there is no way that you can win it, then you should retreat. Do not stay there and battle when you have no capabilities of winning.

It was kind of Fire Emblem that taught me this. It was Claude's wisdom that taught me this. Thank you, sir.

I love you with everything, absolutely everything. It's all yours, my dear girl. My life is yours, and I will spend it worshiping you, literally, physically being beside you.

Because my dear ivory Your soul is the same as mine We have the same energy We came from the same place and we have the same Purpose I love you so much with everything my dear girl And I can't express that enough. I could just make a single video just saying I love you I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, and every single I love you would be completely true from the bottom of my heart, my dear, please take my life, it is yours, take it, it is yours for the taking, my dear, and I request that after you take it, you give it to the children, because that would be what the mother of humanity does. I love you, my dear girl, and I will worship you forever through God's grace.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



30-My-Girls-Pokemon-26-Rocket-Girlz

dangerous a word of warning my stunning pussycats what I'm doing here with the camera is extremely addicting once you press the record button it's very hard to stop pressing it which is why I often do work in blocks and we have just launched this TV show very successfully in under a week with 20 what six episodes now that's like you know one quarter of 100 does a lot man and it's such good content I'm very happy with it it's always annoying to set the stage because I get kind of nervous that I'm going to get abducted by the government again, so it's very relieving once the launch has been completed. And I still have this book to write, and I've already written a significant amount of this one. Also, I find it would be wise to wait for the right content to appear here to hopefully show you how to use it. Hopefully a few people take up my offer.

If that forum ever starts becoming active with real philosophers, then that's my life. My life is video that forum, video that forum. Whereas I have no motivation to do that now because these aren't my people. Whereas if my people were here, then I would have the motivation to always interact with my people.

To be honest, after this episode, I am really going to try to stop pressing this record button for a while. Unless people start using my forum. You've got to remember that I'm doing my best to develop a new school, and I'm trying to figure out how we can make that school work. And if we just use that thread as our school platform, then that would be very cool.

Don't worry so much about only discussing topics in which I raise. I would love it if you guys would just discuss topics that are close to your heart. so um use it as a philosophy form don't use it how they're using it let's change how that thread is used and it would be really funny if we could do that because using logic and standing up for someone like me makes them a faggot coming to shit up the thread so if someone agrees with me then they're shitting up the thread. If someone is not making fun of what I said, if they're not rearranging the context to make it amusing and inaccurate, then you're shitting up the thread. Because that's what they do on Kiwi Farms, they

literally have no concern for the truth. It is just manipulating the perception of someone and rearranging it to be inaccurate but but it looks amusing just by reading the text uh so yeah that's what they do just by reading the text you go whoa this guy's crazy he's super uneducated like he doesn't know what he's talking about like he's completely insane and that's how they formed it because that's what they do on that site because that's the reason for that site see it's an entire site dedicated just to making fun of content producers let's just go to locales and here are content producers that they're making fun of like ha ha ha ha super stupid and funny and retarded but remember it's opposite it's all opposite so all of these threads are people that they are making fun of and that is the purpose of this website Welcome to the world.

Websites like this are so good because they expose the truth by telling lies. Just in that one section, there is 39 pages of this where they just make fun of content producers.

They care nothing about ruining people's lives. In fact, that is part of their entertainment. If they can ruin someone's life and then watch that life being ruined, then they are successful and they are very happy with their work. This is why that thread is so important.

Because I am trying my best to make a world where my girls can make videos about philosophy without being insulted constantly for it. If we cannot make this world together, do you think these trolls will ever stop? What is it that we are to do to fix these problems so that content producers aren't afraid to share themselves with the world? No matter who you are, there is nothing better that you can do in this world than sharing your soul publicly. And Kiwi Farms makes that process very difficult because they

insult the people abused constantly, incessantly abused, the people who muster up the courage and are brave enough to share who they are with other people. A public life is a documented life, and when we pass, we then leave ourselves for everybody else.

And this is an entirely selfless act if done correctly. Females are generally a little bit more timid than males and it's a little bit harder for them to muster up the courage to take actions like that. Like, I don't know, um, your face on the internet is beautiful, it's not bad. You want it on the internet.

I am super into digital girls. I find the ones and zeros so hot. And in my real life, reality, I stay away from girls. I very much hate the dating scene because they look at this and this is what they look at and that's it.

And it's like, you know, I got this, I got this, like, you know, like, and I hate that, like, I'm not a physical body, I'm way more than that, and that's all they can see, and they're like, hey, there's this physical body who's beautiful, let's try to fuck him, like, stay away, stay away. Beautiful girls. I think that the women of this world are really gross, like nasty, like I want to stay away from them because they're like dirty to me. They're just really dirty. Not all. Like there's some beautiful hearts, don't get me wrong, but I'm saying the majority, like women are dirty, man.

And don't get me wrong, because, oh boy, boys, men are too.

But I'm not after a relationship with men. And what's funny, like, all throughout my life, like, gay people, like, have tried to convince me that I'm gay too. And it's like, what the fuck? Am I gay?

It's what they do in this world. someone sees your beautiful appearance and then they just keep on hitting on you because they want to fuck it and eventually they realize that you're not interested in fucking so they fuck off because they're not interested in anything but fucking like this is the world we live in this is why we moved to the moon my gorgeous sweethearts i really want to fuck you so i'm going to spend like the next hour trying to convince you that you're gay so that I can fuck you. That's the male version. The female version goes like, uh, what? What? You don't want sex?

What? What? Like, what are you talking about? Everybody wants sex. Sex is like, you know,

natural. It's perfectly normal. Like, what's wrong with you? Like, it's so weird. Like,

people trying to convince me to have sex and it's it's very irritating. My ex-fiancee was another mistake and she knew very well how I felt about sex because to me sex is marriage and she wanted to secure me. So she planned out a night where she could seduce me because we went out on a date And then when the date finished, she said that she's locked out of her house and she can't get back in. So she needed to stay at my place, and I was not comfortable with that.

However, I did accept it, and then eventually she seduced me, and I did have sex, even though I did not want to. but you must realize my female friends that females have a superpower and they can easily seduce men. That relationship ended when I told her no I disagree with you I think I'm a cool person I will not change to be how you tell me to change and I would very much appreciate it if you love me for who I am. After I told her that the next morning she left and besides insults about how horrible of a person I am for not becoming what she wanted, she never talked to me again. It

is similar to my ex-wife for when she left she said that she was cutting communications entirely because she did not want to talk to me so when she left it was like it was just over and I had friends that said that she was planning that for a year so apparently my ex-wife planned to divorce me for a year or at least that's what I heard down the grapevine from multiple sources after my ex-wife left me her and her friends made a little wager and they all discussed about how long they thought it would take me before I remarried and from what When I heard, they all agreed that I would be remarried within a year. However, within two years, my ex-wife was remarried, and after that, she had a kid. And I don't know after that, maybe she had more, I don't know. So they were claiming me to be the one to go and find a girl really, really quick.

She never knew me. I do not know the answer to this, but it is suspicious, so I will present it.

When my ex-wife told me that she would leave me, I asked her a direct question. I looked straight into her eyes and I said, Did you cheat on me?

And guess what she said?

Nothing.

She walked away.

I saw shame in her eyes. So if she did not cheat on me, she was hiding something. I have not been treated well by women in this world, my girls. And to be honest, that is why I am here now.

Because I am trying to create the conditions in society to create the women that my heart so loves. I don't want adults unless they are kids.

I want to live in a world full of children.

My girls, I hope you have enjoyed the launch of My Girls.

I will form this TV show around you. so if you provide me content then I will include you in my TV show. The way to provide me content is through action to do something that I can see and then film like maybe here. If you are to do it my girls make it funny for the camera make it smart and be very clever think carefully don't just type something and send think what you're gonna do plan your life out my loves if you do this then I can show you I can personally tutor you like you don't have to be divided from me like right now most of you are divided from me you watch my videos but you have nothing to do with me whereas if you take over this forum then we are together just remember to use your heart because there is no way that you can lose if you use your heart because logic cannot argue with a heart apples and oranges are used with reference to two things that are fundamentally different and therefore not suited to comparison. It's most

effective to use your mind to be clever about how you present your heart and how you expose their lack thereof. Dear Enos, you are the leader of our movements. You You are our matriarch, and we very much appreciate you. Please be with us and give us strength.

Please be a good mother to my girls and please comfort them when they fall. She didn't have to die, why would someone run over her? She's like a pie, she's gorgeous and why would you... I mean, like, the world's seriously fucked up just because she's Palestinian and a settler, like a fucking settler he's not even supposed to be, then he fucking runs over her and then pisses off and then gets away with it, what the fuck?

This world cares nothing about justice. If you don't fix that, my beautiful butterflies, then you will be forced to live in that oppressive world for the rest of your life. And that in itself will entirely change your life because it will confine you. It will limit you.

If you don't fight now for justice, then you are accepting a world without justice in your future. Everything that I have been telling you is not about me. This isn't about me benefiting something. Sure, I want ivory, but I am trying to share with you how you can be free and how you can live a free life.

I am not suggesting you go to my forum because it is my fucking forum. I am suggesting that we create a community, and they've already created a platform that we can use, so why don't we just use it? It will never stand that that page is not appropriate for minors, because that page was made while I made a TV show for kids. So now I'm making another TV show, this time specifically for children that are girls, which is another kids show, but this time it's all about how I'm being abused.

And it's not about me. I don't care about being abused. I'm trying to show you how if you express your freedom, then you too will be abused. So this has nothing to do with me.

And to be honest, I don't care if I'm abused. But I'm trying to sort you out for your future. And this is the best idea that I can come up with. If you have a better one, I would love to hear it.

Thanks for watching, girls. you are my heart seriously look at what you're watching and what did you just start on episode 26 or have you watched all of them how cute are you I love you can you see my girl understands because I am a mythology teacher and these people are sorry excuses for human beings and they spend their lives hurting people so we should build them houses that are made like camps i don't know has this been done before we can maybe call it a concentration camp and like stick him in there that'd be so cool we use poisonous gases We poisoned their asses Remember my dears We have everybody's internet history We know what everybody does Don't be stupid like these idiots Give them to me please Go fuck yourself Because you think you're number one But the truth is The first shall come last and the last shall come first without my soulmate by my side what is it that i gain from this i have been working tirelessly on this project for 10 years and what is it that i have gained over a year of being incarcerated absolutely no income constant abuse i'm very selfish girls I want you to know that I love you with all of my heart and I want you to know that I am entirely sincere. You're watching this is amazing like wow and that's not normal so it means so much to me and I'm gonna love you the rest of my life so I want you I need you to know that you are a loved person. Please do not feel unloved in this world. I very much care about you. Enjoy the rest of your

day night. I very much love how truthful this world is. I love how smart everybody is. They're all so super smart. I'm just an idiot, man. And I want to make it clear that my fixation is

definitely not intensifying for I am the tortoise and I had to be slow. I had to wait for the perfect moment to go all in.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



30-My-Girls-Pokemon-27-Mother-of-Harlots

One more, yay, yay, so happy, the individual, good job. I try so hard not to press the record button. Sometimes I even hide my camera, hoping that I can't find it again. And then I find it again.

Like I said, my beautiful gems, this is extremely addicting. I am going to say something that you probably will not like, my girls. Please read this. This is not one of my girls. I would appreciate if you would fuck off my videos.

You have a fucking boyfriend and you should be wasting your life with that degenerate and not messing around on my videos. I do not have a mental illness. You obviously do. Maybe this will change in the future.

Hopefully, because people like you are despicable. And I don't give a shit about your fucking sob story because you are a piece of shit. So a piece of shit sob story means nothing to me. And look at this piece of shit.

Like she opened up and then this piece of shit. Yeah. If you are going to tell me to take meds, then I am going to destroy you. You fucking slutty bitch.

you lost your virginity at the age of 13 because you were a slut and you decided not to marry the right man you just wanted to fuck maybe he took advantage of you maybe he raped you and maybe as a result you lost your soul but the thing is someone doesn't lose their fucking soul for being raped it's how they respond to that rape and how you have dealt with it over your life you brainwashed fuck is by accepting that medicine this new technology that has only been recently not discovered fucking created and you're saying that this is the way that people should live you bitch go to fucking hell and get the hell off my videos be careful my girls because if anyone is to tell me to accept mainstream medicine, then the same thing will result. And I don't give a shit about your sob story. To be honest, if that happens, I'm going to use your sob story to throw it in your fucking face. And you can stay anonymous.

You feel good because you're not publicly receiving this. You get this avatar that receives this. But the thing is, I'm talking directly to your fucking soul, you fucking dickhead bitch. because i am not talking to avatars here i am talking to real people who are typing real fucking things i don't agree with you because uh an evil man groomed and raped me and and that's really wrong so you trying to you know present yourself as an option to these ladies that's Super wrong, yeah!

Go get fucked. Go get raped. Remember, I'm a fucking sociopath. I don't give a shit about you, you fucking dickhead bitch.

Because the truth is, my beautiful gems, is that this is a man in a woman's body. Because men raised her to be men. so that's actually the case with most of our females in the world they're just females that are in men's body because men train them to be like them so we actually have very few females in this world and my girls aren't like that so and it's really funny because people don't believe I have girls but I'm talking to one every day like every day I'm talking about girls and it's really funny because they're like no you don't have any girls or trolls or trolls and it's like like eventually eventually you learn that they're not trolls and like to be honest the way i work it is i just believe everybody not to be a troll that's how like i know that's not the case but but that's how i work it um and then eventually i'll learn more and more and more and and then i figure out that oh this person's real this person i know this person's real and hey this is a real girl this is a real girl it's like oh here's another real girl awesome awesome oh here's another old girl awesome awesome like i'm talking to lots of girls every day and like no no you're not wendell nut they're trolls it's like uh oh you get a you get a shirt like someone sends you a shirt like and how big of a deal is that like that's huge to me because i've never sent fan mail to someone that's like a a huge thing to do and to be so meaningful it wasn't just like random or whatever it like has such meaning in it and like wow that and it's not just that like I'm talking to girls every day and and they don't believe me it's just so funny and everything is like why would I care if they believe me because I'm doing it it's really funny I'm not going to show you everything and I don't want to show you anything to be honest but I will show you this one and this is from a 12 year old girl that story goes much deeper but to be honest that is only one of many examples and if she is a troll you know my trolls can't hurt me to be honest they help me no matter what so every time and to be honest I have never had a troll like that contacted me and like maybe like a few emails but beyond that like everyone that sticks with talking with me will eventually proved to be true it's always happened like I I have never had someone that talked to me for a long time who was not who they said they were because after a while these things come out and you can't deny them one of my beautiful girls made this for me. How sweet. If you are to tell me that I need

to take medication, then you deserve all of the abuse that you receive. I am not mentally ill. I am actually the healthiest person in the world, for I see clearly that would have been an entirely different situation if she did not tell me to take medication because society is brainwashed with mainstream medicine and if one is brainwashed into mainstream medicine my beauties then they have no opportunity to ever get to heaven I promise you that because after you die it is not like you change so after you die you won't go to heaven because you will be telling people to take fucking medicine my stunning beauties here is the real medicine. So this retard opens up about their life, insults me, and then gets insulted by the retards of this site. Retarded is not offensive anymore because I make the

rules now and not fucking you. Fuck off my videos, you bitch. Hopefully this will ultimately go with you pissing off my videos. I am here for quality and not quantity. I have quality

girls now and I am slowly, slowly expanding, tiptoeing it little step by little step. And you are not one of my girls. It is not you who I worship. So this foolish woman is obsessed with watching videos of a man worshipping other people.

I very much mean it when I say that those who support modern day mainstream medicine will not be allowed to enter the kingdom of heaven. Guys like me groomed her. How is this possible? I've been searching my entire life for people like me, yet guys like me groomed her how is that possible and why are they not married and how do they how does she get raped if she's not married like and and if there's guys like me then can you show them to me so i can like make them my friends like it doesn't make any sense like fuck off you bitch it's so strange how I attract so much hate, but so little love.

But it's worth it because that love's really special. How long do you think it would have taken to go into a store, you know, find where the ponies are with the letters, and then rearrange them all to say Wendell, and get kind of pushed to leave the store because you're doing it? Like, is that a troll? Is it a troll that goes into a store and spends ages to arrange? Like, you guys are really, like, not my girls. These idiots are messed up and I'm

just trying to show you how messed up they are because we need to fix it, my girls, and we have to figure out how. I want you to share yourself with the world, but if you do that right now, you're going to get abused a lot, and I don't want that for you, so like, I'm really trying hard here to open up a platform for you girls to be able to share yourself with the world, and the world is just making it really difficult for me. My dears, we live in a world full of men where the majority of women are also men. I want better for you.

I want to enable my girls to be real women. Dirty, dirty, dirty girl. You disgust me with everything that's within me. And to be honest, I don't care what happened to you Because you could have made something beautiful, and you chose to fuck it up.

I very much hate dirty girls. They literally make me shiver.

I want nothing to do with them, and I spend my life attempting to keep them away. Why do you think I stay in my house all of the time? Why do you think I don't really keep too many friends around me? why am i alone in this life i kind of want to stay away from dirty girls like entirely and it's not just physically i'm talking like mentally and spiritually if either the three are messed up man they like like it's like i can see the physical even if it's like mental or spiritual or something like it's just like man they're dirty keep them away from me like i'm running because i bet you This fucking slut fucks her boyfriend shitloads. Not her husband. Her boyfriend?

So she likely regularly fucks her boyfriend without marriage and she is obsessed with me. And her boyfriend doesn't like it. And she is revolting to me. A degenerate is defined as a person who is immoral, corrupt, or sexually perverted.

An example of a degenerate is... I'm teaching you, my dears, the language that we use here on the moon. Here on the moon, we also use reprobates. here on the moon we can insult anybody we wish without consequence we can tell the truth utilizing any language in which we desire I just do not understand why you would do such a thing because you opened up your heart here and then you insulted me. So, you opened up your heart which caused them to insult you, right? And

you insulted me, so that also caused you to be insulted to me. Like, I don't understand why you did this because what positive consequence could come from it because you basically turned yourself into a punching bag because you opened yourself up for idiots to be mean to you here Yes, and you're mean to me here, so both the idiots are mean to you, and I am mean to you, and you're so fucking stupid. You can't teach a dead horse. It's why I go after you, my girls, my preteen girls, because I have to catch you before you become a dead horse.

Because, my beautiful crowns, you can't teach an old dog new tricks.

Devolved, if you still had the contact information of the guy who groomed and raped you, then please pass that information on to me. Because if he's like me, then I would very much like to speak with him. because I have spent my entire life searching for people who were like me and have been unable to.

Fuck you, Devolve. Here is our world ideology. It is called Devolution, which is a descent to a lower and worse state. This moral degenerate is yet another who is obsessed with me, who won't fuck off my videos.

It's not made for you. Piss the fuck off. So irritating. My audience used to be everybody, but everybody abused me, so then I changed my audience to young girls.

And I reach them every day. But these people that I don't want in my life, I don't want them to watch my videos, they just won't leave. It's like, piss off. Stop being obsessed with me.

If someone is obsessed with me, who is inappropriate for my content, then what does that say about them? If they have no capability of emotionally comprehending the information presented, yet they still get obsessed, what does that say about them? Throughout all of my life, including childhood, I get people obsessed with me who latch on and I don't want anything to do with them, and it's super, super, duper annoying. I don't want these people in my life, yet they just won't leave.

I have been requesting for these idiots to stop watching my content ever since I found out about this. So, what does this say about them? Why are they continuing to watch my content when I don't even want them to watch my content? Like, if I had this video producer yelling at me and telling me to fuck off, I would, I think I would fuck off their videos, eh?

Devolve. You were not groomed. Because if you were groomed, you would be wise. And it is very obvious that you are not.

so maybe you were groomed for sex but I am not here to groom for sex I am here to groom for wisdom you were a slut a child slut because you had no ability to stop what was happening you fucking child slut you could have ripped off his fucking balls but you're too much of a pussy to do that. Of course you didn't want to have sex until you were like 20 because now you're like 27 and you only have a boyfriend who you likely fuck all the time. You are a slut and you were a a slut in your childhood that means that even when you were 13 you were never my girl because my girls protect themselves and my girls can be exploited by no man you fucking harlot I know that I don't know how many sexual relations you have had however I'm pretty sure I'm right and that you've had quite a few and even if you haven't your soul says slut my girls keep their virginity until marriage and if my girls are older and haven't had the opportunity to do that then my girls begin to understand the value of their own private parts and then direct their life towards a loving relationship, a real relationship. My girls are looking for their soulmate.

They're not fucking their boyfriends like you. My girls don't have boyfriends. my girls have husbands your mere words in which you chose to utilize tell me that you are a slut get the fuck off my videos please I hope you were greatly insulted by this episode it was intended to do that it is possible that I might lose a few girls from this episode from my lack of empathy. However, it's the truth and I needed to say it. My beautiful butterflies, be a real girl, find a

husband, don't find a boyfriend. There is nothing special about having a boyfriend except the fact that they will most likely fuck you and then leave you. that is the majority of how these situations play out and if you just attempt to obtain a mere boyfriend then it's very likely that that will happen to you and if that happens to you you're not one of my girls we slip up sometimes and make mistakes so it's not like you do something wrong and you're not my girl anymore that's not at all what i'm saying like what i'm saying is that your heart has to continue down the road so if you make a mistake then you have to learn well from it but remember my beauty queens this show is not for humans it's for goddesses so it is goddesses that I am worshipping. That means that if you are the one that I'm worshipping, then you need to be a goddess. This, my ladies, is no goddess. In fact, devolved. I would

say, I hope you enjoyed the episode, but I don't know if this episode was a very enjoyable episode or not but either way I hope you enjoyed it and I'm really glad you girls are watching thanks for watching it means the world to me and I'm here for you and I'll try my best to be here for you as much as I can like it's hard with the abuse like I get to a certain point I'll just I'll probably just disappear for a while that's probably what will happen like after the abuse gets to a certain point I'll just disappear for a while and I'll have to recreate rebuild my emotions because you know getting abused all the time I take these things like to heart you know so like they tear me down and then like I work and work and work and work and then eventually I just I just can't do it anymore because it's just too much insult so I have to like pass out for a week or two or something uh and maybe focus on writing books or something like I don't know sometimes maybe longer I don't like it's so hard to do this when I'm constantly getting abused because I take the abuse to heart because i live with my heart my heart is you know open see degenerate i very much hope she does not have kids and i very much hope she will never have kids i love you my girls thank you for tolerating this abusive episode but that lady really pissed me off and I'm sorry if you did not enjoy it but you kind of needed to see that because although it's mean what I'm saying it's very true I will accept



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



30-My-Girls-Pokemon-28-Lost-Girls

Throughout my life, I have spoken to many, many, many, many, many, many young girls. Of course I would do that because they are my life's obsession. But here is the thing. This world that the society has created doesn't treat these girls very well.

There is no one for them to go to who really cares about them, who they can really truly unload their feelings onto. There are only like employment type situations, so if a young girl is struggling mentally, then they send her to a psychologist who gets paid to listen to her, who really doesn't care about her whatsoever. However, they don't allow my girls to feel in this world because when they respond emotionally, then they receive negative consequences for that. So they are very boxed up. You're keeping them in a cage.

I have spoken to young homeless girls whose society does not care about, whose society forces to starve, yet refuses to allow them to marry. I have spoken with many, many, many young girls who are abused within their household. Sometimes physically, sometimes mentally, sometimes sexually, or sometimes an arrangement of all of those. Yet, these victims have no ability to find a guy and marry, so society is perfectly happy to force misery upon them, but society will not allow them to find a good guy to worship them and then take care of them for the rest of their life.

This series is not going to continue yet. This is a special episode because we have a special guest. What is a witness? I am exactly who I say I am, and I respond in the exact ways in which I say I do. I am actually an extremely predictable person.

I am a lost girl from Neverland, usually hanging out with Peter Pan, and when we're bored we play in the woods, always on the run from Captain Hook. Run, run, lost girl, they say to me, away from all reality, land is home to lost girls like me, lost girls like me are free. See, I am never wrong. I am just not exactly right. Introducing to the world my beautiful Rufio, Rufio, Rufio, Rufio.

hello my name is human smoking causes wrinkles smoke cigarettes I've been smoking since I was 15 and lived on and off the streets couch-hopping I got into some real real shady shit and then I met this guy named Wendell who talked to me for months and he eventually convinced me to break free on the dark path I was on from the oppression of the people around me who were manipulating me and using my abilities to suit their own hidden agendas and personal wills, and it was just all for bullshit. I felt like I was in a living hell, and so one day he told me, get out of there. He was like, dude, just get the fuck out of there, and I didn't want to because I liked having the security of a roof and it was really cold outside like it is right now but when I finally did leave I walked 16 miles away from the situation I was in and I traveled for six months I lived in the woods met hundreds of people um I did a lot of really good work a lot of soul searching and it was because of this dream I had and it was last spring and I had the dream that I gonna meet the love of my life in Arkansas sometime around June and so I went and I lived up in Arkansas for two months kind of like okay yeah you know having a good time I was having an alright time at first but once I got adjusted to being by myself and living off the land procuring food every day going on hikes of being able to meditate in the silence of the wilderness I was the best thing I could have ever done in my life I really loved it eventually I got to where I set out into the town and I met all the people all the homeless people and indigent transient populations all around Arkansas and Texas but June came and went and it was September whenever I finally decided to go back home I missed my family I really found no guy that I was looking for I thought I was looking for this guy and I sort of had a revelation whenever I got back home and I realized like I'm totally boy crazy really shy just thought I was going to meet the love of my life and get married in Arkansas, and I sort of made myself seem crazy by telling everyone this. Revelations 19 9 states, right? Blessed are those invited to the wedding feast of

the Lamb. Well, I once had someone break that down to me as that's when Christ comes back and he actually gets married to the church. At first I was like, oh the church you know just huge fan of Jesus but not so much what the church has done but it really got me thinking because I eventually accepted that the love of my life was for philanthropy philosophy and humanitarianism because I had never been so happy for once in my life I didn't feel suicidal and depressed I had purpose and no matter what I did everything was so introspective and autrospective and I learned from others and they learned from me and it was the most beautiful experience of my life I think that's actually what I was sent there to do both by Wendell and my dreams ultimately Wendell never asked for anything in return. But I told him and I vowed to pay him back what he gave me, which was life and faith and love. Faith and love and humanity. We are love.

When we first met was December 13th last year, 2019. And I had made up my mind the day before, was like I'm really I'm going to kill myself I can't go on like this and I read one of his posts and I messaged him I'm like hey I know you do you know me it's like no why turn so but eventually in all my craziness like I guess he sifted through that but we talked for months every day for months and weeks and I really got to know him to be one of the most respectful people I've ever met we would email and video chat and I realized he's serious about the purity of a union and waiting for the right person even if it means challenging others perception on the constructs of marriage it was beautiful it's beautiful It's something I've always wanted in my life, was someone who understands, or rather for everyone to understand, the sanctity of a union and a marriage and a loyalty.

So, I remember one time I tried to show him my shirt, and I panned the camera down, and I was like, hey, look at my shirt. He was like, just the most respectful person I've ever met, never inappropriate. it um anyways he's one of the few people I would trust my life with one of the few people I would trust my life with I've met countless men who would take advantage of my innocence while hypocritically thinking of us girls as whores for trusting a piggly man in the first place for being naive, but it is not something to be exploited. Innocence and purity, never, ever, ever to be exploited or taken advantage of. Not many people this day and age in this world realize

that because naivety without deception from another is in essence innocence and purity. naivety without the deception from an outside force is innocence and purity which is good in the eyes of god yeah i got this bracelet i wear all black but i have a pink bracelet because it's my favorite color but god's got ya girl



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



30-My-Girls-Pokemon-29-Lost-Girl

There was a time when I was alone No way to go and no place to call home My only friend was the man in the mood And even sometimes he would go away too Then one night as I closed my eyes I saw a shadow flying high He came to me with the sweetest smile Told me he wanted to talk for a while He said, oh, that's what they call me Promise that you'll never be lonely And ever since that day I'm a lost girl from Everlands Usually hanging out with Peter Pan The board we play in the woods Always on the run from Captain Hook Run, run, lost girl They say to me Fromology Neverland is home to lost girls like me And lost girls like me are We're in pixie dust and told me to believe Believe in him and believe in me Together we will fly away in a cloud of green To your beautiful destiny We soared above the town that never loved me I realized I finally had a family Good enough we reached Neverland Peacefully, my feet, the sand And ever since that day I'm a lost girl from Neverland Usually hanging out with Peter Pan And when we're bored, we play in the woods Always on the run from Captain Hook Run, lost girl They say to me Away from Neverland is home to lost girls like me, and lost girls like me are free.

Neverland is home to lost girls like me, and lost girls like me are free.

And Tinkerbell, Windy Darling, even Captain Hook, you are my perfect storybook. Neverland I love you so you are now my home sweet home Forever a lost girl at last And for always I will say I am a lost girl from Neverland Usually hanging out with Peter Pan When we're bored we play in the woods Always on the run from Captain Hook Run, run, lost girl, they say to me, from all reality, neverland is home to lost girls like me, and lost girls like me are free, neverland is home to lost girls like me, and lost girls like you are free. I love you, my sweethearts.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



30-My-Girls-Pokemon-30-I-LOVE-YOU-GIRLS

Hello, my gorgeous girls. It's beautiful to see you again. I came up with a beautiful idea and I wanted to share it with you. How about this? How about you teach me philosophy?

Please? Please? I want to learn philosophy from you. Can you please teach me philosophy? Please?

I look forward to seeing your beautiful face. Yay!



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



30-My-Girls-Pokemon-31-Philosophy-as-Your-Career

Hey girls, I was thinking about the three top things that have directed me in life, and number one, and it will always be number one, is God, and God is just everything to me. And welcome to the gather. Uh, God's everything and I follow God with all my heart and all my mind, all my body. Everything is God's.

Uh, number two that's always preoccupied, both my heart and my mind, is beautiful girls, beautiful women. Like, I love females that, that are clean. Like, good-hearted females are amazing. Okay. Okay, so that's number two. And then number three would be philosophy. So philosophy has taken over my heart and it's taken over my mind and dedicate my life entirely to philosophy, becoming the best person that I can in life.

philosophy is the way that you do it. I would very much like to share my life with a like-minded individual who I can teach these subjects to most effectively. But I would love it if you could teach me teach me philosophy, because I always wanted to watch beautiful girls talk about wisdom, and all throughout my life, when you go to philosophy classes, they're like ugly people and ugly teachers and like everybody's like gross. I just wanted, like, beautiful, real females to actually be involved with the development of the future of philosophy.

Because let me tell you the way it's going, is it's become very mechanical. What happened was there was a war in like 16th, 17th century between continental philosophy, which was with heart and analytical philosophy, which was all with mind, like just like constructing crap without like feeling it through and pretty much analytical one, so now philosophy in university is detached from emotions which means they're cutting off femininity not only from females but from males and I do this too because you liberate me because I have very feminine emotional qualities. So by empowering you, you become capable to then take over the world and then make life for people like me much easier. So I very much hope that you You can teach me philosophy because I just want to see pretty girls talk about wisdom.

Please just get on a camera and talk about wisdom and I'll watch and it'll be beautiful. What I mean by being a philosopher is not going through and reading all the books and stuff which you should slowly get used to as a philosopher. introduced to every time but you've got the rest of your life to absorb it. But, I mean, you should think about your life and what you've done and what you've learned and mistakes you've made and things that you're unsure about and how you feel about things and how you think about things and try to be logical and emotional like try to use your heart and your mind to construct your thoughts like that's what I mean by philosophy you can be a little six-year-old if you're really smart be doing philosophy in front of the camera if you can construct your emotional feelings and how you think about it and then be able to articulate that enough to speak on camera then you can be a genius philosopher that takes over YouTube and I recommend some pretty six-year-old girl does that because she'll be number one and the thing is if she does that and she keeps doing that her whole life, she, wow, like from six years old, being a philosopher all the way, like, you don't stop what I'm doing now, like, this is addicting, like, from that whole time, imagine that person, that person's legacy on humanity, wow, this philosopher spent their whole life from 6 years old on camera doing philosophy because that's what you're doing and don't think anything other than that.

If you do this you are a philosopher and not only that if you do this you are not only a philosopher you are a philosopher teacher. So just do this and once you do this start to learn philosophy as you go. Work your way in. If you make little mistakes, then correct them as you go.

Usually you don't make big mistakes and if you do, don't worry so much. You can always correct it. Just try your best not to. To be honest, any mistakes that I make turn out to be good.

And some, like there's some shots that I do that you can't shoot twice, like shots of the spirit is like a once only and you can't shoot that scene twice. So, what you have to, so that, it's amazing, and even if there's an error in the shots of the spirit, what I found out is that, hey, that wasn't right, I should have done this, I should have done this, but there was something strange about it, I couldn't identify, I was like, I said, but everything's perfect, like, that was wrong, but everything's perfect, I'm I'm just going to leave it at it. In this series, or in the My Girl series, I've been not so much worrying about making small mistakes. I'll just keep going.

But, what I was saying, see I lost it, but I just got a message. I'll be back. Like the last scene, I did everything perfect, and then I lost my train of thought. And then I got a message, and I had to stop it.

But everything else was perfect, so I'll say I'll leave it in. And I thought about, hey, I could just edit this on Sony Vegas instead of just merging all the files. But I was like, hey, I'll show you the example. Like, everything I said in the last scene was perfect.

And it was a shame because I was wanting to get everything out in one scene. And maybe it'll take a few more scenes to get everything that I want to say out. But what I'm trying to say is that it doesn't take a genius to be a philosopher. All you have to do is critically analyze situations.

Be my student. Learn the things that I'm pointing out. disagree with things I say, agree with things I say, think about things differently. Like the way I like to argue most with people is more like, instead of disagreeing or agreeing, you present a completely different perspective so it's kind of throws you off, you go, whoa, that's weird, and you're like, eh, so if you're clever enough to do that, that will definitely get my attention but I'm looking to find enough students to be able to communicate about these topics full-time and then I could use the content in which we discuss to create very meaningful films that way the The content is not only coming from my own heart, but also the hearts of my students.

So if you are interested in becoming a student of mine, then please contact me. All my life since childhood, I just wanted to sit down, eat popcorn, and watch beautiful girls talk about wisdom and philosophy and their life and their emotions and what they feel about things and their perceptions and how they disagree with certain ways of looking at things and how they feel about their school and how they feel about the medical system and how they feel about everything else that's pushed upon them, how they feel about their parents, how they feel about vaccines and being raised in such a medically driven world. Like, it would be really good to get the opinion from the kids about how they feel about what they're living. But the thing is, you can't get an accurate opinion if you can't show them that there's another way.

So that's what I'm doing is showing them that, hey, maybe this way isn't right. And even if you're not a kid and you want to be a philosophy teacher and you're a beautiful girl, please be a philosophy teacher and teach me. And if you want to be my student, please come to me. Warning, I romance all of my students.

You can have me entirely around the clock. But however, even though my mind and my spirit are yours entirely, even my image. What world do you girls want to live within in the future? What you do right now will determine the future. If you don't become a philosophy

teacher right now, then the philosophy teachers of the future will be restricted to brainwashed mechanical devices and it will have no femininity integrated within it and this is my entire reason for performing this mission to finally liberate females and I mean really liberate females not just hey we built everything and run everything and here you have human rights so don't complain because we just recently gave you human rights so that's okay I mean like actually females taking over essentially and the way it has to work is we have to destroy all this masculinity and then rebuild femininity and then slowly integrate masculinity back into that. We already know how dominant, established male ideology performs within society. We have a long track record. So, to be honest, Ultimately, we need a mix between the two, but females need to take over first, and then just slowly integrate males back in until you get the yin-yang balance back.

Philosophy is the best career choice ever, my dear girls. I really mean that. Yes, I spent my entire life invested in philosophy philosophy and a good portion of that was suffering. However with these skills that critically thinking with heart throughout my life have obtained me have given me the potential to find my ivory and seriously how many other guys in this world have the opportunity to romance lots of girls and these girls are coming to this person to be romanced and these girls know that this person romances every girl that comes to him and these girls love that about him and I get to romance all the girls. Like, how awesome of a career have I set up for myself. So when

my haters look down on me and spit on me, then ultimately, who wins? Because I've spent my life talking to beautiful girls. Another reason, my dear girls, why philosophy is so important is that you're very malleable, meaning you're never set to any one thing because you can always tackle a situation from a different angle. So, with these modern jobs of the world, you become this profession.

And if you lose this profession, then you have to be looking for this particular profession. Whereas, within philosophy, I just keep moving and moving and moving until I get things right. And eventually something clicks in, and once that part clicks in, I don't have to worry about it again. And eventually these pieces just click, click, click, click, click, and all I want to do is commence.

beautiful girls to talk about philosophy on camera and share it with me so whatever I can do in this life to convince you girls to do that I'm gonna do it and how much I ever how much I ever have to run at you it matters not I'll just keep doing it and doing it and doing it because I love you so much because I really want to see your beautiful face on camera and I want you talking about wisdom and the lessons that you have learned in life and the lessons that you hope to learn and what you want to make of your life and what you want to do with your life and what you care about in this world and what you see in the society that hurts you and what you like that's implemented and all of this. I want to learn about you girls. I really dislike mainstream media and And I want to get it out of my life, like if not completely, like mostly, and to be honest, even a lot of the people that I follow who are amazing, who are like news sources to me, like if I had you girls, I wouldn't need them. Like, let's just talk philosophy and learn wisdom together, become better people together, please join me.

where free speech is at stake, my ladies, because you are not allowed to speak in this world without public approval, without discipline and censorship. Sugar! Spice! Love you, girls.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



30-My-Girls-Pokemon-32-Trust-and-Obey

Trust and obey, for there's no other way to be happy in Enos. Is to trust and obey.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



30-My-Girls-Pokemon-33-Power-of-Prayer

I love you so much, girls. You really mean the world to me. Thank you so much for watching. I appreciate you with everything in my heart, and I'm going to really try hard in this life to create a safe platform for you girls to be able to discuss philosophy.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



30-My-Girls-Pokemon-34-Armageddon

BRRRRRRRR



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



30-My-Girls-Pokemon-35-War





════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



30-My-Girls-Pokemon-36-Open-Source-University-Closure

Thank you.


༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
https://republicka.life
https://kkk.education
CC0 PUBLICKÁ DOMÁNIA
ALL LOVE RESERVED
AMORIARIACKA IS MY NATIVE TONGUE
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
