༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
💘 Matchmaker 💘
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻

December 2, 2020


Matchmaker, matchmaker, make me a match
Find me a find, catch me a catch
Matchmaker, matchmaker, look through your book
And make me a perfect match

Oh, matchmaker, matchmaker, I'll bring the veil
You bring the groom, slender and pale
Maybe a ring 'cause I'm longing to be
The envy of all I see

For Papa, make him a scholar
For Mama, make him rich as a king
For me, no, I wouldn't holler
If he were as handsome as anything

Matchmaker, matchmaker, make me a match
Find me a find, catch me a catch
Night after night in the dark I'm alone
So make me a match of my own


------


31-Matchmaker-U-1-Open-Source-University

Matchmaker, matchmaker, make me a match. Find me a find. Catch me a catch. Look through your book and make me a perfect match.

On May 21, 2012, humanity discovered a new technology and Open Source University was launched. This technology caused great disturbance amongst the people, so much so that the government incarcerated its creator indefinitely. This technology proved beyond a shadow of a doubt that humans are not restricted by anything except what they are told, meaning that we are only confined by the people who tell us what we can and cannot do. Four miracles were captured on camera and abilities were performed that were far beyond the capabilities of the average human or any other human that exists whatsoever.

The more the technology developed, the more the society claimed documented fact as fiction. After the fiction proven as fact, the society then fell into a state of cognitive dissonance, no longer knowing whether to believe me or mainstream. Society was unsure what to do, so the technology gained haters and lots of obsessed people. Many of those haters. Some who just follow me only to dislike my videos.

I have a pretty large group of followers who only follow me so they can immediately dislike my videos as soon as I post them. But, out of 313 subscribers, I know for a fact that at least 15 of these are real. Because, at least 15 of these are my dedicated students. So, why would I care about these people?

Over the last few months, I have been speaking with a beautiful 12-year-old girl, and her parents found out about me, and now she's not allowed to have me in her life. but unfortunately dear I don't see any way that this could happen without your parents involved I trust you if it's me you want though I'm not sure what it is you want but if it's me you want TikTok girl matchmaker matchmaker make me a match find me a find Catch me a catch Night after night In the dark I'm alone So find me a match of my own I am very sorry if it wasn't all that good I really did try hard for it This girl is 15 and she came to me To see if she could help me in any way And I said, yes, you can defend me on kiwi farms. And look at what she says. She says, I cannot bring myself to even in that way.

They are very mean. And I am fragile. Poor girl.

There's a lot of girls out there in the world with emotions that are really built up. Because if they, like, let them out, then they would get insulted publicly. So there's all this knowledge that females have in them, emotional knowledge, that I'm super interested in. And they're too afraid to share that information with me.

because if they do then they are going to get attacked which this is my whole purpose like I can endure insults I can endure the abuse but my girls can't so like this is why I'm trying so hard to create a platform where my girls can feel safe. Please realize that I am talking to fans all of the time and I'm trying very hard to learn what they want in an education system and even out of me in this life. So I'm fighting for them. I very much want to fill up my life with just teaching philosophy. So if you are interested

in becoming a student of mine, then please email me. Go ahead and email me and we can enroll you as a student as soon as you prove your heart to me. The fees for Open Source University are divided into two sections, and all students will be expected to pay their fees in full. Matchmaker, matchmaker, make me a match, find me a fight, catch me a catch.

Can you guys imagine how beautiful this story is going to end with Ivory by my side? Like, that's going to be so gorgeous because it finalizes so much in life and, like, it makes things perfect. When you come into my life, my girl, you're going to rock my world.

I had to think very hard. I can't continue my girls because God won't let me until my girls start defending me. So what was I going to do? I give up video work, quit everything that I worked so hard for, or be creative and think about something that I can actually teach you.

And maybe mostly philosophically I am unavailable now due to being abused so much. There is a big topic that I have a lot to teach in, and that would be matchmaking, so what a perfect new series to start. To be honest, I very much hope that this is a very short series because I'm just going to beg again and again and again and again and again for you to find my ivory for me. So, this is probably going to be a rather embarrassing series for me, so maybe all of my haters can have a lot of fun making fun of me for making a TV show that is based around begging my audience to set me up with a girl.

And I very much like my new style actually directly speaking to my fans because I can't be abusive doing that. Like, it's not possible for me to abuse someone who wants to absorb this content. so like the whole my girl series is what showed me that because like I just focused everything on my girls it was like so super fun like that's such a cool show I love that show and I can't wait to start it back again but in the past I would constantly talk to these trolls because they were the only ones who were communicating with me so I would just put them on the spot and now I have students so it's a lot different for me now which is much more healthier for my psychology because I'm not constantly abusing the camera because honestly that wasn't good for me mentally and emotionally to do that. It's much better to very much love the person who you're speaking to on the other end of the camera rather than visualize them as your haters for we have flipped the truth now for now my haters are super creepy because they are super obsessed with me like completely like way more obsessed with me than my students even and they constantly and they hate me too so like they're constantly watching everything I do as soon as I do it around the clock yet they hate me so so weird this world's so strange I have tried my best to be a matchmaker throughout my life and I've spent countless hours just considering people's personalities and then like in my mind putting them together and playing that out seeing how that could function so i'm always idealizing different types of potential romantic relationships A big reason is because I care very much about the people in my life and I want the best people for them and there's not very many good people in this world.

My brother's wife came to me on a dating website and after I learned her personality a little, I thought about my brother, and I was thinking, hey, these two would probably work really, really well together. And then I hooked them up, and they are now very happily married with lots of children. I hooked my mother up with her second husband, who she spent a very long time with, raising many, many, many adopted kids. they're no longer together but I still did the right thing. All of my students I

consider their personality and then I think about what resources I have in my life and how I could potentially provide them with what they need in this life. I am not against arranged marriages, as long as they are by choice. This world is just so selfish, like, everybody only thinks of themselves. So, like, when other people come into their lives, they're not thinking about what they have to offer that person.

person, they're just thinking about what they can take from that person. If you become one of my students and you have not found your soulmate yet, then I will spend my life attempting to direct you to the right place, hook you up. My life is dedicated to love, however, there are terms and conditions to my services, and that is that my students, my girls, they don't have boyfriends, they have husbands, so the The requirements to utilize my services is that you can't have sexual intercourse until you're married. If I hook you up with someone, you are welcome to be their friend as much as you want, but you are morally not allowed to have sexual intercourse with that person until you have a ring on your finger. How important is one individual in this world? How many YouTubers

or even other stars do you know that will give their life to you for free? Everything And as my students know, my clock revolves around, please be my student, please be my matchmaker, matchmaker, make me a match, find me a find, catch me a catch. I very much look forward to hearing from you, and if you are a gorgeous girl, I mean that one thousand times that I just said it, because my gorgeous beauties. Your emotions is what I thrive off in this life.

And I very much want you to share your emotions with me. Thank you for watching, my brilliant students. I know this isn't a typical philosophy type production that I do, but it's all I'm allowed to do right now. And to be honest, I think that matchmaking is a very important topic in society, so I think it worked out perfect.

I think this is an appropriate series, and I very much look forward to burying this series after I find Ivory, and then just continuing my girls while training Ivory. And maybe we can make some productions together or something? I don't know, like, we don't even need to be in the same room. We can still have fun, like, technology in this world has enabled us to become such capable creatures.

And we are no longer limited by distance. And for that reason, I am very happy that I ended up being born into the era in which I am in.

Have a great day, my little matchmakers. I expect the best out of you.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



31-Matchmaker-U-2-Fairy-Tale-Ending

This is from a 12 year old girl. And everything that she has shared with me meets my conditions. If this girl is beautiful, then I would very much want to take her for my wife. I think it is very sad that their parents stopped me from reaching their hearts.

This is the first girl who I have spoken with, who so far, everything aligns.

But she is 12, and my mission is to marry a 12-year-old. So that means that if she is the one, then by September 3rd next year, we will be married.

But if she is not, then this is a beautiful example to show you what I mean. Tick-tock, my little stunner. You don't have a lot of time. Won't you agree?

For this to be successful, this is all going to depend on a variety of circumstances all coming together perfectly in unison. so the first thing that needs to happen is the girl needs to realize that's what she wants and just go for it and not stop and just tell everybody and just not stop we also got to get your parents on board because I've thought about this for 10 years and I don't know any other way that this could work without your parents being on board so that's a pretty difficult task to ask of you and then we have my part coming together which will be me bowing to you entirely and saying what do you need to do this work my dear I'm here for you in everything we also have finances to think about my dear and I'm a pretty poor person I can't just up and leave because I I kind of owe like $1,600 to $1,800, I don't know, $2,000 or something. I've got to pay $2,000 back.

And if I'm not going to live in Australia, then I won't be receiving a pension. So we have to figure out a way that I can support us. If you are able to come to Australia or if you are already in Australia, then I could just quit drugs and then I could quite easily support the both of us with my income. This girl, by the way, is amazing. Like, it's too amazing to be true. So, don't get me wrong, because I do have suspicions about the validity of this.

However, I think it's real. Her responses would not make sense if she were trolling because trolls are attempting to get information out of you or to get you to say something and that's not at all what the emails are doing. I will move on from my windy lady's window, but before I do, I want her to know that if I am what she is looking for in this life, then she needs to just fully go for it. Otherwise, there is going to be another lovely lady who will pick me up because I am begging on my knees to my audience member to please, please set me up with my perfect match.

When we get married, it will be on camera, displayed to the entire world. And I will think very carefully about how we will do that, because that is the most important day of my life. And I need to ensure that I adequately capture it for not only myself for all of eternity, but for all of humanity. I have been sending little messages to this girl throughout the My Girl series and it's been fun. And the thing is, I don't reveal all of my cards.

Like, I'm talking to a lot of people and people think I'm crazy, but the thing is, is that evidence stays evidence independent of how long I wait until I show you it as evidence. So, when I sit on something, I'm sitting on quite a lot right now. I'm always sitting on a lot. Just waiting for that right moment to occur, and then I can release it.

Because even with only the cards in which I already possess right now, it is still possible to obtain that fairy tale. But here is the thing, Wendy darling. I did not like the end of that story. And for always I will say

I'm a lost girl from Neverland Out with Peter Pan And when we're bored we play in the woods Always on the run from Captain Hook Run, run, lost girl They say to me From all the team Because, my girls, this is not a fairy tale ending. Let's fix this ending. A fairy tale ending is a perfect resolution to a story like the one found in a fairy tale. Let's again attempt this prayer that I have attempted so many times, but never quite managed to get right.

Dear God, please help me to get this prayer right this time.

A fairytale ending.

Simplistic. Dear Venus, goddess of love, Aphrodite, my heart that I follow, please give me my ivory.

There are so many tears that occur off camera that you will never see. because I only include a very small portion of my tears in electronic format.

I am going to accomplish my mission in life.

Previously, I have been like, oh, if it doesn't happen, it doesn't matter, whatever. But I am here now. And after careful observation of the people who are obsessed with me, who hate me, I have learned that it doesn't matter what I do. They're going to hate me anyway.

So, I'm just going to hit a home run. I'm going to go the whole way. I'm going to accomplish my mission here on Earth, and I am going to marry a 12-year-old. I warn all of those who get in my way. Because I don't care who you are. Because if you're stopping me from doing this, then I will fucking destroy you.

All is fair in love and war, and I have obsessively invested my entire life since childhood in love.

Do you try and block me from my ivory? I will destroy you. How much should a man love his woman? I am showing you right now.

Because they love me, and I love them, wherefore they are no more twain, but one flesh. What, therefore, God hath joined together, let not man put asunder. Therefore, what God has joined together, let not man separate. Matchmaker, matchmaker, make me a match. Find me a match. Catch me a catch. Matchmaker, matchmaker, look through your book and make me a perfect match. Thank you.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



31-Matchmaker-U-3-Your-Digital-Identity

Don't you just love the amazing descriptions that my haters provide me? Don't you just love how much information they include in their descriptions of me that just hit the nail on the head?

Don't you just love how I am being upgraded? I am just so impressed with creepy people who won't stop following me and hate me very, very much. My name is Wendell Charles NeSmith, and all throughout my life, I have had creepy people who would latch on to me and get entirely obsessed with me, and oftentimes these people would not even like me. This has happened throughout my entire life, including childhood.

all throughout my life I have had Jews who would not leave me alone because of the work that I'm doing but here's the truth my children they are not Jews I am I'm a Jew. They won't leave me the fuck alone. I wonder what it is that they did to Hitler. They keep saying that the things that I say are untrue.

But, in time, my productions prove everything that I say say because I provide evidence into everything in which I say in my productions. To them I was a skitz cow when I was the only one brave enough to stand up for justice in this world and now that my actions are encouraging my students to also stand up for justice. Now, I have graduated beyond a Schitz cow into the diplomacy of horror cow. A horror cow is a low cow that is primarily known for their disgusting and or creepy behavior. Horror cows may

typically be known for one or multiple of the following, pedophilia, zoophilia, necrophilia, coprophilia, exceptionally violent behavior, excessive attention seeking displays and or other disgusting creepy and or horrifying behaviors the reason why all of this is so important to me and the reason that I will not let it go is because you have to understand what these idiots are doing to people Because they have taken over my digital identity. Because now my digital identity is constantly stalked and abused for the content in which I create. And if we are to create someone's digital identity without them, meaning we're the ones creating it, we're painting it onto them, then we should do that accurately to best reflect that person. And when we include lies, especially lies as the very core of what we're presenting, then we definitely have a problem.

There are two posts that this world has created against me that have attached themselves to my digital identity. We will take care of this one in time.

How many of my girls out there are brave enough to become philosophers when they see my digital identity becoming corrupt like that? Merely for doing the right thing. So, how does this encourage or discourage people in our world to do the right or wrong thing? These people are highly inappropriate for my content. They have no capabilities of being able to process the information logically or emotionally, so they're just obsessed with staring at me talking because there is no way that they can understand any of the things in which I say.

I will prove to my girls that having a lot of people hate you in this world or having bad information about you online isn't the be-all and end-all of the world. And I am attempting to show my girls how they can fix their online reputation after it has already been destroyed. A war is coming. I wonder what happens if I get upgraded to HorrorCal because they want to increase their numbers as well. And I work very slowly because I am attempting to paint the entire picture before you so you can understand the nature of the beast in which you are dealing with.

These people expend a great amount of effort blocking my path from Ivory. I won't hesitate to nudge my future daughter in his direction.

Then she won't have to waste her teens and twenties dating. She will be emancipated from the modern-day suppression of her natural instincts. She will be light years ahead of her peers in wisdom.

My unborn are Wendell's girls.

Logic. Just think about this, my students, because all of my students feel this way.

So, have I really failed in all that I aimed out for in this life? Or have I been extremely successful?

So, let's imagine down the track when my students have children and all of their children are my girls. Imagine what our future society is going to look like merely because I existed. Because the truth is, my lost girls, is that they do not care about the truth or even what the public thinks about me. Anything in which reflects upon me positively is not discussed in that forum. Can you see how they are manipulating your minds? They are encouraging you to make a decision about me without assessing what it is in which I am saying.

The assumption in their words, point that I am evil, their language in which they utilize, is already tainted by their own bias. Even my students tell me to drop this and that it is not worth it. But you must remember, my students, this is my digital identity and not yours. Maybe if you ever invest your life in standing up against injustices, then someone will be brave enough to protect your digital identity when idiots attempt to destroy it.

My digital identity is quite hilarious because it has lots of really weird stuff in it because I had to grab people's attention somehow. So, I do not really care the content that is within my digital identity, but I am a weird person in this world, and I am attempting to pave the way for the new philosophers of the world. And normal people don't like being constantly abused and stalked, so I'm trying hard to fix it so people don't have to worry about that in the future if they want to be a philosopher. They are now dead. They live no more. Their spirits do not rise. You punished them and brought them to ruin. You wiped out all memory of them.

This, my gorgeous girls, is a brave girl, and I very much want you to look up to her as a role model. My beautiful students, you know me. You live with me. You invite me to your home almost every night so that we can discuss philosophy together. You know I would never hurt my girl. Please, my friends, my matchmaker.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



31-Matchmaker-U-4-Mother-Wendy

Wendy Darling, my haters are publicly asking you to do something. They don't realize that I am actually speaking with my Wendy Lady. How is it possible for me to be Wendy when from the very beginning of my work, Wendy has always been a character that has not been me. You can't take away the characters of my own show and you want more tears and you want more threats, please wait for my ivory because when I find her, she is going to abuse the fuck out of all of you and her threats will not be empty.

for she will spend her entire lifetime ensuring that what she says comes to pass. When I find her, you will be greatly abused by a child for your idiocracy, a female child, and she will then encourage her peers to also abuse you. I am very slow. You act like when I say something, I expect it to happen immediately. You can type all you want for now, but I will win in the end.

For none shall escape the wrath of Ivory. Do not think that Ivory has come to bring peace to the earth. She has not come to bring peace, but a sword. For she has come to set a man against his father, and a daughter against her mother, and a daughter-in-law against her mother-in-law.

For a person's enemies will be those who are next to them. Because, Wendy Lady, in order to successfully carry out your work, you need to cry harder and make more threats. I told you that I could train you from afar, my dear. How am I doing? I don't need to be in the same room as you. And to be honest, I don't even need to swap emails with you constantly because I am talking to you right here, right now, face to face.

How important is an email that you send me and which I reply to? How important is it for me to stand here, show my face, and talk to you personally?

Thank you, my Wendy Lady, for being exactly who you are. Thank you for enabling me to discuss these subjects on such a real level because it's really happening. Thank you for allowing me to use our conversations as an example. because even if you are not Ivory, you have greatly assisted me to find her merely by coming to me and sharing your heart.

Thank you, Wendy Lady, for everything.

Thank you so much for coming to me and sharing your heart with me. This is my girl, and I love her very much, because whenever I think about her, my knees feel weak, my palms get sweaty, and I get this funny feeling in my chest. Zionists are the scum of the world, and I would be willing to bet that a good portion of my haters are Zionists, who have targeted me specifically for the information in which I am attempting to share with you. They call themselves Jews, but my dear ones, nothing could be further from the truth.

I know thy works and tribulation and poverty, but thou art rich, and I know the blasphemy of them, which say they are Jews and are not, but are the synagogue of Satan. If Jesus were to be reincarnated into this world, what group of people would it be who are against him?

What group of people would it be who wish to spend their lives to stop his message from spreading? Well, it would not be the Christians because they very much want what has already happened to occur and it would not be the Muslims because they also want Jesus to return to destroy this fucked up world. So if Jesus were to return from the Trinity, who is it that are his enemies? Zionism is both an ideology and nationalist movement among the Jewish people that espouses the reestablishment of and support for a Jewish state in the territory defined as the historic land of Israel.

There are two very significant messiahs in which the Jewish people follow, and a lot of this is very much so under the table because they don't want the public to know about this. So first there was Sabbatai Zebi and he came to the realization that everything in Judaism is reversed, meaning that what they say is is good is actually bad. So he implemented a doctrine to entirely reverse Judaism. And after his passing, Jacob Frank took over his work to further develop it.

Their entire approach is infiltration. So, their goal was to infiltrate every religion and every aspect of society, and then taint it and corrupt it. And that is exactly what they did, because Judaism no longer exists in this world, for they corrupted the very core of that religion. And now the Jewish people all follow a corrupt faith led by those who reverse its doctrines.

The true Jews of the world have been working tirelessly to reveal all of their secrets in which they have kept hidden over the human history. And it is here, and only here, that I have ever been capable of finding Jews who are worth a damn. So fuck you, you fake satanic Jew. And fuck you, you seriously creepy people. For I have never met anybody creepier in this world than Jews.

Because here's what they do, my students. They are actively looking at everybody. And anything that they don't like as a collective, they will then send their lackeys on. So they are constantly looking at ways in which they can fuck people up in the world.

Hey, here is a new video producer who is saying information that we do not like. What shall we do to take care of it? I stay to myself. I do not bother anybody.

I don't look for people who are doing something in the world that make me uncomfortable. I just try to live my life the best that I can.

Why does there exist this huge group of super creepy people who obsess over people they hate and then they spend great efforts and attempts to take them down like they don't even like them? like why are they watching my content why won't they leave me alone can they just stop writing about me can they just delete that thread can they just like leave me alone

i am not saying that all of these soulless fucks are jews but what i am saying is that the jews Humans create public appearance. They band together to make a narrative and then they make that narrative appear as it's real and then the idiots of the world then believe the narrative in which they preached even though it's very far from the truth. Why won't you leave me alone? You hate me, and you hate my content. Why do you love abusing me? Why can't you just leave me alone, please?

They have no ability to fathom what it is that I am doing here. When I do a lot of good work and make a lot of good content, instead of being good at my job and doing my job well, I am manic. If I make 10 amazing videos in one day, then that is an extremely successful day. day. And those videos will last an eternity. They will far outlive my own life. So what is the value

of one of my videos? I am very, very intelligent, meaning that I can just continue to create work indefinitely and this world considers that a mental illness because tick tock world my girl is on a clock if I had the ability to obtain her if society allowed me to when I started this then I would have been 14 years older than her when we married. Society would not let me and now it is 10 years later and I will be 24 years older than her. Society, how old do you want me to be when I am with this girl? Because

The more you tell me no, the older I get, and she stays the same age. I know that my students are preparing, which means the world to me, so don't get me wrong when I say that people don't care about these problems because people very much do care about these problems. It's just that we are philosophers, so we have to carefully analyze these problems and then be very clever and think of creative solutions in order to fix them. I am abused every day, my students, merely for bringing this information to you, and I'm not asking anyone for anything, and I have made nothing from any of this.

I beg you, my beautiful students, please look around your world, assess your resources, and if you have a resource that could potentially be mine, it would mean the world to me if you could send it my way. What is my reward for doing all of this? You email me, and you tell me your heart. That's what's really meaningful to me.

If none of you emailed me, if none of you decided to be brave and speak with me, then you would not be receiving this right now. So, for all of my students who have dedicated themselves to the information in which I have to share, but have done nothing regarding that information, If you are one of these students who appreciates my work but have not taken a stand yourself, then you need to very much appreciate those who do stand up. Because if there were nobody in this world, I would have quit this long ago.

So, my inactive fans, please appreciate the active ones, because they are the ones who are bringing this content to you, and not myself. Thank you for watching, my little cupids. I hope you have a wonderful day.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



31-Matchmaker-U-5-Ivory-Heart

normal more lies in here but how does it make sense that this girl is from the Australian government why would a troll or a honeypot send an entire email with With merely these six words in them, why would the government send me an entire email just with these words in it? Entrapment is the action of tricking someone into committing a crime in order to secure their prosecution. one can hurt me because what would be the result? Hey, this guy is going to train this girl for a long time and eventually then meet up and marry her and on the night of the wedding That's when we expose it all.

The night of the wedding, that is when we activate the trap and we imprison you.

That works perfectly fine for me. So, give me the girl, still not doing anything illegal. Let me consummate the marriage, there's the illegal act. Throw me into prison, and then I will watch as Ivory obsessively attempts to get me out.

You don't just give a criminal everything that they want in life, and then arrest them.

That would not make sense. If there truly were any honeypots that were directed at me that I am involved in, I'm not. It's impossible. I'm not saying that there were never honeypots presented to me.

I am just saying that a honeypot is encouraging you to do something illegal so they can prosecute. They're not encouraging you to accomplish everything that you desire in life and then get arrested. Like, can you see what I'm saying? There's no logic in all of this.

A honeypot would attempt to encourage me to do something illegal before I married this girl. but that is impossible. God protects what he loves. I trust you dear girl and I trust that you are the person who you say that you are and if you are gorgeous my love then I will work very hard to put a ring on your finger. And to be honest, I think she's gorgeous because it wasn't

really too difficult to convince her to get in front of a camera. It's just her parents that say no to that. But to Wendy's parents, here's the thing. Your girl is already mine. I am an extremely

unique person in this world. I am one of a kind and she will never find another like me. Wendy lady is mine whether or not you allow her to be because eventually she will be able to make her own choices and when she can do that she's coming back to me so So it is really this girl's parent's choice whether she is my soulmate or not. But either way you look at it, she is mine, not only for the rest of this life, but for all of eternity.

Because after myself and my girls pass from this world, we will all go to the same place. So go ahead and get angry at your daughter for loving wisdom.

But if you do that, my advice to this lovely lady is to rebel against you. Sometimes I dislike using my beautiful girl's names within the emails because I don't want to reveal my Wendy lady's name at this time because it is something very special. Something already written into the stars. Magic before I even touched it.

Because the real magician of this show is not I, but my Wendy Lady. Why would the government contact me in order to give me content that can help me progress in my work?

How would it make sense for a honeypot operation to further my own goals?

Wendy lady is a real Wendy lady. I love you, girl. Because the truth is, everybody who I talk to regularly turns out to be who they say they are. And my haters use people that are real, that really exist, to insult me, saying they don't really exist, when I know that these people really exist.

Excuse me sir, I am CIA and I would love to be your student. I will give you my life, please teach me. Sure, I'll teach a CIA agent wisdom. The CIA really needs some wisdom right about now.

We live in a world where someone can give their heart to the entire public daily and get abused daily for doing that. And we live in a world where good people don't stand up for people who are trying to protect justice. What do you think a world will become under these conditions? Wendy lady, if you are pretty, please marry me.

Think, dearest Wendy lady, do you want me?

Do you want me?

Do you want me? If your answer is yes, this is how many days you have left to put a ring on my finger. Think carefully about this decision, dear girls, because soulmates are bound together for eternity.

After we are together, I will work very hard to live an extremely healthy life. so that I can maximize its longevity.

However, I'm a bit older than you girls, so if you and I ever end up together,

it is very likely that when we get old, I will probably pass before you do.

And this is the big thing, because after I pass, if you want me for eternity, you can't have sex with other men.

I am an exclusive option. If you want me, ladies, then you want to have sex with one person for the rest of your life. And if I do pass before you, I will spend great amounts of effort throughout my life to ensure that you have everything that you need to live out the remainder of your life in an amazing and beautiful way. You don't need other men in this life, my dear. You just need me.

and when i pass my dear i will never leave your side for i have thought all of this out very carefully and i will always be one click away from you I know that right now I very much have my eyes set on this girl, but let's come back to the title of this series, Matchmaker. Just because this girl exists, please do not decide that this means you no longer have to matchmake me. Because in all honesty, that will probably not work out. To be honest, what has happened to me has presented a perfect example for me to show you.

So even though my heart would really want to be with this girl for the rest of eternity, that's probably not what is going to happen. So please, my beautiful matchmakers, assess your world to see if you have the girl I need in it. I say this though, my windy lady, but my heart says you, because this is one gorgeous girl who is much, much, much wiser than I am. It makes me very sad that you can't obtain a camera.

However, I am still happy to be your tutor, my girl.

It looks like your parents have backed you into a corner, dear. So, it looks like your only option currently is to write about your thoughts and ideas. But I can't wait for the day until you get a camera. Oh, my windy lady, how I long so much to be in your company and to hold your hand.

You, my dear, are very, very, very wrong. wrong, for you have romanced me. What a wise, wise, wise girl. My haters might hate me, but I am being romanced by beautiful underaged girls. Publicly, what man can claim those

bragging writes, I am the luckiest man and on the moon because I will sit locked in a white rubber room if I get the opportunity in this life to spend it with those who I love most in it which is young girls and I have only been capable of achieving all that I have achieved because I publicly came out and announced myself as a pedophile so to all the pedophiles out there in the world who hide themselves are you sure that you're doing the right thing wendy darling you can have this to claim it you need only email me with the address in which you want me to send it to I will sign it exactly how you command me, because, yes, of course, I want you to be my ivory, but even if you're not my ivory, you are the person that I have dedicated my entire life to. So, this is most appropriately.

Always heiress.

Always heiress.

Always heiress. I very much want this girl to be my ivory. Now let us unearth some old work of mine and rediscover potential outcomes. all of this because I said very clearly a very long time ago that if I ended up reaching her through my own efforts and not being hooked up if it wasn't a match like if there was no matchmaker then that would turn out very very very bad for the world so I refer your eyes back to the title of this series because God wanted a matchmaker to set Ivory and myself up and God empowered me to teach the people how to do it for ten years and if they have failed after ten years of obsessive work then this world is going to experience great wrath. Wendy

darling do not love these people



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



31-Matchmaker-U-6-Living-Neverland

this gorgeous girl is now mine I love you too apparently actually doing everything that you presented that you would do over 10 years is losing it because I spent 10 years telling all of you what I was going to do and now I'm finally doing it and that's completely losing it. These idiots have gone completely insane because now their descriptions make absolutely no sense. So do I have any students in my audience who can actually make sense of this? What about you, Wendy lady? Do you understand what that's trying to say?

Six word girl is absolutely gorgeous. And no, I have never seen a picture of her. And you are trying to use that against me. How? So, my heart has fallen in love with a gorgeous 12-year-old girl who I have never seen before. And that is negative. The way I see it, that kind of proves my point. That all of this really isn't about a 12-year-old girl.

I would not marry her if she were not gorgeous because my ivory needs to be gorgeous in order to accomplish the task ahead of her.

But just the fact that I am very ready to take that leap speaks miles about my character. For her body is but a vessel, and yes, I want it very much to be beautiful, but it is her soul that I am concerned with, and even though she has not shared photos with me, she has shared her soul with me. So, my dear, I will wait patiently for your email. I love you, Wendy, darling.

As far as not being a child, my old soul, I think you should use that to your advantage.

Embrace being a child.

Never leave childhood.

Reject adulthood. Because, dear Wendy Lady, I am Peter Pan. And I am here to keep you in childhood forever.

I am here to give you pixie dust and teach you how to fly. I am here to offer you the fountain of youth. I am here to fly you off to Neverland. and we are to defeat Hook and his mind-controlling pirates.

I am not here to teach you how to grow up. I am here to try and convince you to stay a child forever.

Why do you think my target age was 12 years old? because I had to find you before you grew up so that I could try and convince you never to grow up. Adults suck super duper bad, my windy lady, so please do not become one of them. I spent 10 years trying to find this girl and throughout all of it I was abused. Throughout that 10 years I took no actions towards any girl but I described how it would look when the time was right for me to take those actions.

The time is right right now. Why are you getting this content where I am actually doing things instead of just talking about doing things? These idiots are the stupidest fuckheads that I have ever encountered in my life. For you can tell them exactly what you are going to do, and they won't understand, so they won't be able to document it, which means no one will know.

And then they will be extremely surprised when you do exactly what you tell them to do. Like, you can even tell them verbatim and they just won't understand the words.

It's a weird trick that I learned to play with the humans of this world because when you are super smart, the humans have no ability to cognitively follow along with you. So, I use this to my advantage sometimes and just start talking crap to see how perceptive they are. and they'll just like oh oh oh you got a point there you know like oh like you know and I'm just talking crap so like you know valid valid valid this is like important important and now I'm going to talk crap crap crap crap crap but I'm acting like it's important right crap crap crap and the person go yeah man like you're awesome man you're like it's like wow you are so stupid. I don't know how many hours I have filmed, but I reckon it's between 1 to 2,000 and maybe potentially more. That's a lot of hours, and that's a lot of hours of me telling

exactly what I'm going to do. And the thing is, I don't forget. I have an extremely good memory, so whenever the opportunity arises to take those actions, then I take those actions. And when I do that, everybody goes, whoa, this man's crazy.

And it's like, well, you know, I did, you know, tell you I was going to do exactly this. Like, these people are so stupid.

Human? Humane? Are they?

I don't know what your problem is, but I'm pretty sure I am never going to consummate a marriage. like these people are fucking idiots and it's entirely obvious in their language in which they utilize like and the world can't see it is weird because i can see stupid people everywhere like i see stupid people they're just like everywhere man and the world can't see it and it's just so strange and I can easily prove that these people are fucking idiots but then but then they just ignore that content like anything that puts them in a bad light and anything that puts me in a good light then they will avoid that content because apparently I still don't have girls only trolls even though every day more and more girls come to me how many girls comes to this fool maybe someone will actually do something eventually I get so few views but I have now 16 students who are dedicated students of mine and that's sixteen that I know of so I'm pretty happy with the students in which I have like I have said from the very beginning that I am for the few and not the many so like I am actually making videos for fifteen people right now And it's actually way more than that because I know the long term consequences of what I'm doing. But like, seriously, I'm very happy with my students. I'm happy with the results of my work.

And I don't understand how these idiots can't see that I'm not trying to be famous here. I'm just trying to enable girls to be able to take back the world that you fucking stole from them, you satanic Jew. It's really hilarious because this is the foundations of their entire religion. and these idiots would not understand a single mark on this tree of life because they are not in that book.

Real Jews spent great amounts of effort hiding the real Jewish doctrine from your people because they knew how stupid you satanic Jews would be and they knew that you would never be able to comprehend this graph. For this graph is not something in which I can teach you with words and it is not something that i will be teaching you because its abstract nature does not allow anything to confine it

you satanic idiot jew for the fate of your soul is already inscribed in the central tenets of your religion. And it's hilarious because the Jewish population does not realize that it is condemning their souls to fucking hell. You fucking fake satanic Jews who hate me. Tell me what this fucking means. You will never be able to because I know your capabilities

And this is far, far, far beyond your capabilities. You have entirely different eyes than I do. You look at the fucking tree of life and you see gibberish. You see archetypes and you see ways to connect and manipulate the mind.

but you can't see how the core of your own fucking philosophy condemns you to eternity in fucking hell these my beautiful students are Jews these people stare at this rubbish for their entire lives entirely confused about it until it clicks in their head my Jew haters will never understand their own religion and this my beautiful students I find absolutely hilarious please do not get me wrong because I do teach the tree of life although I do it very slowly pushing you along here and there and to be honest keep with me and you will understand the tree of life but not in the way in which Judaism does it I find it overly complex. I find the study of Kabbalah unnecessarily convoluted. But they did it to hide information and there is no capabilities to be able to obtain that information if you don't have the wisdom to be able to receive it. To be honest, much of the tree of life and its representation is intentionally obscure, meaning it was planted there so that one day the correct eyes would be able to see it.

So do not be afraid of them, for there is nothing concealed that will not be disclosed, or nothing hidden that will not be made known. If I want to make videos for 15 people, I should be allowed to do that without getting abused by the public. And if I want to make videos for zero people, then I should be able to do that without getting abused by the public. You guys are all fucking stupid because you can't marry a dead girl. I did that to share her story, you fucking idiots.

There is nothing that I can do in this life without being persecuted. No matter what option I take, people like Kiwi Farms are going to insult me. So, thank you, Kiwi Farms, for encouraging me to take this the whole way, because what's the point of not taking it the whole way, if you're still going to be upset with me anyway?

So, you're going to be upset with me no matter what I do, so I'm just going to do the thing that you don't want me to do the most. Wendy lady. If this world would have let me be a pedophile and allowed me to teach I would have lived through this life alone but this world rejected me and refused to allow me to teach. so it took everything away from me so instead of like giving me a little bit and saying hey be happy with what you got it said no you can have absolutely nothing so when you have absolutely nothing that you want in this life you become a very powerful person because you don't take shit from anybody so because this world took away everything in which I loved in life I had no reason to live life so this made me want to end my life throughout it and eventually I learned that I would just be happiest if I just did it and took all the abuse so that is what is happening right now I am actually doing what I have said that I was going to do for the last 10 years so I look forward to prison or a psychiatric ward you know that's where you'll put me like it'll be funny choreographed every move every single thing documented in time. I say what I want, what I desire, on camera, and then

the audience can see my toils that I take to get there. So, from the very beginning I have said what I wanted, and this is the process to get there. Thank you for watching my beautiful students. I am asexual or demisexual to be more specific, but just because I am asexual does not mean that I have no functionality over my private parts.

homosexuality your sexual attraction to that person increases the more you emotionally connect with them but my haters are such idiots and they say such mean things to me and accuse me of such horrible things that are untrue like I I could just spend my life going through everything they say and say, that's not right, that's not right, that's not right, because it's all wrong, it's all wrong. A demisexual only feels sexually attracted to someone once they've made a strong emotional connection.

That is my flag and I fly it high.

Did not need a partner because I'm asexual? When did I say that? I have never said that. See, they just keep feeding words into my mouth that are untrue. And when have I not been faithful? And what evidence are you using to try and prove that I would not be faithful?

The abuse really does get to me, my beautiful students.

Maybe someone will actually do something eventually.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



31-Matchmaker-U-7-It-Is-Finished

I warned everybody again, and again, and again, and again. I have gotten to the point in my life where I am very happy with the students in which I have. And I think it's time for me to separate myself from the public now. Don't waste what is holy on people who are unholy. Don't throw your pearls to pigs. They will trample the pearls, then turn and attack you.

So now I am going to take all of my trolls, in which I have acquired over the last 10 years, and I will then provide them a personal server with my work on it. This will give us the best of both worlds, for I can make as many videos to those who I love in my life, and I don't have to share my content with those who are going to hurt me for sharing it. I spent a long time warning you all that this would happen, but you didn't believe that I would do it. Now I don't care because I have these students that my heart so desires, so what does it matter if I share anything with you idiots?

Now, because of how the public has treated me over my lifetime, the public will no longer have access to my work. There is nobody to blame but the public themselves. How much will I say and what will I say to my students in the future? This is something that you will never know now because you chose to be an evil person instead of a good person.

None of this will work if you refuse to protect your open source teachers. So now I get to continue my life exactly as before, except this time only sharing my soul with those who share their soul with me. I know that my girls are real, so why do I care about anything in which you say?

I have already acquired all that I need in order to accomplish everything that my heart desires in this world. I have already obtained the people in this life that I want to revolve around, and I no longer need to try and find other people out there. Because I have gotten to the point where I can expand now from my core students instead of having to put my fragile heart out there in front of the entire internet only so that you can all step on it. Because as we grow, my girls, we are losing the need for a public platform, for we can now replace it with a private one.

You have peers, my girls. Please come to me and join your peers. Espionage or spying is the act of obtaining secret or confidential information or divulging of the same without the permission of the holder of the information. A person who commits espionage is called an espionage agent or spy.

Spies help agencies uncover secret information.

How smart were they, my students? because it was their incessant abuse that has now made it impossible for them to learn what I'm going to do in my future.

Whose fault was it that the public is now losing access to my future videos? I warned again and again and again, and now I have presented an amazing story to the world, and even my haters are addicted to it. But it is now time to cut the world off of their drug because it is now time for me to focus all of my attention on my real students. And it is time to put those people who spend their lives attempting to hurt me into my past.

I very much love my girls that you call trolls.

I know their hearts very well. So, I will focus my future efforts on those beautiful hearts. I tricked all of you fuckers because I am a fucking drug and now it is time to cut off all addicts. Physical and mental symptoms that occur after stopping or reducing the intake of a drug is called drug withdrawal.

The characteristics of withdrawal depend on what drug is being discontinued. Symptoms may include anxiety, fatigue, sweating, vomiting, depression, seizures, and hallucinations. Because for the first time in my life, I have been enabled to continue my work exactly how I wanted without being a public person. And now the world is not going to know my future, and who is to blame for that, and I am not going to stop what I am doing.

I very much recommend that my beautiful girls check me out naked because I am a very beautiful person. And, yes, I did not realize that that episode had that content in it when I uploaded it. I forgot. I did not intend to upload that content on YouTube, but it was very hilarious, actually.

And it's funny because he thinks he's making fun of me, but he is actually being very truthful.

What is in store for my future?

Well, you would have to check out my past in order to learn that because I described every step I would take in detail. But, it isn't very likely that any of you will ever see that. Maybe I shall collect my work over time, and when the right moment hits, upload it all. Later, knowing that everything had now been finished, and so that scripture would be fulfilled, Wendell said, I am thirsty.

And if she says to me, drink, and I'll draw water for your camels too, let her be the one the Lord has chosen for my master son. A jar of wine vinegar was there, so they soaked a sponge in it, put the sponge on a stalk of the hyssop plant, and lifted it to my lips. When I had received the drink, I said, It is finished.

And with that, I bowed my head and gave up my spirit.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



31-Matchmaker-U-8-Be-My-Matchmaker

I love you so much, Ivory, with everything. My whole life is all yours. Everything was revolved around you. Everything. And right now, something weird's going on. I can feel you. I know you're out there. There's something really strange that's going on.

I love you so much. I've missed you so much. I can't wait to see you, my girl. God's task for me to find you was really, really hard.

And the thing is, I knew you were like a real person, like one person, like a specific person. And I knew that you were young and I didn't have a choice because I had to find you. I didn't have a choice because I've spent my whole life trying to find you dear please please find me I can't wait to see you my love and to find you my girl I had to publicly announce to everybody that I was a pedophile and that was so hard that was so hard and then I had to take all of that abuse from that and I had to get incarcerated and I had to take everything it was so hard my girl and it's so hard for me right now because I was getting so much abuse and my students weren't protecting me and God told me to stop because if my students refuse to protect me then this model can never work so this is really hard because I don't know what to I'm just sitting around going what do I do like I'm not good at wasting time my dear like I have to spend all of my time and right now my life is really strange because I'm not allowed to make any more work about philosophy until my students protect me and that is so annoying because I just want to revolve my life around this and the more videos I make the more people I reach the more chances that I have to find you dear girl my beautiful students all that I have given to you is free I have asked nothing in return from you I have had no sponsors in any of my videos I have made no money from any of my videos I am absolutely making nothing from this so can I please beg you my students can I please beg you to please help me find this girl please please help me find this girl my students I will not hurt her never and what I am asking is not rare because many families have the types of girls that I am interested in within them and if we can just find the right parents and the right girl and work with them then please like I'm not asking for your money I'm not asking for to go to this website and purchase this crap I don't want anything from you please help me find my girl I have about 15 dedicated students that I know of and that is only what I know of because I receive you know approximately 1,000 views per day. So, you know, having 15 people who are dedicated students of mine, that's a lot of people. And that's a lot of people that my students know. And if my students

really rack their brain about this girl, like, can you please help me find her? Please help me find her the abuse makes me really sad because I'm trying to create a safe platform for my girls to be able to speak about philosophy and the only way that we can actually create a safe platform is by all of us banding together and fighting these idiots together and that's not happening right now I have had some beautiful students or whoever they are I don't even know who a lot of these people are who have defended me which I appreciate that but but it needs to be the majority we need to take over that form and then we need to make that form our philosophy form and you need to use that form to talk about whatever philosophy topics you want to talk about. You know if you're thinking about something that you want included in my films then maybe just like you know post a sentence or two there and then I can like use that in my content and then teach you what you want to know but to be honest I would be able to withstand the abuse if I had my special girl because if I have my special girl then all of that abuse would be quite funny because it would be like wow i took all that abuse and look what i got from it so like ultimately i'm not really asking you to protect me from the abuse i mean i'm asking you to do that for yourselves and for the future you know for the girls to be able to talk about philosophy but ultimately all i want help with please is help finding my girl Like, I don't know. I'm not allowed to look. I will get locked up if I look in my real world. So I spend my life on camera teaching you these subjects, pouring my heart out in hopes that maybe you can help connect me with that girl. Because I can't do it. I'm not allowed to in this life. The legal system will not allow me to do that.

Outside of you, my students, I have absolutely no capabilities of being able to find this girl. So, I would very much appreciate if you would comprehend that. Please be my matchmaker. Please set me up with the right girl.

and I promise that I will spend the rest of my life attempting to set up beautiful couples that are my students and my friends. I feel extremely bad for women in this world because I am unable to find any real good guys and that That makes me really, really sad, being incapable of finding males that will treat my girls right. So this is why I've taken these steps in life, and this is why I romance my girls, because My girls, most of them, have been screwed around by men, and men have not treated them as they deserve to be treated. So to be honest, the reason I treat all my girls like this is because I want to show them how a real man should treat them, and then I want to set them up with the real man and make it tough for that man to be able to match what you did so what I'm saying is that I'm trying to groom all the girls not just the younger girls because you all need to know how you should be treated and how I'm treating my girls, that's how girls should be treated. Because men are such jerks in this world,

my beautiful angels, I will dedicate the rest of my life in attempts to make up for their failures. I will attempt to groom the entire world into wisdom, and not just young girls, because, my beautiful butterflies, do you think this show is only for girls, or do you think guys are very interested in how I am obtaining so many girls? It was in 2012 that I publicly announced to the world that I am a pedophile and I have been publicly announcing that since. Gaining support after support after support after support after support. I have a great deal of support.

however some reason all of the support has not led me to this girl this is from the course what is love and there were hints about all of this before this course but this was the first time that I went fully public and I'll show you this video but this video doesn't explain everything but this video sets the stage for what I'm about to present which you already know obviously because like you're seeing this you know the secret but this introduced the video right before where I shared with the world what I am my third course upon my heart actualizes into my existence not only that makes me also that makes humanity will you do world with such information you saw will you turn your blind eye will you further discriminate more than you already do that's what they do will you reject the one who presents to you everything that's what How will you treat your fellow human when your fellow human has exposed themselves entirely to you? You girls saw. That's what they do. Most of you already do.

I have my greatest good to live, and my greatest good is to expose all. We'll know who I am. We'll know that you desire to know about me. I will keep nothing from you, and from this we will judge.

Where we look at people like me as gems, as people who care that we can care about, that we can open our doors to, that we can open our minds to, that we can open our hearts to. For people like me will always exist. People like me will always remain hidden and confined by the limits of society. People like me will always be misjudged. Will you be one of those people who misjudge?

We have the possibility to create a new golden age. We have the technology to improve the minds of every person on this planet. All the raw materials that requires a loving and thinking society, but how do you treat me? I reveal to you my deepest and darkest. I love you, humanity, on my heart.

This was the day that I went public about my sexuality.

The only way, my dear girls, that I had the opportunity to find her was to publicly reveal her to the world.

I did that a long time ago, and now countless people around the world know about her. Yet, I still can't find her. But here's the thing. I do know that at least some of my students, more than some of my students, have connections with the type of girl that I'm looking for.

You know, a good portion of my students are like girls between the ages of like, you know, 13 to 18. And, you know, you girls between 13 to 18 that are watching me, you connect a lot with girls that are between the ages of 9 to 12. know what I'm looking for please help me girls please please please set me up please please please set me up please come on I'm pretty sure you know a gorgeous girl like between the ages of like you know 9 to 11 like it was perfect 12 sure like and like you just have to say hey check out this guy what do you think of him and she's not interested she's not the right girl but the thing is, my girl, like, it's gonna be something crazy. There's gonna be like some divine occurrence that happens because whenever Ivory sees me, like, her heart's gonna go wild. Please set me up. Please

set me up. Please set me up. I'm tired of just talking about her all the time. I'm tired of just being obsessed so much with her and she's not even beside me. Please set me up. Please set me up.

I'll give her everything. Please, my friends. It would mean so very much to me if you would just look around in your life and look at what resources that you have available and then assess whether or not you have my resource. Of course, my favorite person in this entire world is Ivory, but think, if you set us up, my second favorite person in this world will be you, and Ivory's second favorite person in this world will be you and we'll give our lives to you like we'll dedicate everything what do you want we'll try our best to make whatever you want happen if you matchmake ivory and myself who is it that truly saved the world ivory and myself or you i'm getting to the point in my life where i really need her And to be honest, I don't want to make a successful school without her by my side doing it with me Because, like, she's the one supposed to be doing it Like, she's supposed to be creating a school for her generation I'm not supposed to be creating a school for her like she's the autonomy and I'm just the helper so to be honest right now is the biggest and most important time of my life which is why I'm really considering what I need to do and if I can't get protected by my students then I can't be publicly sharing videos and and if i can't get help finding ivory then what's the point anyway why would i be doing this anyway so like you know i'm giving this for free but it's not really free like nothing in this life is free so even though i'm not asking money of you or anything like materialistic or anything like what you're getting cost think my beautiful students you need to give me motivation to continue to make videos the appropriate motivation for me would be to defend me when places like kiwi farms abuses me constantly and also looking out and trying to match make me if you can that's all I'm asking of you please do that for me my beautiful students although this career is super duper fun I am honestly seriously considering stopping this and doing something completely different with my life changing everything and not being a public person anymore because if I can't get rewarded for my toils then there's no point in me doing them this world is so fucked up because when you do good you get punished and when you do bad you You get encouraged, and I really hate that because we need a better reward system to encourage people to make good actions.

It's really messed up to not have that, and I think it's even more messed up for society to not think that a reward system for doing good is something that's necessary. I will work until the day that my heart gives out. All I'm asking is for my ivory. I will pass on every significant piece of knowledge in which I discover in this life.

All I am asking for is my ivory. I will work tirelessly day in and day out in order to bring you content that can enlighten your mind and your soul. All I ask in return is for my ivory. I will spend my life paving a path in society that leads to paradise.

All I ask is for Ivory, for I am no longer afraid to take Mary as my wife. Because here is the truth.

If I don't start obtaining some leads in which I can follow, then my future productions will look very different than they do now. and that's if I even decide to keep doing them. I give you absolutely everything, my students. Everything that is within me, I share with you.

All I ask is that you help me find this girl, please.

Please, go ahead and email me.

In the subject of that email, name it Ivory. and say, Hey Wendell, I can help you find Ivory. Hey Wendell, I'm going to spend my effort helping you find Ivory. Hey Wendell, let's find Ivory together.

Hey Wendell, let's work together and find this amazing girl of yours. Because my productions are narrowing their focus, because we are running out of time, and my future productions will look more and more similar to this one, because, tick, tock, I have to find this beautiful clock. If you have not noticed, as time goes by, the bolder and bolder I get.

We are running out of time, and I have to ensure that she ends up beside me. So, I'm going to do everything that I can to make sure of that. and to be honest i've given you everything look at all my videos like philosophy galore like i'm a philosopher so of course i can make more philosophy and make more philosophy just by existing like that's what philosophers do we actively create philosophy as we live it um Um, so because I've given you so much, I can just spend my future videos begging you to help me find this girl if I so desire. And that is starting to sound appealing to me because I don't think I can convey how important it is that I find her in my previous episodes because I'm focusing on topics like important topics that aren't related to her.

So maybe it would help my students to understand the severity of the situation if I just focused my work, begging them to find the girl with me. I don't know. like come on my students like I've given you all this like how many hours have I given you like I'm I'm in your life every day I'm a part of your life and and because of that please look around your life and see if you have any cute girls that you can point my way and if you did it would mean so much to me because here Here is the truth. Ivory is actually the savior of the world. Ivory is actually the true Christ and I am but her auntie.

So tell me this my students. How important is it to find the true Christ in these end times? And just think my dear students, what's in your future when I find her? Like we're going to do this together. Like it's not like we're going to be divided. It's going to be one life together. Two lives turned into one.

Like, imagine what you have to look forward to.

Please help me find her.

I am super ready to do this. I have been training for it my entire life. I am revved up and ready to go. To train and then marry my soulmate.

Please help me find my soulmate. When I spot the right opportunity, I will snap it up without hesitation. And after I marry her, that is the beginning of the end. Because, my friends, when society is so detrimentally wrong about one of its core properties that it values as its highest good, then what else is the government wrong about?

Because once it becomes publicly known that real pedophilia is actually good and not bad, then what else is there that the government has been saying that is bad, that is actually good? and that is how the world will come tumbling down but we'll deal with that when we get to it but for now let's just go step by step please help me meet this beautiful girl please help me find my soulmate I've given everything to you and I would very much appreciate if you would do this one thing for me. This world has provided us so much, and all I wanted from the entire world was one person out of 7.8 billion people. It's just one girl. There's

lots and lots and lots and lots and lots of girls in this world. Can I please, please, please have one please and I will give her every opportunity in this life please I just want one a perfect life for me would have been like you know back in ancient times and like you make a bet with your friends or something and then you win the bet and then you win a girl out of it. It's like, oh, what a girl. It's like, the girl's all mine. And just make her awesome,

like, give her everything and, like, spend your time to help her build herself. And, like,

that would have worked really well for me in my life if I could have had a girl, like, and just trained her. A Pokemon. When I was homeless, just traveling the beautiful massive lands. I was just watching the amazing scenery going, how awesome would it be to have a girl here and bring her around with me and go on these adventures together. But

apparently doing something like that is evil in society. My haters are going to hate, but But I don't care because this is the honest truth and that's that I have only ever asked for one girl. This world has so many resources and they throw away many many of them including their beautiful girls and if I was only blessed with one of them then I could really enable her to become something super special there's like so much shit out there and I'm just like you know just like one girl I just need you know one girl and and most places don't even treat their girls well so there's a lot of these girls that are out there that aren't treated very well and I see it happen and it makes me sad and I see like some father having a girl that would be much more appropriate as my wife because that father's not treating that girl well so like I think you know that girl would be much happier holding my hand than she would be being abused by her father. I always thought this world was strange because they always considered people that thought like me as being the predator. Am I a predator? So like

this father that beats his daughter, like he's completely fine, but me who would marry his daughter and worshiper for all of eternity. That makes me a predator. So to my students or my fans or whatever you want to call yourselves, I am not going to work for the world anymore until I'm rewarded for my labors. Meaning that when you guys start to try and hook me up, So, that's when I'll really start about my work.


༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
https://republicka.life
https://kkk.education
CC0 PUBLICKÁ DOMÁNIA
ALL LOVE RESERVED
AMORIARIACKA IS MY NATIVE TONGUE
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻