༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
👤 Wendell Charles NeSmith 👤
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻

January 30, 2021


This is my life and I can live it however I choose. I refuse to end my life like my haters incessantly advise me. My life is God's and not my own. I will make videos in this life and I don't care about what any of you think about me or my videos.


------


33-Wendell-Charles-NeSmith-Episode-01-Life-Syncing

Play. I've been told all my life, including childhood, to kill myself, to end my own life, and not a single person has told me that life is worth living and I should live it. I can't end my own life. It matters not if I have anything else to live for, because God decides when I die and not me anyways I have so much fun fucking with you all so why would I want to die when I have fun doing this you abuse me for doing this but I have great amounts of fun messing with you so how does it make sense for you to tell me that I don't have anything to live for. I live for fucking with your minds and your hearts. Now to the unmarried

and the widows I say it is good for them to stay unmarried as I do. I don't even know how a marriage could work with me because I'm so used to being alone. I would not know how to act in the company of other people. I would not know how to do this with other people. I don't even

know how to jam with other people. I've never jammed with anybody else. I've only played music alone. So another person would be difficult for me and I would probably fall into the trap where I'm thinking about things in this life that don't matter. At least while I'm single, I'm focusing on everything that's most important

in my life. That's what's so powerful about being a single individual is because you can do everything your own way. I think it's impossible for me to stop doing this because I keep on trying yet i keep coming back to it this is my life this is what i do the audience that i am attempting to attract no one it doesn't matter this is for me not you crying on camera about the issues that are most important to you and then watching yourself go through those issues is incredibly powerful and it changes you as a person. I think I'll make the rest of my life just playing Nintendo and filming stuff that I want to keep and then publicly posting that. Being a public person in this life and not having any secrets

changes you as a person. And I am committing suicide. The turtle wins the race. I'm going to keep this content as made for kids though because I like that no one can comment on my videos because you people are really horrible. I tried for 11 years to find my soulmate and I

failed. Now I'm not worried about that. I'm just going to be me and post this for me because when you do that, it changes you as a person. And I very much care about myself. And that's why I

can't abuse this beautiful body. Posting a real video on my music channel? Are you sure that all of my work isn't musical in nature? I'm using my phone now because I sent my camera to Wendy Lady.

What's happening out there is really, really scary, and we need to prepare ourselves for the end.

Horrible people rule the internet and discourage people from being who they are. Kiwi farms reckon that I lose, but I win because what makes me happy is making videos. To myself, who cares? It matters not.

So what if this world forces me on medications that slow down my electrical activity in the brain?

Who cares if this world forces me on medications that make me feel terrible? Because at the end of the day, I'm still me, no matter what you do to me. My choices are either accept their treatment and be free or to be incarcerated and reject their treatment. At least when I'm free, I can do this and I can play Nintendo.

what reasons do I have for living I can play Nintendo and I can make videos that play with my heart the same way that I wanted a girl to who cares if most of my audience is composed of trolls and haters because there's one person in that audience who isn't and that's all I care about right therefore what you have seen what is now and what will take place later I'm writing but the one who endures to the end shall be saved. I don't say when my end is so I'm enduring and even though I keep begging you won't legalize it so I'm still here until you legalize it. I have no ability to hurt my physical body. My fingers are killed after making that album. It was so hard to do

that last song because I don't have any feeling in my fingers now. I was actually not very happy with that last song but it had to be what it was because the message of it was although positive it was kind of sad for me but even though I receive all these people telling me to kill myself I still live a wonderfully fun adventurous life now I'm no longer after a girl and my life is already in shambles there's only up to go from here from the moon with troll girls to Mars all by my lonesome. It's really fun making videos. It's really fun to have no secrets in this world, have everything out on the table. It really changes you as a person.

I can always go to the wilderness too if this life ever gets to be too much for me. Can you not see the life that I've made for myself? By standing up for who I am as a person, I now have no responsibilities. I have no requirements. I can do whatever it is that I want to do. I am a free person.

I've already done the worst of the worst, and that got me incarcerated for over a month.

Actually, in truth, over a year, if you add them all up.

And now I'm not looking for a girl. So, what does that mean for my future?

The camera really keeps your thoughts in line. It helps you identify where you were and what step you're going to take next. It's like a tracking app. It tracks your life and points you in the best direction for the future.

I said that I was done looking for girls. I never said that I was done making videos for myself. I would have been happy with a girl really of any age that shared the same philosophy as I do, but they all failed.

They are all promiscuous in this world. They are all adulterers. If you sleep with someone who isn't your soulmate, then God considers you married to that person. And if you then move on, then you are engaging in adultery.

I am proud of everything in my life, because even though I have had two other sexual partners, they both broke up with me, and I not them.

Which is good and not bad, because they broke up with me, that then liberates me from being married to them.

What is it that I have to live for? Games. Both on and off camera.

I am not going to fall into the same trap. Do you not know that your body is a temple of the Holy Spirit within you, whom you have from God? you are not your own for you were bought with a price so glorify god in your body it's our new home wendell did you think that i did not know what was going to happen in my last television show i'm not stupid i predict the future all of the time and every time i do that i'm right rufio said to me the world's getting better things are getting better it's not it's getting worse look at the world's obsession there are certain things that god won't let me post publicly but if i were you i would be very very careful about that vaccine for free speech has been rejected. I can only talk to you about this amount of topics because if I expand then my channel will be removed. I have stopped going to the Kiwi Farms thread that abuses me

constantly. So, who is it that won? You, who have no life, who stalk me and abuse me, or me, who has a great life making videos that make fun of you. So I lost the opportunity to find my soul mate but in the end found my soul i won i'm so beautiful i made this life for myself by refusing to stop pressing the record button i just pressed it over and over and over again and eventually it turned me into this and even though i lost all of my family and all of my friends from the ordeal that recently happened i did not lose the ability to fix some of those relationships and i am currently mending some of my real life friendships which is good so i'm not without friends and these are friends who know what i've done as well so how cool is that they're happy to stay my friend even though they know what I was after oh well that was the past this is the future the objective of my past work was to romance any individual into wisdom now it's just me that I have to worry about the work was meant to be archetypal meaning that girls would fall in love with wisdom through me. It wasn't trying to obtain a relationship with every girl

out there. All of this is really, really good news for me because it means my heart can rest. It means that I'm no longer looking for a relationship, which takes the burden off of my heart. I'm just making films for me so I can archive them, so I can document my emotional history. What happened to Wendy Smith? She just stopped replying to me, stopped emailing me.

I don't know why, but things were too perfect and it was either real or a genius troll who outsmarted me. If she was a troll, that says a lot about our world because that means that this person was intentionally attempting to destroy my life. But I don't have any evidence that says she's a troll so maybe she's not but it would be really weird if all of the things that she has told me are true because everything lined up like perfectly but that's irrelevant because she's no longer talking to me so it's time to make a new life without any romance in it or is there? I'm romancing myself. I have a huge crush on myself, eh? And I watch myself,

and oh, I'm so cute. These are stains from the grape juice that I threw all over a cop. How many people get to say that they threw grape juice all over a cop?

My life's awesome. Can you see all the grape juice stains? They just go down he's just staying from there and it's just dripping down stupid cops be strong and courageous do not fear or be in dread of them for it is the lord your god who goes with you he will not leave or forsake you what type of person does it take to tell you to kill yourself why would you listen to these people when the heart which controls them is really really dirty like for someone to do that for someone to attempt to get someone to kill themselves that's really really horrible and there's no reason to listen to these people the same applies if Wendy's a troll because if she's a troll that means that she intentionally destroyed my life and that takes a really really horrible person to do that I also think this world's pretty sick because when I tell people that there's been no one in my life who said Wendell life's worth living live life when I tell people that no one ever says Wendell life's worth living live life they just go, oh, oh, that's really horrible. That's really horrible. So we have a world full of

people telling other people to kill themselves, but we don't have anybody telling them that they should live. Disgusting world we live in. Yes, you're so beautiful. I want to listen to what you say. Keep on telling me what to do and I will do it. You want me to kill myself? Sure,

i'll kill myself no worries they are ugly physically mentally and emotionally don't listen to these people thank you sir for giving me a good reason to continue filming my new camera is my phone and i've known for a long time that this was going to eventually happen and I've been preparing for it, and this is a really good phone, so it records really good video.

When one lives in God truly, nothing can bring them down.

I am happy without a mate, very happy, because I can do whatever I want, and there's no one else to take care of or please. It's just looking after myself. I am a solo fake musician and a solo fake philosopher. Everything that I fake is accomplished by one person, and I wouldn't know how to handle another person doing this. It would be completely foreign to me.

And to be honest, you find God in your solitude, not with another person. Because with another person, you always have to make sure that they're entertained. And what I'm doing here is entertaining myself, not anyone else. Also, people tell me to kill myself because I fuck with society.

and i chose to fuck with society because they're all idiots so how would it make sense for me to care about what these people say when i chose to do that to begin with because it would mess with their minds these people aren't very smart hello i'm telling you something very controversial so that you'll hate me. When you hate me, do you think I care? It just proves all of my points correct anyway. I very much hate mainstream media and this is my attempt to unbrainwash myself from it so i'm trying to get mainstream media mostly out of my life and by making films and then releasing them publicly does that because it takes most of my time even most of our games are polytheistic rubbish for ye are gods god's god see the light maybe it's true that no one cares about my work but what do you think that it is that i am doing here why do people that hate my work constantly watch it does it make sense to watch something that you don't like so I'm going to waste my time by investing myself into this content that I don't like that's so weird my heart is healed I have shed so many tears on camera over all the problems that society faces these days, and I have not shed a tear in a long time, even though my circumstances have been really terrible. I am strong now. Wendy Fountain and even Wendy Smith cured me. I thank you,

Wendy Smith, whoever you are, for you allowed me to talk about a lot of subjects that no one would ever talk to me about. When I started my journey, I had a broken heart, and it took me 11 years to be able to heal it, and that is a lot thanks to whoever Wendy Smith is. I appreciate you, Wendy Smith. Thank you for taking your time to talk to me. My initial plan was to run off into

the wilderness to avoid their treatment but then I considered it deeply and that would end up with me being incarcerated and permanently incarcerated because when you refuse their treatment then they permanently incarcerate you. So I thought it better just to take their meds and that gives me some type of freedom. I always end up doing what everybody else hates me doing and this time it's living life. It's life baby. What will you make it? I have made my life into one big tv show.

And I don't care if people watch it or not. It's for me. That's all that matters. You can't lose when you do this.

People think you have the expectations of becoming famous, but that was never my goal here. And even my goal of finding my soulmate was kind of a farce too because it was just trying to convince every girl to value these aspects of life. There has never been a story crazier than the one that I have lived on camera. And there has never been a story more romantic than the one in which I have lived on camera.

Dying and being reborn again and again and again and again on camera does something to your heart, because after you die, you are reborn. For I will baptize you with fire. Do whatever you want, Wendell, and whenever you want to. Your heart leads your life, so don't let people get in the way I'm stopping looking for a girl because I'm getting too old for this and all of the females around my age would be adulterers so it's time that I stop doing that but I will be selfish now since the world has rejected me my work is for myself your cutie window when we walk with the lord and the light is where he sheds our you window



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



33-Wendell-Charles-NeSmith-Episode-02-Life-After-Death

I purchased a new camera because my phone wasn't doing what I wanted it to do.

It kept having sync issues when I used Lewa to convert my video. So now I'm trying to use Sony Vegas, and we'll see how that goes. Sony has always been the best for me in the past. I love how the image seems to be far away instead of really close up like other cameras do.

And I love overall how the Sony functions, so hopefully this will give a new and nice look and feel to my productions. I don't like how Sony Vegas auto-detected that it's upright and then loses a lot of the screen. I like being twisted. I like being on my side.

Something else about the Sony is that I can close the camera and it will finish the shot. The Panasonic that I had didn't do that, which is why I didn't very often close the camera like that.

Just a secret into the noise you hear at the beginning and the end of this first song is from the lens of the camera opening and closing.

And there's another noise in there of neighbors screaming. Sony Vegas fixed the problem But the thing is is that I want to use Lewo I just want to merge all my videos I don't want to have to use Sony Vegas Because it's a lot slower Anyways, Sony Vegas rendering the video Fixed the syncing issue This is my new camera I see you So much audacity, taking heaven out to play with me, challenges ahead, no one said this life was easy, but with you my god I can face them, so much technocracy. I, however, combat them Putting so much power in one person's hands is dangerous Like the president, or Elon Musk, or Bill Gates, or Mark Zuckerberg For the love of money is the root of all evil which, while some coveted after, they have erred from the faith and pierced themselves through with many sorrows.

How do I make a living?

I live my camera beside me, my best friend.

How can I be manic when this is what I do with my whole life? My whole life is dedicated to making videos, so I just sit around and smoke and think of what videos to make next. Think of what content can go in those videos. Think about what I most want to record in history.

Saint Nietzsche used a similar technique, but it involved pen and paper because he did not have a camera. He would go for long walks in the wilderness and just think about what he wanted to document. And when he documented it, he did it with pen and paper. Some of his books read like that.

would just be like a thought in point form and then another thought in point form and then another one and another one. However, I try to stay on the same similar subject. One video is a subject that I would like to discuss with myself and I allow myself to go out of bounds if the video calls for it. Although I am poor I have everything that I need in this world so I live very happily the need pile is on the right and the it doesn't matter pile on the left this one room holds everything I could ever want in this world this left stack is actually stuff that mostly I want to get rid of so I can be portable but now maybe I shouldn't be portable because I'm not looking for my soulmate anymore so that means that I won't have to travel to where she is because there will be no she this is the last email that she sent me focus come on I really fell for her because she was so kind and compassionate and she helped with everything that I was doing so that would be a weird troll who helps you with everything that you're doing and encourages you too she encouraged me a lot in this life if it were not for her I would still be sobbing she fixed my heart, whoever she was. I told my father about her and he rejected me. My life is

me, God, the camera, cigarettes, and sometimes games. I'll be honest though, most of my life is spent just contemplating life and thinking about what's happened in the past and what will happen as a result in the future those who believe in mainstream are my enemies if someone wants to follow me they should do so on my website and not through YouTube because YouTube censors. It very much does upset me because you censor moral behavior. I got in a lot of trouble for corrupting the youth, which was the charge laid against Socrates. We never learn.

My three favorite philosophers in order by history is Socrates, Jesus, and Nietzsche. Runner-up is Kierkegaard. I guess Plato would be a runner-up as well. His work on the symposium really moved my heart. It took my entire life, but I have finally reached it.

Hakuna Matata, what a wonderful phrase. Hakuna Matata, ain't no passing craze. It means no No worries for the rest of your days, it's our problem-free philosophy, hakuna matata. I had a lot of fun writing that Windy Fountain album.

There's a lot of good songs on it. Now I don't need to use mainstream media. I have no family to go back to now because of Wendy Smith, so I just need to learn how to be content here in Canberra, even though they are forcing medications on me, through the needle too, and they know that injections are against my religion and they do not care. here is the injection in which they force upon me and they know that I don't stay for that two hours they know that I just walk out and they don't care the problem is there is the exact same medication that is oral but they refuse to allow me to take the oral medicine and instead force the injection on me It gets into my muscles, and my whole body is sore for like one to two weeks after they force it upon me.

And it's so degrading because they administer it into your ass cheek. So you have to pull down your pants, and then they stick it in.

Completely wrong. The government ass-fucks me, quite literally.

Australia is not a free country, for they do not allow freedom of speech.

I just got a new email.

I worked very hard for the right to be able to talk to this girl, because when they incarcerated me, I refused to stop talking to her even though that's what they wanted me to do. So I am going to continue talking with her and pray to God that she's not a troll because that was the deal that after she's gone, then I stopped trying to find a romantic partner. but she's still here. Her parents saw her watching videos of me singing to her and they didn't like that so they took the laptop away from her and attempted to destroy it but apparently she saved it by throwing her body over it. After

they calmed down, then they took her laptop off of her and didn't give it back for over a week, which is why she hasn't been replying to me. It matters not if she's a troll anymore because I have come to grips with being alone for the rest of my life, and this girl is really fun to talk to, so I'm just gonna follow my heart like I always do. Whoever you are, my dear Wendy, you are someone who is special. Needles are against my religion because injecting a foreign substance into my bloodstream or muscle tissue is unnatural.

My body is God's temple and does not belong to the state no matter what order is placed upon me. My body is not comfortable injecting a drug into my system in this way. The state has no right to enforce a needle upon me when the occupant of that body has responsibilities that conflict with that method of administering substances. Needles have only been used on a mass scale since 1955. This is still

relatively new to the scope of our human history, and I choose not to participate.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



33-Wendell-Charles-NeSmith-Episode-03-Son-of-a-Preacher

Hakuna Matata. What a wonderful phrase. Hakuna Matata. Ain't no passing craze. It means no worries for the rest of your days.

Do not worry about your life, what you will eat or drink, or about your body, what you will wear. Is not life more than food, and the body more than clothes? Look at the birds of the air. They do not sow or reap or store away in barns, and yet your heavenly Father feeds them. Are you not much more valuable than they? Can any one of you, by worrying, add a single day to your life?

It's time to be young again. What's my reason for living? Well, I got good friends who accept me for who I am. I have Wendy Troll to speak with.

I have lots of games I can play, both console and with the world. I still look very young. I have a huge life ahead of me. why would I think of killing myself seriously it's so annoying people just are like kill yourself you don't have anything to live for kill yourself and it's like you don't know my life like seriously like I have lots and lots to live for this girl is so cool I really like her an entire ocean lies between us Yet, I can still talk to her instantly, and through video.

My life is perfect.

There is nothing in it that I would change, because I made all the right moves, and the people who don't want to be in my life are not good people anyway.

God wants us to have a content heart. He wants us to be okay with any situation in which we get thrown into, and he wants us to be prepared to be thrown into any situation so that we can learn. That's how God educates us. I was trying to log in to one of my email addresses before I got abducted, and for some reason it wouldn't log in. I was actually putting the wrong email address in, but I didn't realize it at the time.

And it said, who was your first teacher?

And I thought, well, this is weird. I don't even remember setting up this question. But who was my first teacher? God.

I put God, and it's like, that's not right. I'm like, God's my first teacher.

God's my main teacher in life. God teaches me through everybody else. like it's God teaching me even if it's people they're yapping their mouth it's God teaching me even if you learn information from me it's not me teaching it to you it's you being in the position mentally emotionally to be able to comprehend the topics in which I cover and God prepared you for that so So, it's not really me teaching, it's God teaching you through me.

Wendy Lady is a great teacher.

Sometimes she does come on pretty strong, though.

I can't do that until your parents give me permission.

But the fairies are there to stop her.

Until then, this is the only kiss that I can give you, my dear. I love grape juice. and now even more because it tells a story of me throwing grape juice all over a cop.

You see a cop? You see a cop? Throw some grape juice on him. Throw some grape juice on him.

Grape juice is the solution to all problems. We do our communion with grape juice and we throw grape juice all over cops. Grape juice is part of your balanced diet and it's very useful to throw all over cops. After I threw it all over him, I said, the blood's on your hands, the blood's on your hands, the blood's on your hands.

And then they all tackled me.

They then forcefully injected me with who knows what. And lights out like that. In this episode, I wanted to cover my childhood a little bit. And that was really when my parents divorced, which happened when I was between 11 years old and 12 years old.

And they both went really crazy and they fought over me. And my mother would regularly beat me in the face with telephones and stuff like that. and it was very difficult for me so I rebelled. Basically anything they wanted out of me I would do the opposite. I just couldn't take their hypocrisy and had to

learn life for myself. I even got a mohawk that they hated and dyed it weird colors. My parents have really never liked me. They always just have put up with me because I'm biologically theirs, but I'm really God's. While Jesus was

still talking to the crowd, his mother and brothers stood outside wanting to speak to him. Someone told him, Your mother and brothers are standing outside wanting to speak to you. He replied to him, Who is my mother, and who are my brothers? Pointing to his disciples, He said, Here are my mother and brothers, for whoever does the will of my Father in heaven is my brother and sister and mother.

Do not call anyone on earth Father, for you have one Father, and he is in heaven. Now that we have cleared that up, does this verse make more sense? Honor your father and your mother, that your days may be long in the land that the Lord your God is giving you.

What about this one? Children, obey your parents in everything, for this pleases the Lord. Who are your parents? When I was 12 years old, I was getting constantly beat up by my parents for smoking cigarettes.

My mother did not care how old I was, so she physically abused me. But by about that time, my father stopped physically abusing me and started mentally abusing me. If I did something that he did not like, he would stop talking to me for like a week or two.

My parents fought over me quite a bit over this time period. I would spend a while with one parent and then a while with another parent. And one time, my mother even sent the cops after me to get me from my father's place. Whenever I would go to my father's place, he would chat online to his internet girlfriend, girlfriends, while I played Nintendo games.

So, he used Nintendo to get me over there.

Is that spending quality time with your child? I ran away from home when I was 15 because my father would not let me spend quality time with my girlfriend, who turned into my wife. My father has lived the most hypocritical life that I can think of because at one stage he was a preacher, and since he has gone against everything that he used to preach.

It's kind of funny, though, because in the psych hospital when I was recently abducted, one of the people there used to call me Preacher. Another person there called me Jesus and Jeebus. The only one who could ever reach me was the son of a preacher man. The only boy who could ever teach me was the son of a preacher man.

I have spent the last 11 years preaching publicly, yet I'm still only the son of a preacher. just like I'm not a real musician, or a real philosopher, or a real teacher.

I don't care about these fake titles that you give people. I do what I do, and whatever it is that I do, I do. we need to be content and happy in our own body before we are ever ready for a romantic relationship we need to be complete all by ourselves and when two complete people merge into each other then you have an army there are many scenes that I take that I'm unsure of what I'm going to say but I know that the Holy Spirit will guide my tongue, so I just allow God to speak through me. It works like a charm. You want one reason why I don't kill myself? Because God hasn't taken me yet,

and it's not like I'm depressed in this life anyway, for this life is really fun, and fucking with you evil people who tell me to kill myself constantly is a big pleasure of mine. You just want me to think that I have a bad life. You keep telling me, hey, you have a terrible life, you should commit suicide. But I actually have a very wonderful life, better than anyone else, for I am the richest. My haters are just uncomfortable with my words, so they tell me

to kill myself, which makes no sense. But does anything that they say make any sense?

You belong to your father, the devil, and you want to carry out your father's desires. He was a murderer from the beginning, not holding to the truth, for there is no truth in him. When he lies, he speaks his native language, for he is a liar and the father of lies.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



33-Wendell-Charles-NeSmith-Episode-04-Xs-and-Os

Hakuna matata, what a wonderful phrase. Hakuna matata, ain't no passing craze. It means no worries for the rest of your days. It's our problem-free philosophy. Hakuna matata.

So, after I ran away from home, I spent most of my time with my ex-wife, and I was a stupid teenager who fell in love with the first person who wanted me, and she became a Christian because of me, because I wouldn't be with her otherwise. and that started a life of hell really because she wasn't the right person and she was really immature and very dirty. She said things like, I just farted for five meters. I just farted for seven meters like all the time and she was abusive towards me she would like kick me in my testicles and watch me fall on the ground in pain and just laugh at me she was a piece of work her name is Jenna and people used to call us Weston Jen and on the inside of our rings we had inscribed forever through God's grace. We were together for ten years. We were married for seven. Throughout

that time I wanted to be a philosopher and she wanted nothing to do with that. She spent most of her time in front of a computer and did not want to spend quality time together. She was not a romantic person at all.

I was emancipated at the age of 15 because my father is mentally abusive

and he would not let me spend time with this girl, so I ran away from home. and eventually the government emancipated me.

I became a permanent resident quite quickly,

so after the emancipation, I was able to collect Centrelink, which was enough money for me to live frugally. My ex-wife kept on wanting me to get a job, So I kept on having to get a job when I wanted to focus my life on philosophy.

And nine to five jobs were always really hard on me because my sleep cycles weren't normal.

For a few years, I drank too much alcohol to cope with our bad relationship, which wasn't good for me or her. I was with a job most of the time that I was with her, and throughout those years employed was the most unproductive period of my life.

We got little chihuahuas to fill the void of our broken relationship, but that was more the beginning of the end. Wives, submit to your own husbands as to the Lord, for the husband is the head of the wife, even as Christ is the head of the church, his body and himself its Savior. Now, as the church submits to Christ, so also, wives should submit in everything to their husbands. Jenna was the head of our household. Everything that she wanted, she got. Everything that I wanted, I didn't get.

She controlled what we did in life. She told me regularly that she did not respect me.

This new camera is really cool. I know the quality is a little bit worse, but that is because I said it that way. Because now I'm dealing with much smaller file sizes, so it's a lot easier for me to sustain.

Everything wasn't bad between my ex-wife and I. She had cool talents like photography, and even though she wasn't really a teacher, I still learned a lot off of her.

She is now a hotshot web and graphic designer.

I will admit that Jenna did put up with a lot during our marriage from me, because I was really emotional all throughout it. I started karate when I was a young child and continued and ended in ninjutsu. I am a very experienced martial artist.

I am a master at knife throwing.

I am a great swimmer.

I have done lots of do-it-yourself around the house and I've fixed cars. I actually did like six months of an apprenticeship as a mechanic, but it was really hard on me, and I had to quit that because I kept on being made fun of for being American.

I don't regret my relationship with Jenna. I needed that to show me what a true relationship would look like. Jenna and Adith were my training wheels for you. Adith was a crazy one that was in Mexico and I had been single for a long time looking for my soulmate.

and Adith shows up and she's a bit hard to handle but I was pointing her to the important things in life but she ended up leaving me because I refused to change she wanted me to be a different person and I said to her love me for who am or leave me and she chose to leave me we shouldn't be trying to change our partners if our partners aren't headed in the same direction that we are in then they are not the right person I never have to change anything about Wendy because she always heads in the right direction she sometimes comes on way too strong to me and I have to stop her. But I also tell her that she can do whatever she wants in this life. But the same also applies to me. So that means that I don't have to respond in the way that she wants me to. I will give her that if or when her

parents approve. She made a good point the other day that 16 is the age of consent. And we both agree that God sees sex as marriage. So even though you can't get legally married until you turn 16, you can get married by God when you turn 16. How weird is it to allow

sex but not to allow a marriage. 16 upon parents approval. This happens a lot. You know exactly what I'm talking about Wendy. I will give you all the love that you need when your parents

approve. My ex-wife just up and left one day and cut all contact with me. It was really really weird. And I would do things like try to go to her mother's where she was living and bring flowers and try to win her heart back and stuff like that. But she would do

things like get in her mom's car while I'm waiting at the fence, like sneak into her mom's car and then duck down and then have her mother like act like she's leaving the property and then like sneak out like it really made no sense because I just wanted to be able to talk to her about the decisions in which she made and she refused me the ability to do that. She broke up with me over email. A year passes and I received this letter from her that only has the divorce papers in it. You have to wait a year before you divorce in Australia. Shortly after she

got engaged to this guy and then remarried. The last time I checked out her profile. She was still married with two kids. Of course I've never had kids.

I've never found the right woman who was worthy of having my children. I will wait for eternity for this girl.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



33-Wendell-Charles-NeSmith-Episode-05-Serenity

Next, it's my time in a psychiatric ward. So the first time I got institutionalized was in Ballarat when I was homeless and nobody would help me. I was still preaching at this time, but I wasn't preaching through video. I was preaching one-on-one soapbox preaching.

I don't really remember how all of the events unfolded, but basically, I was identified by the system for being homeless, and then they investigated into me, and then they abducted me, like they always do. This has happened six times. The other five were for reasons that are related to free speech and Australia not having it.

It's always the same. They abduct you, don't listen to you, force medications upon you, and won't let you leave until you're compliant with those medications. They really don't care about anything except you taking those medications. They don't even talk to you about your problems.

They ignore the words you say and judge you based off what you do when you're in their controlled environment. It's really bad because when you control an environment, you control how that person lives. And that's not an accurate assessment upon that person. An accurate assessment upon that person would be to watch what they do when they're free, not to watch what they do when they're incarcerated in a controlled environment.

They first traumatize you and then force you into conformity and then send you back into the public.

They have to break you before they can treat you. They don't allow cigarettes, which is a violation of our human rights. They don't care that they are taking us away from our very important work. If your reason for being there is internet related, which has been the case in most of my incarcerations, then they won't let you use the internet.

They allow you to call any local number in which you wish, as long as you have memorized the number in which you wish to call. I don't even memorize my own number, so how do they expect me to memorize other people's numbers? My tattoos were not just reminders for me, but reminders for the camera. I tattooed everything that was important to my heart on my body. I used them to learn.

Desensitization is a treatment or process that diminishes emotional responsiveness to a negative, adverse, or positive stimulus after repeated exposure to it. What is it that I am truly doing here?

Brainwashing is the concept that the human mind can be altered or controlled by certain psychological techniques.

It is the business of the very few to be independent. It is a privilege of the strong. We don't even know the meanings behind our own media.

Ye lonesome ones of today, ye seceding ones, ye shall one day be a people. Out of you who have chosen yourselves shall a chosen people arise, and out of it, the Superman. the super woman. My time in the mental health system was not fair. That year could have been

spent by making videos and writing books, yet they did not care. The longest I have ever been in one of those places was, I think, three months. They refused to listen to logic and and pour out dogma. Hakuna Matata, what a wonderful phrase.

Hakuna Matata, ain't no passing craze, it means no worries for the rest of your days. It's our problem free philosophy, Hakuna Matata. Tranquility is the quality or state of being calm, serene, and worry-free. He will wipe every tear from our eyes.

There will be no more death or mourning or crying or pain. For the old order of things has passed away. I used to be very skeptical of that verse because our tears help purify our souls.

But recently, tranquility has landed in my lap.

When I was recently incarcerated, I only cried one time, and that was towards the end of reading Mark. And I did not sob, I just cried, because the story of Jesus is very sad.

Your tears are much better spent on the hardships of other people, and not your own situations.

Eating popcorn while watching this world burn is one of my favorite activities. making videos for people for free really changes you as a person living a public life really changes you as a person the odd thing is I was never after tranquility I was happy with my passion but it just happened these stoics of our ancient world who followed Pythagoras spent their lives attempting to obtain tranquility. I discovered tranquility by accident and it was only possible because I have been abused by people my entire life. Sometimes we stumble upon treasures that we were never looking for to begin with. YouTube

removed my channel without giving me three strikes they just decided hey we don't want this guy on a platform so we'll remove his channel but here is the problem YouTube is Google and Google discriminates in their search results and only shows YouTube videos. It does not index videos from websites that promote free speech. So that means if I can't get my videos on YouTube they won't be searchable. The government has proven that it does not support free speech because every time I utilize my freedom of speech they lock me up and and YouTube deleted my channel while I was incarcerated.

Fortunately, I had already created the Wesley Phoenix Google account, so it was very easy for me to get back on YouTube, but all of those past videos that I uploaded, I cannot upload or the same thing is going to happen. I have to tiptoe around important subjects because YouTube won't let me tackle them head-on.

My doctors were incredibly stupid and never asked the right questions. However, the forensics team did ask the right questions. and after I explained to them my life they were okay with what I was doing if the forensics team is okay with what I am doing then that means it doesn't get any worse than this they have done their worst to me and I am now scot-free besides the fact that they forced medications upon me are you sure that But what I am doing is ranting? The people of this world do not know the definitions of the words in which they utilize, nor do they care.

The people of this world only care about the appearance of things. They don't care about the things within themselves. They don't care about what it is that I am ranting about. just want to make fun of me for ranting. Here is the grandfather of rants. I love you. Here

is another philosopher who loved to rant. Ranting is considered a negative quality in this world and people don't like it. And if you do it online, they will make fun of you for it. If I was to rant, how does me ranting work against any of the arguments in which I am making in that rant? Stupidity is behavior that shows a lack of good sense or judgment. A stoic is a person

who can endure pain or hardship without showing their feelings or complaining. I complain because if you don't complain then nothing will ever be fixed but I don't have any feelings to show anymore. A flat line is an electrical time sequence measurement that shows no activity and therefore when represented shows a flat line instead of a moving one the definition of serenity is a state of being calm peaceful and untroubled do not be anxious about anything but in In every situation, by prayer and petition, with thanksgiving, present your request to God. Peace is what I leave with you.

It is not my own peace that I give you. I do not give it as the world does. Do not be worried and upset. Do not be afraid.

When anxiety was great within me, your consolation brought me joy.

Cast all your anxiety on him, because he cares for you. Come to me, all of you who are weary and carry heavy burdens, and I will give you rest.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



33-Wendell-Charles-NeSmith-Episode-06-Enlightenment

Let's try again without making a mistake this time. Peace is what I leave with you. It is my own peace that I give you. I do not give it as the world does.

Do not be worried and upset. Do not be afraid.

Hakuna, Matata, Hakuna, Matata. It means no worries for the rest of your days It's our problem-free philosophy Hakuna Matata I am going to marry this girl She's amazing The first person to tell me this in life Wendell, you have so much to live for life is always worth living. This girl is the sweetest, kindest, and most compassionate person that I have ever met in my life. How can you fake that? She

has never contradicted herself and she has never acted outside of her personality. She gives me most of her time and we spend that time talking about all of the subjects that are closest to our hearts. She doesn't have a camera yet, but I do have a photograph of her. She's in England, so we usually talk all night, and she goes to bed when it's my morning. I trust you, Wendy. Nothing

makes sense except that you are who you say you are with my heart because Wendy Smith will you please throw grape juice on cops with me for all of eternity destiny sometimes referred to as fate is a predetermined course of events it may be conceived as a predetermined future whether in general or of an individual. It is the events that will necessarily happen to a particular person or thing in the future. I love you, my little Ebber. 44 days after she contacted me, we got engaged. She's the first to stand up and

and say, hey, I'm Ivory. And from the very beginning, that's exactly what I said she would do. And she has always been my main character. Trust and obey, for there's no other way To be happy and windy But to trust and obey Throughout all of my work I have been following destiny and been very open about that and why would this situation be any different?

Why would I be surprised that there's a girl who lines up with me perfectly because i have been saying that's what's going to happen since the very beginning

they don't believe in destiny in this world and they fight against those who do

you believe in soulmates yeah we don't care as long as they fit within this category in which we set them to all is fair in love and war unless we say that you can't do it and then you can't do it really there is always some madness in love but there is also always some reason in madness people understand me so poorly that they don't even understand my complaint about them not understanding me love is a serious mental illness if she was a honeypot then I would be in jail right now society can't stop true love no matter how hard it tries to society will just say things like oh you're crazy Wendell and she's just a troll when that's not the truth It makes them more comfortable to think her as a troll. Who is the real troll? Us, Wendy. We're the ones trolling them. They just think they're trolling us.

Are not all real philosophers kind of like trolls? How boring would life be if we all thought the same? I'm society, and I'm always right, and we're going to make wisdom illegal, because wisdom's bad, really bad.

How many people do you know in life who have dedicated their entire life to wisdom?

Are you sure that it's a good idea to remove wisdom from society? Are you sure that that's what's going to work out for the best? Our schools don't even have wisdom in their vocabulary. What is it that we teach at these places?

I dream of a world where wisdom is taught as part of the curriculum. Is wisdom telling people to kill themselves? They are products of the system, and the system wants us to tell each other to kill ourselves. I dream of a world where people are actually nice to each other, but our education system teaches the opposite.

Bullies rule the schoolyard, and the kind and compassionate have no friends. This same process then carries over into adulthood, and we punish people for taking moral actions. I recently got my Working with Vulnerable People card taken away from me, which means that all of my studies in life, all of my qualifications, my entire life is now rendered useless, meaning I'm not allowed to get a job in any of the fields in which I'm qualified to perform. How fair is that? They took away my potential livelihood.

So you spend your whole life studying so that you can be prepared for particular positions that you want to be in society. And then you do something that's morally right and the government says it's morally wrong. and then they stop you from being capable of doing your profession. So what is my profession now?

I just make videos. I guess I don't have a profession because that would entail obtaining money from it and no one gives me any money for making videos. It just seems really strange to me that they can go yeah you worked your entire life to get to this point but now we're going to tell you that you can't be what you worked so hard to obtain. How does the government get off telling people that they did wrong when they prove beyond a shadow of a doubt with logic that they did right, but the government just goes, not, you did wrong, but they won't argue.

They have no ability to argue about the topics. They just said, not, you did wrong. Dogma is a principle or set of principles laid down by an authority as incontrovertibly true.

In its broad sense, it is any belief held unquestioningly and with undefended certainty. The same occurred with YouTube. Oh, your content's bad, so we're going to delete you now. No reasons, just what they say is true, and there's no questioning it.

If you question our words, we will lock you up in a psychiatric ward.

It's like the teaching method in our schools. They go, here's the knowledge, this is what's correct, you need to learn this, it's correct, trust me, the book says so. It's like when kids ask questions like, why is the sky blue? And adults just shrug it off going, oh, you're being stupid.

This enlightenment requires nothing but freedom and the most innocent of all that may be called freedom. Freedom to make public use of one's reason in all matters. Now I hear the cry from all sides. Do not argue. The officer says, do not argue. Drill. The tax collector, do not argue. Pay. The pastor, do not argue. Believe.

Only one ruler in the world says, Argue as much as you please, but obey. We find restrictions on freedom everywhere. But which restriction is harmful to enlightenment? Which restriction is innocent?

And which advances enlightenment? I reply, the public use of one's reason must be free at all times, and this alone can bring enlightenment to mankind.

Hakuna Matata, what a wonderful phrase. Hakuna Matata ain't no passing craze. It means no worries for the rest of your days It's our problem-free philosophy Hakuna Matata



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



33-Wendell-Charles-NeSmith-Episode-07-Music-and-Life

Put on the full armor of God so that you can take your stand against the devil's schemes. Making video like this really changes you. It's like everything's unorganized until the video is finished and then once you release it, it's like you saved your game and you're prepared for the battle ahead. Ivory might think that she's my biggest fan, but the truth is, I'm my biggest fan.

I watch my videos multiple times, at least.

Do you want to see through their lies? Post your truth through video on a daily basis. The reason I was born and came into the world is to testify to the truth. Everyone on the side of truth listens to me.

What is truth? Truth is the property of being in accord with fact or reality. What is reality? Reality is created in the mind. We create our reality using the process of perception. Two people can be in the same situation, but create different realities. When we see evidence contrary to our beliefs, we tend to ignore them.

Reality is what we make it. Imagine if I was the same person, but did not post videos about my knowledge. Imagine if my knowledge stayed bottled up in my mind. What would be the reality?

And since I do make videos, how have I created my own reality? What is the truth? Is it true that I keep getting in trouble for making videos about wisdom?

Is it true that there's no real people in this world, just robots?

I have recorded the truth for you for many years now, yet you still don't believe. Is it reality that they keep locking me up for making videos about wisdom? Or is it only reality because I chose to record it?

What about all of my crazy adventures that I recorded?

Were they real? Or were they just a figment of my imagination?

Doctors go, yeah, right. But they refused to look at the evidence.

Evidence is the available body of facts or information indicating whether a belief or proposition is true or valid.

I started this story by telling you a lot of fiction. Then that fiction became fact. Was that fact ever truly fiction, or was I just predicting what was going to happen?

I trust Wendy, but it matters not if she's real, because she's such a cool character to have in my films, and her being here really completes my story, and she's here for me. She's a really good person. She cares deeply for me, and I for her. It would not matter her age. I would still be with this girl, independent of that.

my windy sunshine I could stay awake just to hear you breathing watch you smile while you are sleeping while you're far away and dreaming I could spend my life in this sweet surrender I could stay lost in this moment forever Every moment spent with you is a moment I treasure I will buy you a garden where your flowers can bloom I will buy you a new car Perfect, shiny and new I will buy you that big house Way up in the West Hill I will buy you a new life Yes, I will It's more precious than gold You have my time, Wendy You have all my time Even when I am sleeping I am waiting for your beep so that I can wake up and chat with you.

Wendy is my partner in this life, and she's already my partner because we spend most of our time speaking with each other. Wendy is my fiancé, and I don't care if that makes you uncomfortable. I love you, my girl. But soft, what light through yonder window breaks.

It is the east, and windy is the sun. Arise, fair sun, and kill the envious moon.

Her longing has been recognized by God, and her prayers have been answered.

For I have been waiting at her window for her for a long time now. I give you fairy dust, my love, so that you can save our lost kids.

Let us do some real education.

What is one, me, plus one, you, three, God, the Trinity? For man and woman cannot be complete without the light.

Which of you, if your son asks for bread, will give him a stone? Or if he asks for a fish, will give him a snake? If then, though you are evil, know how to give good gifts to your children, how much more will your Father in heaven give good gifts to those who ask him? So in everything, do to others what you would have them do to you.

For this sums up the law and the prophets.

Wendy's Sword is my favorite song from that album.

My story can't be told without Ivory in it, because I spent 11 years searching for her. My story and Ivory's are tied up like this.

I can be a strong, independent person without her, but I'm still only half of a person without her.

A full story takes a man and a woman with a similar vision. Ivory keeps on talking about getting a tattoo, and I don't want her to. It marks your body up permanently, and they don't really turn out as good as you wanted them to anyway.

My ivory is clean.

What color is ivory, my dear?

Your soul is clean, my dear. I have marks inflicted by people and the government all throughout my soul. Thus, they were represented through tattoos.

You don't have to live a life of suffering like I have.

Don't think of suicide, my dear, even if your parents stop us from talking for a while. And remember, you can always walk out and go to the library where they have free internet. A door has a handle that you can just open.

Where are you going? Somewhere where I can email my fiance They don't like me Yet Let's keep wearing them down They can't say no forever You have your heart set on me Just look into my eyes And don't let anything or anyone avert you Avert you from the truth Dance with me girl In music, one doesn't make the end of a composition the point of the composition. If that were so, the best conductors would be those who played classes.

And there would be composers who wrote only finales.

People go to a concert just to hear one crashing chord, because that's the end. But we don't see that as something brought by our education into our everyday conduct. We've got a system of schooling which gives a completely different impression. It's all graded.

And what we do is we put the child into the corridor of this grade system with a kind of, come on, kitty, kitty, kitty. And, yeah, you go to kindergarten, you know. And that's a great thing because when you finish that, you'll get into first grade. And then, come on, first grade leads to second grade and so on.

And then you get out of grade school and you've got high school. And it's revving up. The thing is coming. Then you're going to go to college.

And by a joke, then you get into graduate school. And when you're through with graduate school, you go out and join the world. and then you get into some racket where you're selling insurance and they've got that quota to make and you're going to make that and all the time this thing is coming it's coming, it's coming that great thing, the success you're working for then when you wake up one day about 40 years old you say, my God, I've arrived I'm there and you don't feel very different from what you always felt and there's a slight let down because you feel there's a hoax and there was a hoax, a dreadful hoax they made you miss everything we thought of life by analogy with a journey with a pilgrimage which had a serious purpose at the end and the thing was to get to that end success or whatever it is or maybe heaven after you're dead but we missed the point the whole way along it was a musical thing and you were supposed to sing or dance while the music was being played



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



33-Wendell-Charles-NeSmith-Episode-08-Rainbow-Connection

Stay lost in this moment, forever, every moment.

The Corbett Report. Nobody has a right to force me to do something to harm myself. I mean, okay, what do you want me to, how about if I cut myself? Should I do that? Should I shoot myself? Maybe just get it all over.

Nobody has a right to tell you to bring harm to yourself, yet they are. You can't spread COVID if you're dead, but they're not telling you to kill yourself. but hey, maybe they should, right? Because that'll stop COVID, yeah.

Can you see how I just reframed that information and then put it into my context? So that's kind of original work, even though it's someone else's work because it takes that information and applies it to a different set of attributes, which in this case would be my life and what happens with me. So here's a person who got Wendy's email as well and emailed both of us this. So they're telling a child to commit suicide. How nice is that?

You should watch my TV show more carefully, because I've explained in great detail why I don't do that. But I don't do that either, you fucking evil moron.

It's not all bad, though. It's not like my haters are the only people who are following me. And justice is the principle that people receive that which they deserve.

How can we stop this epidemic where people stop telling people who are lonely to kill themselves? It's crazy how often it happens. It's like everybody's telling you to kill yourself because you're unique. And that's not the internet that I want for the future.

people started telling me to kill myself when I was a child and I was shocked with the evolutional state of mankind so people telling me to kill myself really kind of helps me because it's like what the fuck how can people do this so I spend my life trying to figure out how to fix that. To tell a child to kill themselves is really, really horrible.

They say that I am a danger to children, yet they allow these people to go around and tell children to kill themselves. So what? I'm a danger to children, and those who tell children to kill themselves are perfectly fine, upstanding citizens of the world. What did you do today? Oh, I told

this 12-year-old child to jump off a bridge. So what do we do when children are being told by adults to kill themselves their email was labeled with stop sure like I am really going to stop doing good because you tell me to yeah right if someone is perfectly fine morally to tell a child to kill themselves then what else are they perfectly fine with morally according to this world it's okay to tell children to kill themselves but it's not okay to teach children philosophy and about the world that they actually live in people have been telling me to kill myself since I was a child I really don't know how to get people to stop telling children to kill themselves. Do you have any ideas Wendy? Why are there so many songs about rainbows and what's on the other side? Rainbows are visions but

But only illusions and rainbows have nothing to hide. How sick does someone have to be to tell kids to kill themselves? I don't know how they got your email address, my dear. I wanted to protect you against people who tell you to kill yourself.

i'm not sure how to do that i think they got your email address when i was incarcerated and you were emailing people around there's fake people everywhere you are the only person in this world that i trust my beautiful it's not just adults that tell kids to kill themselves it's also other kids. Kids learn a lot from their parents these days, don't they? You've been half asleep and have you heard the voices? Well I've heard them calling my name.

Is this the sweet sound that calls the young sailors? The voice might be one and the same.

Wendy keeps getting in trouble for talking to me. I don't know what pain you are talking about because I don't feel any pain.

They just assume pain on you, assume that you are suffering, when the fact is just the opposite.

Do you really think that I care that I don't have many friends, that I don't have satanic friends?

Do you think I care that these evil people don't like me? Seriously? Most people prefer being loved to loving, since they desire flattery and honor.

The true mark of a friendship, though, is that it consists of more loving than being loved. Friendships endure when each friend loves the other according to the other's merit. The virtuous person finds happiness in the presence of their friends, who are friends, because they have the same virtues. If I am going to have friends, it is because they represent certain virtues in which I value.

And telling people to kill themselves is not a virtue in which I value.

It's not a virtue at all. If the world hates you, know that it has hated me before it hated you. If you were of the world, the world would love you as its own. But because you are not of the world, but I chose you out of the world, therefore the world hates you.

They were filled with all manner of unrighteousness, evil, covetousness, malice. They are full of envy, murder, strife, deceit, maliciousness. They are gossips, slanderers, haters of God, insolent, haughty, boastful, inventors of evil, disobedient to parents, foolish, faithless, heartless, ruthless. Though they know God's righteous decree that those who practice such things deserve to die, they not only do them, but give approval to those who practice them.

Justice, and only justice, you shall follow, that you may live and inherit the land that the Lord your God is giving you. Turn away from evil and do good, so shall you dwell forever, for the Lord loves justice. He will not forsake his saints. They are preserved forever, but the children of the wicked shall be cut off.

The righteous shall inherit the land and dwell upon it forever.

When justice is done, it is a joy to the righteous, but terror to evildoers. Why are there all these people who hate me and obsessively watch my videos and come to me regularly, put themselves out, and expend effort to come to me just to tell me to kill myself? Are you bored in this life? Take on this new profession and become an Israeli troll and tell people who are unique to kill themselves.

Is that not cutting it for you? Search out children so that you can tell them to kill themselves. what type of world are we creating for our kids right now what type of world will they live in in the future because of your actions or lack thereof you have to stand up to be heard hey this person is happy and content in life let's email him and tell him to kill himself it takes a really horrible person to tell you to kill yourself it's like Nietzsche's thought experiment God is dead but what he was saying is that we have killed God and now that God is dead what morals will we fall back on to these are the morals of society a godless society. So I'm the one that poses a risk to children and not those who tell them to commit suicide. And who is the government to say what is appropriate

and what isn't appropriate? Hi, I'm the government and we screw you every day and this is what's appropriate and this is what's not appropriate you can't speak about those things and don't worry governments our corporations will back you up on what is appropriate and what is inappropriate it's time to play some games to keep our heart steadfast well someday we'll find it the rainbow connection the lovers the dreamers and me



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



33-Wendell-Charles-NeSmith-Episode-09-Brave-Girl

Now, this stalker is trying to get to Wendy. Wendy lady lives in England, and I'm doing the wrong thing?

Well, if I don't kill myself, I suppose someone else will have to do it. How about that? A lot of people would be thrilled to take my life. And my address is out there. They know where I live. My Wendy lady lives in England. And I am doing the wrong thing? I will not show you what she looks like.

I welcome anybody who wants to kill me to my door.

I have the right to protect myself against those who wish harm upon me. So I get in lots of trouble over 11 years because I'm looking for this girl. And then when I find her, then I still get in lots of trouble. and other people now want to kill a child.

The reasons I was getting in trouble were never the real reasons for me getting in trouble.

We care about child safety until she finds you and then we don't care about her life.

We'll make threats to kill both you and her. Being told to kill myself for my religion, being told that I will be killed for my religion, that works for me.

Because martyrs are the saviors of our world. Do not be afraid of these people, my love. Just live your life and be happy, and if something happens, then it happens.

Freedom is the power or right to act, speak, or think as one wants. Can you see that it was me that was hurting children when there were no children involved? And then when a child gets involved, then they want to kill her?

Good luck in finding her.

You have her full name, Wendy Eber Smith. Good luck in finding her. God has a plan, my dear. Trust and obey.

Their hate helps us, my love, because we can then publicize their hate for whoever cares to see. And the truth is then documented in history.

These trolls are all talk but no action, my dear. Good thing we both talk and take action. These are people of inaction that are abusing us. They are characters of our television shows.

I get my life breath in, as well as my fiance's. Just another day in the world of Wendell. Where does one go when they are getting harassed? Not the police. For they are doing the harassing. Police are the stupidest people that this world has to offer. Who exists that can police the police? No one.

they are the monopoly on violence anyways all of this proves that it was never about children but instead ideology this was never about the safety of children they fuck children quite literally all of the time the emperor has no clothes the emperor has no clothes the emperor has no clothes is suicide really a choice for when you refuse to do it they threaten your life you have had my address for quite some time now and not a single person has stood up and tried to assassinate me are you all talk but no action you can kill the protester can't kill you can't kill the protest you can murder the rebel murder you can't murder the rebellion brave girl you are so sweet when everything in the world seems so carefree you turn it around and light my way brave girl you see through the lies you stand up even Even when this world offers no prize Brave girl, don't be afraid Promise you'll keep that smile upon your face Fight them who abuse, for you can't lose For the rainbow only comes with the rain Brave girl, will you teach us all For your life is the lie I'm so proud of you, my girl You stand up, even when that will result in abuse of you You stand up for what is right, even when people threaten to rape and kill you. Here is what she looks like. I told you all this from the very beginning. They were all abusing me at first for looking for this girl.

And now that I've found her, they want to have sex with her? You don't have a chance. She is a queen. She has something that you don't have, standards.

No one has the chance at this girl except for me. I am uniquely fit for her, built for her. I told you all this would happen from the beginning, and you all said that I was a liar and that I was crazy, and now that it's happened, you wish to take her from me? I sent this to her about an hour before I was abducted for talking to her.

The skies are great.

How much I love shadow. I have been predicting the future for a very long time now. And everything in which I predicted has come true.

You guys never learn. My sunshine is my own and not yours.

Eventually, she will also make videos about philosophy.

So, whenever that happens, then feel free to go and email her to tell her to kill herself. by you abusing me you give me content for my films and you prove all of my words correct by you abusing a child telling her to kill herself and telling her that you're going to rape and murder her makes you the sick one and not I or Wendy we are so disgusting Wendy this person wants to be locked in a room with us so they can beat us to death there's a big hole in this world so I belong in a prison cell Wendy and you in a mental hospital and this person belongs in the world. The emperor has no clothes. This expression is used to describe a situation in which people are afraid to criticize something or someone because the perceived wisdom of the masses is that that thing or person is good or important. How good is daddy's little kitten?

this website is dedicated to abusing unique people and then those people take that information the lies in which they spread and then post videos about how crazy the people are who this website abuses this website encourages people to tell other people to kill themselves. That website encourages people to threaten the lives of other people, whether that be adults or children. It does not matter. That website has no moral limits. That website is highly

illegal in many ways, yet the authorities don't care. They just leave it up for people to continue to abuse people. It's not only abuse, it's also called defamation and that's legal as well. But they don't care and they know this. Our

Our laws only apply to the people and organizations in which we say they do. I have five new notifications from that website, but I'm not going to check them because they are all just going to be abuse. I have stopped following that thread, my thread, because they just abuse and it doesn't matter what you do or what you say they're going to abuse because that's the whole point of that website you're here there's nothing I fear and I know that my heart will go on forever this way you are safe in my heart and my heart will go on and on



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



33-Wendell-Charles-NeSmith-Episode-10-The-Philosopher-Queen

How did all of this start? By me making videos about wisdom publicly. I wonder why these people really, really don't want wisdom integrated in their society. I made the philosophy course The Meaning of Life and immediately people started abusing me for doing it.

This was the year 2012, the end of the world. And on December 21st, 2012, I released my first feature film, Ivory Heart. I was preaching before this time but not on video it was in person and I was abused for doing that as well always getting asked what religion are you I am the religion in which I preach I am sure that Jesus was a Christian even though that terminology wasn't created and utilized until a long time after his death do not believe their lies my love about us being sick we are the healthiest of them we have stronger bodies stronger minds and stronger souls they are the weak class. They are the useless eaters. This war was all started by Jews. I wonder

why Jews wouldn't want a message like mine out there. I just wanted to film and discuss the topics that were closest to my heart. No, you can't do that. Kill yourself. The entire system is designed to stop wisdom from prevailing. All aspects of our society

are made and implemented to create evil people. Satan attempts to corrupt the human race to the point where God would destroy everything that he had made. The Lord saw that the wickedness of humanity was great in the earth, and that every inclination of the thoughts of their hearts was only evil continually. And the Lord was sorry that he had made humanity on the earth.

And it grieved him to his heart.

Here is a troll who acted like they were real.

She gave this to me while I was incarcerated.

What a liar. A real student of mine would be wise. And you are not wise. What is wisdom?

Courting is to be involved with someone romantically, with the intention of marrying.

Do you love me? Do you want me, my friend? And if you do, well then don't be afraid to take me by the hand. If you want to, I think this is how love goes. Check yes or no.

Wendy's name means friend. And we are both wanderers. The hare and the tortoise. A hare was making fun of the tortoise one day for being slow.

Do you ever get anywhere? He asked with a mocking laugh. Yes, replied the tortoise, and I get there sooner than you think. I'll run you a race and prove it.

The hare was much amused at the idea of running a race with the tortoise, but for the fun of the thing, he agreed. So the fox, who had consented to act as judge, marked the distance and started the runners off. The hare was soon far out of sight, and to make the tortoise feel deeply how ridiculous it was for him to try and race with a hare, he laid down beside the course to take a nap until the tortoise should catch up. The tortoise, meanwhile, kept going slowly but steadily, and after a time passed the place where the hare was sleeping, but the hare slept on very peacefully, and when at last he did wake up, the tortoise was near the goal.

The hare now ran his swiftest, but he could not overtake the tortoise in time.

The race is not always to the swift.

Wendy keeps getting in trouble for talking to me, and she gets her wireless taken away for a week.

I hope you're okay, dear. After that week, she immediately contacts me because you can't stifle true love.

Mary was 12 years old.

I wonder how many times Joseph raped her.

They're not thinking in this world. it's not their position to think because they are the useless eaters of this world and soon we will have no need for them they are fucking goyim just because my haters claimed themselves to be Jewish doesn't mean that they are I have about 50 to 60 people that follow me regularly now I can see everything everybody does how is that for someone who has just had their main YouTube account deleted those are good numbers to me because I have always been for the few and not the many. I have never advocated democracy. That's what they do. I am a monarch

and am monarch programmed. There will be no end to the troubles of states or of humanity itself till philosophers become kings in this world, or till those we now call kings and rulers really and truly become philosophers, and political power and philosophy thus come into the same hands. The republic can only be led by a philosopher king with the wisdom to look after the needs of the many. Every heart sings a song, incomplete, until another heart whispers back.

Those who wish to sing always find a song. Do you love me? Do you want me, my queen? And if you do, well then don't be afraid to take me by the hand if you want to.

I think this is how love goes. Check yes or no.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



33-Wendell-Charles-NeSmith-Episode-11-Terror-State

Do you love me? Do you want me? My queen? And if you do, well then don't be afraid to take me by the hands. If you want to, I think this is how love goes. Check yes or no.

New AI can detect emotion with radio waves.

How shall we judge this world, my dear? All the technology required is available.

A team has proposed using nanobots to create the Internet of Thoughts where instant knowledge could be downloaded just by thinking it so we would have really really tiny robots everywhere what is a virus a parasite is an organism that lives in or on an organism of another species its host and benefits by deriving nutrients at the other's expense. Symbiosis is interaction between two different organisms living in close physical association, typically to the advantage of both. What is going to happen when these evil corporations Release this technology on a mass scale.

Heavy metals are metals with relatively high densities, atomic weights, or atomic numbers. At this virus, here is a virus. The ways in which people are forced to interact with their environments are important to consider.

Just because this exists, I am forced to interact with it how they tell me to.

If I want it to do something for me, I have to download an app to be able to do that. There are ads everywhere, and the agenda of the few is constantly hammered into me. If I want to explore what this phone is truly capable of doing, then I can look at the top charts, which are all big corporations, and explore different features that I could utilize if I wanted to. If I'm after something a little bit more specific, I can go into categories and let's say I want a drawing program or something, I can go into art and design and they recommend things to me, I guess based upon what I currently have installed.

and there's paid ones as well and it's just more stuff you just put a whole bunch of stuff in front of me some of the symptoms of attention deficit disorder are being unable to sit still especially in calm or quiet quiet surroundings, constantly fidgeting, being unable to concentrate on tasks, excessive physical movement, excessive talking, being unable to wait their turn, acting without thinking, interrupting conversations. We have to live with and use the technology that is forced upon us. I really can't understand why people don't comprehend the moral ramifications of all that I say. This man is no superhero.

There are none that are rich who are good. If they were good, they wouldn't be rich because they would keep on investing all of their money in good causes, not causes like the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. And there are no charities that are good. They are all set up and organized by evil people.

Imagine if I was rich. What would I do with that money? They do evil things and tell us that they are doing good things. Dr. Gates is the most influential doctor in this world.

These things have destroyed the world. No one can talk to each other anymore. All I get is spam. There's no real people out there.

This is what's known as the illusion of choice. It's like voting in a political party. They all have the same agenda. It matters not who gets in.

They're going to exploit me either way. I use an ad blocker and it gets rid of a lot of ads. But you also have to remember that they are collecting data. If our behaviors are recorded, then collectively they can then guide our perception in any direction in which they wish.

If they know how the collective thinks, then they can pass by negative information to them And they can perceive it as positive.

Why is this world so obsessed with vaccines?

And in the case now, fake vaccines that don't even do the job that they're supposed to do. I was always under the impression that vaccines were something that you just had to do once. and you gain immunities for it forever, but they're pushing this vaccine to be a yearly thing.

Have you taken your COVID vaccine this year?

Who creates our language creates the ways in which we think.

Dictionary.com or the Webster's Dictionary can update their definition of the term vaccine to also include new content, and these definitions are constantly being updated by rich people. What is the meaning of language when it is exploited and used by the rich to control the masses. These COVID vaccines genetically alter our DNA and RNA. Why would people think that this would be a good idea? The great deception is performed in daylight. The emperor has

no clothes do you love me do you want me my friend and if you do well then don't be afraid to take me by the hand if you want to i think this is how love goes check yes or no Do you love me? Do you want me, my friend? And if you do, well then don't be afraid to take me by the hand. If you want to, I think this is how love goes. Check yes or

how fucked up is this world my dear so this person lives in england and has a friend that works in the mail industry and because i addressed it to wendy smith they might be able to find you wendy What is privacy? I have stalkers that are openly trying to terrorize my fiance. Do not be afraid of those who kill the body but cannot kill the soul. Rather be afraid of the one who can destroy both soul and body.

body in hell. Whoever knows the right thing to do, and fails to do it, is a sinner. So what would you do if you found Wendy Smith anyway? Would you kill her? Would you rape her? What is the point

of you doing this. Here is the most recent update of that package. I also sent her all of my books including Talitha Kumi. I think that she got those ones already and maybe that's the reason why her parents won't let her talk to me right now. She made it very clear to me that

if she stopped talking to me, it wasn't because of her will, and it's probably due to her parents stopping us from talking. This isn't how I wanted it to go down, but it is what it is, my dear. I wanted your parents to love me. I wanted them to approve. I wanted your

parents to also be my parents. None of this is logical to me. They are going to lose their daughter out of this. Their choice is to allow us to be together and keep their daughter or not allow us to be together and lose their daughter forever. I don't know why people would choose to lose their

daughter. Don't fear these fools, my love. They have had my address for a long time, and they have never done anything. All they ever do is abuse from the safety and comfort of their own home.

I have never had any of these fools invade my real life. They are all talk and no action. Therefore, my beautiful girl, be steadfast, immovable, always abounding in the work of the Lord, knowing that in the Lord your labor is not in vain.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



33-Wendell-Charles-NeSmith-Episode-12-Heart-of-Gold

Do you love me? Do you want me, my girl? And if you do, well then don't be afraid to take me by the hand, if you want to. I think this is how love goes, check yes or no.

this guy is so stupid don't worry lots of people aren't looking for you i only have about fifty or sixty followers anyway and lots of people isn't fifty or sixty people and what's wrong with this guy seriously what do you want to do to her she's a child, and I knew that she would have tribulations similar to this, because when you target me, you also target all whom I love, no, no, this world's so sick. They are just trying to scare you, dear. Don't you think, if that was important to them, that they would have already ended my own life? We are warriors, my dear, and these are the people that we battle.

They spend their time harassing and abusing us because we have dedicated our lives to wisdom. What is justice, my beautiful? Do I get what I deserve in this life, and do they get what they deserve? We talked about this for quite some time, and at first you were like, oh just ignore them, but we can't ignore them.

threatening our lives on a day-to-day basis. The one who conquers and who keeps my works until the end, to her I will give authority over the nations, and she will rule them with a rod of iron, as when earthen pots are broken in pieces, even as I myself have received authority from my Father. For it is time for judgment to begin with God's household, and if it begins with us, what will the outcome be for those who do not obey the gospel of God? Do not judge or you too will be judged. We will be judged, Wendy. For in the same way you judge others, you will be

judged and with the measure you use it will be measured to you. Google is not very good at answering real-life problems. We are persecuted for our beliefs. They do what is illegal and society supports them. It's not like I can go to the

cops and tell them all of this because cops constantly abuse me. Who is there that can protect people in this society. The scary truth, no one. When we are thrown into the blazing furnace, the God we serve is able to deliver us from it, and he will deliver us from your majesty's hand. No weapon that is fashioned against you shall succeed, and you shall refute every tongue

that rises against you in judgment. This is the heritage of the servants of the Lord, and their vindication from me, declares the Lord. There are so many things in this world that are bad that everybody thinks is good. And when you scream out and say it's bad, they think you are crazy.

Are you sure that it is me who is insane? What is reality? I reckon that my supporters should join up with me instead of watching without taking action. If anyone then knows the good they ought to do and doesn't do it they are a sinner you have my email address it is mostly used by my stalkers why do I struggle so much to find real people in this world Where are the people with good hearts? They can't even comprehend my words, one. Here was the last message that she sent me. Why don't you continue to chat with me, Alexandra? Join our army of two.

I have only received one photograph of Wendy. She's so gorgeous. But it wouldn't make sense if she were a troll because she helps me with everything I do and it's because of her that I can make really beautiful meaning. Wendy is something real special. Even if she's a detective

across the world who is assessing me, that matters not because she is the kindest and most compassionate person that I have ever met. She is smarter than everyone else who I have ever met in this world. People just don't get it. They don't understand how I can use everything that comes my way and I pray with my whole heart that this girl is real but if she's not that doesn't matter and I don't understand why people can't comprehend that she's real she's a real person out there somewhere, and she has soul. How much soul do you have, Alexandra? I would love to get

to know you. Moonbase might have failed, but I have now moved to Mars War, and I am interested in finding other warriors. We can spend our lives talking about philosophy and eventually maybe create a Mars base. I have spent the last 11 years preaching publicly and Wendy is the only one who is publicly on my side.

I would love to create a community of beautiful people, but in order for that to happen, beautiful people have to stand up.

I could use our chats to help me make films. Wendy helped me make this TV show secretly. this tv show secretly publicly this tv show and she helped me write this book Talitha Kumi and she helped me make this beautiful music album and she's helping me make this show too. I used our chats to inspire and nearly every day I would ask what do you want to learn about and through our topics of conversation it gave me direction in my work. Wendy doesn't have a camera her laptop is one

of those Dells that don't have a webcam. Her parents have kept her pretty technologically isolated. I wait very patiently for a 10-second video from her to prove who she is, but it matters not. Just the fact that I put my heart out there that I'm super interested in this relationship just the fact that I got abducted and incarcerated for over five weeks because of this girl says a lot I am a person who trusts especially when they don't contradict themselves if this girl isn't who she says she is then she's really really really really smart and I don't know how you can fake compassion because this girl has a heart of gold a heart of gold has told the story of love for God has plans our our lives from above. I regularly have people who harass me and tell me that I'm stupid because God

isn't real. My videos are optional. I don't push myself on anybody. People are choosing to watch my videos i don't go around forcing people to believe in god yet they go around forcing people to try to not believe in god like really their religion is quite literally telling people that God doesn't exist. A missionary is a person sent on a religious mission,

especially one sent to promote atheism on the internet. I wonder why they want to destroy Wendy so much.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



33-Wendell-Charles-NeSmith-Episode-13-Medical-Dictatorship

They love injecting me with weird crap.

They usually do it in my ass, but this time I managed to convince them to do it in my arm.

Big Pharma and its profit motivations have taken over our entire health system, and they refuse logic. They do stuff because the paper tells them to. and they then think that they're not responsible for the things in which they do because people above them told them to do it. So they're like trying to shirk their own moral responsibility by saying the powers above me forced me to do it.

I would leave Canberra because their orders only apply to Canberra. But, I have nowhere else to go.

If I left, I would just end up homeless again in another state. And, they love abducting homeless people, so the same thing would probably happen all over again.

Do you want me? My, if you do. Well then don't be afraid to take me by the hands if you want to. This is how love goes, check yes or no.

It started being used on a mass scale in 1955. I just don't understand how a government thinks that it has the right to invade my body unnaturally and then inject a foreign substance made in a lab by big pharma into my bloodstream or muscle tissue. They invade me in the worst possible ways. And they are forcing me to give my blood too. So that means that the government is forcing me to give my blood to them.

I don't have a choice about that. They are collecting my DNA quite publicly. Injecting a foreign substance like this into your bloodstream or muscle tissue is against my religion. Big Pharma thinks that it can step in and take over our lives by them forcing it upon the entire population.

Who nowadays doesn't take medicine?

Why is everybody all of a sudden addicted to taking medicine? How could such a horrible thing ever become a gold standard in medicine?

It's really obvious to me. You are penetrating your body in a way that it is not meant to be penetrated.

These people are robots. They reject logic and say that they don't have any choice about the decisions in which they make because the top told them to, so it's coming down from the top. And because these people do whatever the top says, they then violate my human rights quite personally because they refuse to do the right thing and say, no, I'm sorry, I can't do this. this is not right morally when I got arrested for making the TV show Dear Ashley the cop said enjoy ending up in the hospital with the needle up your bum I guess he was right about my life anyways the health system in Australia won't stop torturing me they won't stop forcing me to use this health system that I don't agree with.

I don't agree with mainstream at all. Mainstream is so evil, yet they force their ideology upon me. They abduct me and incarcerate me for long periods of time, all in the name of health. You can't go this long without talking to me, my dear.

Because where there is a will, there is a way.

There is internet at the library and fast food places. We can't allow your parents to stop us from talking. I will wait patiently for you, but there is a point where I just have to continue on with my life. I want your time, my dear. I want to prepare you for the future.

It's more precious than gold.

I need you, my dear, to help me make films. Did your father finally finish breaking your laptop? Is that what has happened? Their needle knocks me out for like two days.

I just sleep and sleep and sleep after they give it to me. Stealing is taking from another without permission, without intending to return it. How did they do that? They're magicians.

here are the new sorcerers of this world and the government advocates what they do in fact they are the government they just keep stealing my precious time and don't care that they're doing it and I make it obvious that that's what they're doing and they just don't listen the government controls both the medical field and the education field. They control everything, actually, even if it appears that they don't. They have their hands in the pockets of everyone. They have their handcuffs on the hands of everyone. There's no democracy. This is a medical dictatorship. Autonomy is

the capacity to make an informed, uncoerced decision. The Australian government has removed my autonomy. I guess it's okay that Wendy's not talking to me at the moment because this show is about me. If I do manage to get them to stop giving me this medication through needle form, then they still want to use needles on me to get my blood.

How bad is that, that a government requires me to give my DNA to them? It's actually an order that I have to give what's inside of me to them.

The government has no boundaries. This all because my videos are against them?

Or my videos are inappropriate.

They say one thing and mean another.

This order is only applicable if I stay in the ACT.

And I don't want to stay here because of this order. But I have nowhere else to go. If I were to leave, I would end up homeless again and all of this would happen again. I want to just move out into the bush and get away from these crazy people, but that would also likely end up with me being incarcerated again and the whole thing happening over again.

In a repressive regime or totalitarian state, the government decides on your behalf, for your own good of course, to protect you from really bad ideas. Abduction is the action of forcibly taking someone away against their will. You have to do whatever it takes, my dear, to talk to me regularly. Fiance's talk to each other regularly and if people are preventing you from doing that, then you have to take action and learn how you can talk to me when people are preventing you from doing it.

A girl's enemies will be members of her own household. Everybody is so unhealthy in this world that they push medications upon all of us.

I wonder who could benefit from such a thing.

They have labeled themselves the top health professionals.

Is what they are doing healthy?

They change the meaning of our language. You can't argue with us because we're all about health, right? And if you're not with us, you're against health.

What is an agenda?

Mainstream is the ideas, attitudes, or activities that are shared by most people and regarded as normal or conventional. I don't think it's possible for me to make work that doesn't romance, and if there's nobody specific to romance, then I think I just have to romance whoever's on the other end watching. I very much wanted to romance the entire world into philosophy, but I failed miserably at that. Non-mainstream isn't allowed in society, and they know this because they don't have the advertising power or the connections required to make something that's not mainstream popular.

I have no idea how people like him got popular.

The view counts aren't even real, and if you think they're real, you are misguided.

They ultimately just put the amount of views that they want on it.

It's all a lie. Here are four videos that I spent $119 advertising, and each of these has over 1,000 views, yet YouTube just puts what they want on it. This guy should not be popular so we'll remove his views. As a result of 11 years of preaching, Wendy is the only one who wanted me to romance her into wisdom. So I'm going to continue to do that whether she's here or not.

My life can't be told without a romantic other, because my life has been seeking that. So Wendell Charles NeSmith is incomplete without a romantic partner. I love you, my gorgeous girl who loves wisdom.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



33-Wendell-Charles-NeSmith-Episode-14-My-Tattoos

I don't really like Bitshoot all that much, but after I upload a video on Bitshoot, it gets quite a few views, quite rapidly, and YouTube doesn't do that.

But Bitshoot's annoying because it doesn't like large videos, so if you have a large video, it'll get stuck in process and publishing, and it'll never become visible. see i just recently uploaded this and it has 21 views and then what 20 23 21 24 27 you can see how this gets more views than youtube so youtube doesn't work for me as well as bit shoot does and this is all with only 38 subscribers on bit shoot and with youtube I have 121. BitChute videos don't index in Google search results because Google's not about monopolies. BitChute has all of my videos on it. YouTube only has my

new videos because they blocked me. They thought it would be better for me to be off their platform than to leave me on their platform. They thought it would be okay to delete the last nine years of my videos so now those videos aren't accessible to the public because Bitshoot doesn't get indexed in Google so that means that they just disappeared all of those videos I will not kill myself like my haters incessantly beg me to I want to see the ending of this story and my life is God's and not my own my worst case scenario is that I just play games my whole life how's that a bad thing while you are all working a nine-to-five job that steals your soul I am playing games and having fun I play games not only on the switch but also in real life the worst that can happen here is my game crashes what do you do when your game crashes do you go oh that's it that's the finalization of the game it crashed or do you just load your game from where you left off and hope that it doesn't crash again archive.org is the best video platform but unfortunately it is slow Unfortunately, YouTube is the fastest video content provider that's available. YouTube only kills the others because 1.

It is indexed in Google search results and 2. It is the fastest platform available. If it were not for those two reasons, I would not use YouTube. A monopoly exists when a specific person or enterprise is the only supplier of a particular commodity.

You see, I can search for a video here, and it will show me the videos in which I uploaded, but if I use Google search results to look for it, then it's not there. That means that Google makes all of my films unsearchable. Where's the meaning in that? Archive.org and Bitshoot are the only two places that I have found that are worth hosting my videos at.

Archive.org is by far the best because I can put files in the items that aren't videos So everything that it took for me to make those videos, I can also add in the production. And even though the videos are hidden from the world,

VidShoot works much better for me than YouTube.

Here is my channel. Come subscribe here.

And it's not on YouTube. Let's get these idiots out of our world. If my YouTube channel becomes popular, it will be taken down. This has been demonstrated with evidence, because my YouTube channel that included my life's work was taken down.

Even better, just go straight to my website when you want to watch something meaningful, and then watch there. YouTube is a massive censorship program it's the truth YouTube says your videos are not appropriate to the human population so we will remove your YouTube channel which includes your life's work that is YouTube here is my website address that stays up even if I'm dead or permanently incarcerated. Are you sure that you should be following me on YouTube? What happens when they delete this channel as well? Hey you're talking about controversial information and that

is not allowed on this platform! This control of humanity has been going on And it's been a process of constantly centralizing power, so fewer and fewer and fewer people are making decisions and imposing their will on more and more and more people. So globalization is simply the process of centralizing power in every area of our lives. Wendy is so beautiful. She says, I gave you my heart, and I won't take it back. I am yours. No refunds. I don't want a refund. I just want you, girl.

Her parents did take away her laptop, and she thought it was only going to be a week, but they still haven't given it back to her. It looks like we are working on the library's time, but my life revolves around you, so whenever you can get the time, I'll try my best to be there to chat to you live whenever you are able to do so. How appropriate. It looks like we will be having a library relationship because her parents don't approve. Thank you, my dear, for going to the library and contacting me.

Won't stop, because he's a creepy stalker. I trust Wendy more than anyone else in this world. Right now, Scotland looks like our only viable option. So right now it looks like we have to date on the internet for three years, six months, and 24 more days before we can marry.

He says that the race is on and I am already so far behind, but I am the tortoise and I always win. Good job, Daddy's Little Kitten and Adam Brown, for creeping out a child. Do you feel good about yourself now?

And Daddy's Little Kitten, trying to scare a little girl.

God does not choose us because of what we are, but because of what God can make us. A library relationship is a relationship that is only allowed at the library because parents take away the ability to communicate in the relationship at home. Do you love humanity? Do you want to save it my friend? And if you do, well then don't be afraid to take me by the hand. If you want to, I think this is how love goes. Check yes or no.

For documentation purposes, I love this girl.

In this society, it is perfectly acceptable to stalk and scare a little girl.

But if you want to marry her, no, you can't do that, no. I will wait for her. This girl is gorgeous. She has a beautiful soul.

I will wait for you however long it takes, my dear. You just need to make sure that you contact me regularly.

Let me explain to you all of my tattoos, but I will explain them in the order in which I got them. My first tattoo was this cross because I have to carry my cross in this life. Who is my cross, dear Wendy? The next tattoo that I got was Arete, which means virtue or excellence.

And it doesn't mean that I'm virtuous in excellence, although I am. It means that I'm a writer and with my right hand I have to promote virtue. After that, I got this tattoo, which is phrenesis, which means not just knowing, but knowing how to put into practice. So it's practical wisdom.

After that, I got my family crest tattooed. I actually share this tattoo with my brother, who got the tattoo before me. and I followed him and got it. Scotland, my origin.

A distant family member was a leader in the rebel army and he was harbored by a blacksmith and the enemy came in to the smith shop and my relative was hammering away but then his hammer broke and a blacksmith's hammer does not break because he knows the state of his hammer and he knows how to hit it correctly so they pointed and go nay smith and that became knee smith so knee smith comes from not smith not a smith wendy's the smith i just break everything if you cross your eyes and then put the u's together you can make a w so it's like wendell charles NeSmith and it says i love you and i can close the camera with it like this this one i have no explanation for because it is made not in words but in thoughts. Okay, not in order. I forgot completely about my chest. So first, agape was tattooed to my heart, which means love of humanity or God's love. And then ivory

crossed the connection and after that the demon in which possesses me in order one two three four 4. My family crest. Non arte, sed marte. Not by art, but through war. 5. Tattooed to my heart, agape. 6. Also tattooed to my heart, ivory.

Seven, I love you, Ubermensch And eight, I ruled you It's kind of nine because there's a tattoo in my cross that has a tattoo in my cross So there's two different tattoos that are layered upon my cross and you can only see it live my first cross was a tribal cross with tribal symbols but it was tattooed too deep so I had to cover it all up but you can still see the skin raised I hope I recounted that correctly but that was the origins and the evolution of my tattoos Do you love me? Do you want me, my queen? And if you do, well then don't be afraid to take me by the hand. If you want to, I think this is how love goes.

Check yes or no.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



33-Wendell-Charles-NeSmith-Episode-15-Patience-and-Endurance

Let's try to count correctly this time.

One, two, three, four.

Not arte sed marte, not by art, but by war.

Five, six, seven, eight, nine.

Ivory actually stands for I vow our righteous youth. do you humanity do you want to save it my queens and if you do well then don't be afraid to take me by the hand if you want to i think this is how love goes check yes or no i only need one partner for this life, but I need all the good hearts out there to stand up with me in this war. A warrior is a person specializing in combat and warfare, especially within the context of a tribal or clan-based warrior culture society that recognizes a separate warrior class or caste. You are my war club, my weapon for battle. With you, I shatter nations. With you, I destroy kingdoms.

Proclaim this among the nations. Prepare for war. Rouse the warriors. Let all the fighting women draw near and attack.

Those who are victorious will inherit all of this, and I will be their God, and they will be my children.

The weapons we fight with are not weapons of the world. On the contrary, they have divine power to demolish strongholds. On my knees, I give my life to all the girls out there who love philosophy.

Come to me and I will be your philosophy teacher.

My physical body can only belong to one, but my mental and spiritual self can be yours. Come to me and help me make TV shows. Let our conversations lead what topics I cover in my videos.

The Lord himself goes before you and will be with you. He will never leave or forsake you. Do not be afraid. Do not be discouraged.

What you want me to teach is what I will teach.

Let us unite and create Mars Base.

Mars is a god of war, and war is our specialty.

Diana was not fit enough for our specialty, Mars Base. What is the worst a troll can do? Give me content for my films?

A catfish is someone who uses false information to cultivate a persona online that does not represent their true identity.

Let's just say Wendy is a catfish. Thank you, Wendy, for helping me make really awesome productions. It really means the world to me.

People just have no ability to understand. They are so set on the end result that they miss everything in between.

Who is the catfish? Rory isn't even your real name And I did not learn that until after the show Phoenix Rising The one thing they can't manipulate is love This girl loves whoever she is I don't care Even if she turns out to be a young adult And even if she was lying about her age, which doesn't make a lot of sense if she is, but I would still be very interested in marrying this girl. Even if this girl is using a fake persona, she's someone special. And I want her in my life, no matter what.

Detective Wendy, will you please marry me? I don't care who this girl is. She is someone amazing, and she does wonders with my heart, and I love her with all of my heart. I have only ever seen one photo of her, but her words tell a story, and she puts her heart out there, and it's easy to assess.

because you can't fake love. This girl loves more than any whom I have ever encountered. Please hear her. Please be her. Please be her. Lined up. Like everything's lined up. I haven't even seen her face but like this is like this is a sign. Something's like crazy here because

Because everything's lined up, like, is out of place, like, seriously, like, I'm just gonna trust in God fully, and if this turns out to be a troll, or if this doesn't work or something, then it doesn't matter, it doesn't matter, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, I don't care what you look like, please marry me with me, please marry me, oh, oh, oh, oh, even after we marry, my dear, I'm gonna ask you to marry me again. and again because it's so romantic my love do you want my queen and if you do well then don't be afraid to take me by the hand if you want to I think this is how love goes check yes or no will you please give me the honor of asking you to marry me every single day for the rest of our lives will you please give me the honor of standing next to me in this life and battling our enemies together I could stay away just to hear you breathing watch you smile while you are sleeping while you're far away and dreaming I could spend my life in this sweet surrender I could stay lost in this moment forever every moment spent with you is a moment I treasure I will buy you a garden where your flowers can bloom I will buy you a new car perfect shiny and new I will buy you that big house way up in the West Hills I will buy you a new life yes I will I love you Wendy, you make my heart move. Wendy, even if you're fake, you're the best thing that has ever happened in my life. Adam Brown might give you two creepy photos, but I give you 30 frames per second. Also, people who call me weak are ignorant

Because I am a trained martial artist, I have been practicing mixed martial arts my entire life. They don't stand a chance against me.

Here is the answer to all wars. Kick them in the balls or the bladder. kick them so hard in the bladder that it bursts.

These idiots think that they are actually competition against me, and I'm the one who's crazy.

Men love to fight. Balls are their weakness. And if you have a cup, it doesn't matter. I'll destroy you in another way.

Even a cup is not full protection, because when that gets forced into your skin from a blunt blow, that's going to hurt like hell.

I am a grappler, so if you want any chance at winning against me, you better take me out while you're standing and not allow me to take you down. Never allow someone to rape you, my dear. This is your target. Destroy their balls before they can do the act.

When we finally meet up, my dear, I will teach you ninjutsu so that you will feel confident if you ever get put into a fighting situation. Nintai is the concept of perseverance.

Patient endurance is what you need now so that you will continue to do God's will. Then you will receive all that he has promised.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



33-Wendell-Charles-NeSmith-Episode-16-Trust-and-Obey

Adam Brown sent a nude photo to Wendy. How creepy is that?

Who are you, Wendy? Just tell me who you are, and we can work from there.

I love you, whoever you are. Just tell me who you are. You don't need to give me a fake address. The person on the other side is a real person. Who are you, Wendy?

I have spent a lot of money sending all of these things to you, but money is not what matters. You are, and you're there, and you're talking to me about really important subjects, and that's what matters in life. I don't care if you give me a fake address and what I send to you doesn't get there. That doesn't matter.

That's not what's important in life. What's important in life is you're responding to these subjects that I'm putting out there. That's what's important.

I care not what you look like. I care not if you're feeding me false information. I care about you. You're so special. Wendy, whoever you are, please marry me. I could not find one who cared about these subjects until I found you.

You are the one. Marry me, Wendy. I will forgive the lies if you give me your heart. Tell me the truth. How many lies I gave you my address?

This is the result of three packages sent to Wendy, and she doesn't live there, but she has never contradicted herself in the past, so why would the address that she gave me be wrong? There's a real girl out there who's really awesome, and I love her, and she says her name is Wendy Smith. You can lie about a lot of things, but you can't lie about comprehending a subject when you demonstrate that you know it in and out. You can't lie about who you are when I learn who you are in and out.

Whoever you are, dear Wendy, on my knees, please marry me.

What you have fabricated is real and I can see your heart beating. Be real, Wendy. Whoever you are, stand up as who you are, and let's be together forever through God's grace. It's not that her parents aren't letting her have the packages. It's that they say that she doesn't live there.

there. After Wendy, it's just the camera that will get my romance. I have failed in everything that I have done in this life. No, that does not mean, hey, kill yourself. Like, seriously.

I am too old to be chasing girls, and I know that I look young, but I am not. Wendy, was my last hope at everything. It ends here. I am sorry if I did not show you enough wisdom to convince you to be on my side. This was the highest that I

could reach with what I had available to me. I still trust in God no matter what. I tell my life as it is and as it happens I don't tell you any tall stories that I cannot live up to I tell you what is and you can make the judgments all around that here was her ukulele that I sent her today is a special day because Super Mario 3D World and Bowser's Fury just came out. I don't know why Wendy would send me an address that's not hers. She knew that I was

spending a lot of money to send stuff to her. If it sounds too good to be true, it probably is every single day for eternity information to cultivate a persona online represent identity I think it's kind of bright saying God loves each of us as if there were only one of us this world will see humanity eternity. The master is the slave for all eternity. How can one person change the land to see, for I call eternity, for we are gods forevermore, we are the blinding light you see, and we shall march on.

She wanted me to include this in my films, how sweet. If you want to know what happened with the packages, even if she is a catfish, like what are my chances of finding a girl like this, and what are my chances now that I am trusting? Even if she is a catfish, doing this shows how such a relationship could unfold. I love everything about you too, my dear.

You are so perfect. What would be the result of not believing this girl exists? And what is the result of believing that she exists? What am I capable of merely because I have her in my life?

She is getting bossy. And that's very cute. Their hearts by showing them mine. Adam Brown keeps sending Wendy dick pics.

gross person Adam Brown Wendy thinks your dick and you are completely disgusting please stop emailing her I thought it would be obvious that you don't send dick pics to a child but look at the world that we live in stand obey. For there's no other way to be happy in Jesus, but to trust and obey.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



33-Wendell-Charles-NeSmith-Episode-17-My-Valentine

i have been preaching for eleven years and only obtained wendy and to some extent because she comes and goes rufio i think i am done trying to recruit If I have not managed to win your heart after countless hours of work, then I don't know what can. I am the one who is on an order, yet you are the one who is enslaved. If there is no one who will stand up and put an end to the oppression in which I speak about, then you are going to live that oppression.

You are not unique. You are all copies of each other.

You reverberate the same social axioms again and again and again. you just bounce off each other. The norm bounces off the norm and creates and enforces the norm. I have spent my life searching the internet for people like me and I have found none. Sure, I have found people like James Corbett, Ryan

Christian and David Ike who I follow regularly who have beautiful hearts and are switched on to everything that's happening but their hearts are not God's they don't even speak about God these are my allies and they are very beautiful people, but they don't belong to God. God isn't even in their vocabulary. Sure, they'll talk about how Satanists rule the world, but they won't show their hearts to God. Their hearts are their own and not God's. So even though these are

the closest people to me in this world, I won't be seeing them in the heaven in which I will go to because they did not dedicate their lives to God. They just dedicated their lives to freeing information so even though they have the correct mental understanding comprehension of what's going on they did not bow to God while it all happened oh come let us worship and bow down let us kneel before the Lord our maker God is amazing and I am sorry if I have not been able to portray that enough in my films I wanted an army but But the best army that I could manifest was of two, three, two, three, two, two. Just me and Wendy Lady. And Wendy Lady has not even completed her verification process, which means she could be anyone.

she talks about deep philosophical ideas with me so what does that matter I can't get a package to her nor can she give me a video one day this world will see humanity. The master is the slave for all eternity. How can one person change the land to see. For I am all eternity. For we are gods forevermore. We are the blinding light

you see. And we shall march on. I always dreamed of friends who I could do this type of thing friends who would bow to God these are not my friends they are people who I follow in life Valentine's Day another pagan holiday will you Wendy Smith please Please be my Valentine. I have never met another like you. Please, let's be together forever. You actually care about the topics in which I present, and you want to be the mother for our lost kids.

I have even already given over authority to you because you comprehend and you truly care about our lost kids. I am your advisor in life, but you are the queen, and whatever path that you decide on in life, I will pave the way for you. Use me as an instrument to our highest purpose.

The truth is, is that if you are who you say you are, then you are the Christ.

If you are not who you say you are, then you are an awesome character in my films.

The truth is, is that if you are who you say you are, then you are going to do so much good in this world. And that is what matters. If I tell a kid to be good, what are they going to do? How am I influential on them?

I'm not. It needs to come from you.

Together, we could really rule this world and destroy it.

Do you want a job that gives you regular money?

Then you have to do what we say. You have to enslave yourself into my doctrine in order to receive that money.

Valentine's Day is all tied up in Hallmark, a commercial entity which was created and implemented to enslave you. Who do you think that you are working for? The big corporations. Even if you're a small entity, you are still working for the big corporations.

Who are these videos for? Everything's for Wendy. And I have said that from the very beginning. I am here to prepare her for what she has to do.

I am nothing. I am just a teacher in this life and a teacher that is not allowed to teach legally. I agree with you, Wendy, that if I was to not marry you before you turn 13, then I would be a hypocrite. But for you, I am perfectly fine being a hypocrite if it means that we can be together.

Your 13 is coming up, and we have no way currently to be together before then.

But can't you see? We are already together.

We spend our time to be together. What does it mean to be together? The physical senses has never been my target.

Talent hits a target no one else can hit. Genius hits a target no one else can see.

Life isn't about romancing your girl one day per year. It is about romancing her every day.

I ask her this almost every day.

Wendy darling, on my knees.

Will you please marry me?

I won't stop asking this question, even after we are married. what is a good relationship I give everything to Wendy even though she is not verified as a person and if she turns out not to be who I think she is then what is the worst that can happen to me she is an ally even if she turns out not to be who she says she is then where does that leave me without a girl I'm without a girl without Wendy right now anyway so there's nothing that can go wrong with this even if the worst happens I have spent my life throwing both fish and catfish back into the sea because I did not want them. But I found a girl that I do want, Wendy. This isn't the first girl who has come to me and said, hey, I want to be your bride.

This is the first girl who actually comprehends what I'm talking about, who says, hey, I want to be your bride. I turned down a lot of girls. I broke a lot of hearts. A woman who walks with the crowd will not get far, but a woman who walks with Christ will always reach her destination.

So they are no longer two, but one. Therefore, what God has joined together, let man not separate.

Of course I will marry you at your twelve if you can make that happen. I will not allow any laws to stand in my way, but if that is what you think, then we will have to organize carefully.

I don't have the funds to do this, and to be honest, I don't even have the funds to fix my tooth. My tooth is a medical issue, and it will be very, very irritating if it breaks off, and I can't afford to fix it.

I love you, Wendy. Please be my valentine.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



33-Wendell-Charles-NeSmith-Episode-18-Ivory-Heart

One day this world will see humanity.

The master is the slave for all eternity. Oh, can one person change the land to see?

For I am all eternity. For we are gods forevermore. We are the blinding light you see. And we shall march on Absolutely love the free press It's not like I regularly watch stuff on YouTube And the content gets removed in the middle of watching it Oh wait, it is A catfish is someone who uses false information to cultivate a persona online that does not represent their true identity.

This commonly involves using stolen or edited photos, usually taken from an unwitting third party. I finished by saying that he thinks his life would be droll if we didn't have someone nipping at our fins. They keep you on your toes, they keep you guessing, they keep you thinking, they keep you fresh. I thank God for the catfish, because it would be droll, boring, and dull if we didn't have somebody nipping at our family.

Which of you fathers, if your son asks for a fish, will give him a snake instead? I kept giving her chance after chance after chance to admit who she really was. And it took me catching her in the middle of a huge lie.

I was right to begin with. There's no real people left in this world. I wonder who this girl really is. But it's kind of over because I caught her in the middle of a huge lie.

and I don't know where the lies start and where they end.

She's a very smart person. She tricked me good.

She? Is it?

Because of this person, I was incarcerated for over five weeks and I lost my Working with Vulnerable People card. It's time to hang my hat up and forget about girls.

I will just spend my life romancing myself, romancing the camera.

I love you, camera.

You are everything that I could ever want. I am too old now to be chasing girls.

No, not kill myself. Why does everybody want me to do that?

It is okay though, because I expected it from the very beginning. From the very beginning. the internet is full of danger and no one can trust anyone if I can't find her after 11 years of looking then she's not out there she was just a figment of my imagination there's no one in this world that can play my heartstrings like me Because I was told to trust those who reach out in this life, even if they are trolls.

Trust is the firm belief in the reliability, truth, or ability of someone or something. Tabula Rasa is the theory that individuals are born without built-in mental content and therefore all knowledge comes from experience or perception. I very much wanted her to be real so I believed it this girl was smart she aligned our birthdays perfectly and gave us a perfect star sign match I don't know how much of what she said is true and she is a liar so it matters not really what she says anymore because I don't know if what she says is true and that is a hurdle that you can't really get around in a relationship I gave her many chances to come clean so what I do I dropped acid with Sandy in Highland Park is to further ignore the truth it's one so this valley I'm part of They came to the cannibals. They had two families.

And they had one family who tried. He said, you know what? We should go south. We should go south.

We should go down around the Sierra to get to California. California, they kind of said, right? And this guy ended up killing one of the members of the dinner party. There was a raging battle.

He kicked them out. Outcast was completely by himself, alone in the wilderness. He did it. He went south.

Around Sierra, he went to California by himself. He was alone in the wilderness. He didn't be by himself. He was actually here.

That guy. That guy came back and he saved the Donner party's ass when they got a smooted

Did I make this album for me? me. I wanted to collect all of my memories that were important to me. I wanted to catch true beauty on camera, whether it was real or not. There are so many fiction stories.

I wanted to create a real one. On my knees. Wendell, will you please marry me? Life's so funny.

It is the most romantic comedy ever created. Do you think that I wasn't aware of the types of stuff that goes on in the internet. I used Wendy to get this. She was a character in my films.

Deception or falsehood is an act or statement which misleads, hides the truth, or promotes a belief, concept, or idea, that is not true. She saw me incarcerated because of her. She saw me lose my ability to do my livelihood in this life because of her. She saw my family and friends reject me because of her.

She knew what she was doing. She doesn't have any excuses. This world will see humanity. The master is the slave for all eternity.

How can one person change the land to sea? For I am yours for all eternity For we are God's forevermore We are the blinding light you see And we shall march on.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



33-Wendell-Charles-NeSmith-Episode-19-Jesus-Freak

Christianity is an Abrahamic monotheistic religion based on the life and teachings of Jesus of Nazareth. Its adherents, known as Christians, believe that Jesus is the Christ, whose coming as the Messiah was prophesied in the Hebrew Bible, called the Old Testament in Christianity. and chronicled the New Testament. For the first time in my life, I truly understand.

I am a Christian.

The Old Testament was moral absolutist, meaning that there were laws and rules for everything that governed everyone. Jesus is the New Testament, not the New Testament, the actual Jesus. And we have four Gospels that we can utilize to sync who Jesus really was. I have learned that everything in the Bible can be proven wrong through a different set of scenarios that play out, meaning that the Bible is morally absolute and the truth is morally relative.

So, everything that the Bible says, including the New Testament, can be proven wrong, except Jesus, his life, what he did, and what he battled.

My life, all of it, belongs to Jesus. The words of the philosophers can also be proven wrong, given the correct situation.

For we have seen his star in the east, and have come to worship him. O come, all ye faithful, joyful and triumphant. O come ye, come ye to Bethlehem. Jesus was always the exception to the rule so in all areas of his life he attempted to be the exception to the rule thus his life was disproving the Old Testament which was that people should follow laws and instead creating a whole new political system like he's he's intelligent he knows what he's doing just by living the life that you live by being the exception to the rule this tells me laws and this tells me laws but this tells me more relativism laws cannot work they are not for the people they are for the masses and this whole masses thing doesn't really exist because the truth is we're all people we're all individuals the Christians have it all wrong they should be spending their time studying this man it's like literally a life devotion and and you see it coming from me every single day.

And these Christians don't dedicate their life to Jesus and his teachings. They just say a few words and then that's it forever.

I'm actually living the life. I'm actually a true Christian, and these Christians are all fake. I, my Jesus, will be your bride.

I'm not gay, but Jesus, I want to be everything that you are.

You are the most important idol that is here on earth, and your life has taught me more than any philosophical mode of thinking. Jesus, be my ivory, or maybe I am yours.

You have been shaping me since I can remember.

In God I trust. For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever shall believeth in him shall not perish, but have everlasting life. How long is my life? Is an electric god the frequencies flowing through our brain? What is soul? What is the pineal gland?

Neurons firing electrical impulses that direct the state of consciousness. Let's just say an electric frequency that is directed towards something. And that electric frequency is directed for me making videos about wisdom, and I'm obsessed with doing it, and whatever it is that's pushing me to do that is my soul. The magic happens here. There's something that goes on in the brain to create someone like me.

Here it is. Can you see that? It directs me to do this. It's forcing me to do this.

This shit literally reduces the brain activity in my head. What is life all about? I have been closely examining these humans for a long time now, and it appears to me that their lives are all about enslaving themselves to another person, being exploited by them, leaving for the day to go to sleep, and coming back the next day to be exploited and enslaved again. Rinse and repeat. Get a weekend. Rinse and repeat.

These slaves are literally their property, and they play us like pawns. They play us like pawns. To walk with Jesus is to imitate Jesus.

Sure, you might constantly poke needles in me, but I don't have to go to work in the morning.

I am at work, right here, right now, wherever that might be. I can choose to waste it, or I can choose to use it.

What is it that is truly important in this life?

Jesus is so awesome because he could be saying one thing and meaning another. These Christians just don't understand to live a life like Christ means to live a life like Christ.

I have to spell it out for you. Like seriously, should I have to do this to say the things in which are real are real? Does your intellectual capacity really not allow the obvious to be said and understood and comprehended and as a result be shown, demonstrated as a fruit of your day-to-day lives? Like, what are my fruits? Where are my fruits?

Where are my fruits? Can you see them? Do I have to say it again, human? O come all ye faithful, joyful and triumphant, O come ye, O come ye to Bethlehem.

Come and behold Born the kings of angels Thus adore



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



33-Wendell-Charles-NeSmith-Episode-20-Gene-Therapy

The fourth industrial revolution we lead to is a fusion of our physical, our natural, and our biological identities. Now to the unmarried and the widows, I say, it is good for them to stay unmarried. I told my friend that I was just going to spend the rest of my life romancing the camera. And he made a good analogy and said that that is exactly what Marilyn Monroe did.

Imagine what she could have become if she was actually the one holding the camera. I've always been one with the camera. Even in my childhood we used to have this big bulky camera and we used it to make hilarious commercials. I now have no one to make videos for so there's no hurry I'll just relax and take my time it doesn't matter if people see them or if they don't I will use this video platform to help track my life and not care if people watch or not What was truly being said here? Would any of you who are fathers give your son a snake when he asks for a fish? Or would you give him a scorpion when he asks for an egg?

Ask and you shall receive is not wisdom that applies to my life.

I have been asking for 11 years, yet I keep receiving snakes and scorpions.

I knew that this was going to be the case though, because I know our world pretty well. Ask anything evil, and it will be given unto you. Ask for good. No, no, no, no.

Laws have replaced morals in society.

Everyone talks about laws all the time, but no one talks about morality. What's the right thing to do? No one cares in this world about doing the right thing, yet they all love doing the wrong thing, and they just keep doing it again and again. even those who I have helped who have come to me in the past always end up doing the wrong thing as well it's like the people in this world just want to do the wrong thing and no one's concerned about doing the right thing they just want to do the wrong thing and then want to justify that wrong the people of this world love to sin even after receiving divine knowledge. You are of your father,

the devil, and your will is to do your father's desires. He was a murderer from the beginning, and does not stand in the truth, because there is no truth in him. When he lies, he speaks out of his own character, for he is a liar and the father of lies. Whoever knows the right thing to do, and fails to do it, is a sinner.

I never knew you. Away from me, you evildoers.

Eleven years of preaching, and not a single one could understand my words. because when you comprehend what I'm saying, then you will naturally do what I am saying.

Eleven years of preaching and I am still alone.

Eleven years of preaching and no church. All I can ever find is people trying to deceive me. I have no Christian friends because Christians don't believe my words or the words of Jesus. This is the end game for humanity.

What we are focusing on with biotechnology will change us from human into something else. There is no coming back, and the ball is rolling too fast now, so there is no changing it. For there will be great tribulation, such as has not been from the beginning of the world until now, no, and never will be. For there will be great distress, unequaled from the beginning of the world until now, and never to be equaled again.

Genetic engineering is the direct manipulation of an organism's genes using biotechnology. So, I search for the richest organizations in the world, and it comes back with charitable foundations. This is their agenda, and they will stop at nothing to achieve it. And they will achieve it because we have already enslaved ourselves to them.

There's no going back.

They have already tricked you and are already conducting gene therapy on a mass scale. For false Christs and false prophets will arise and perform great signs and wonders, so as to lead astray, if possible, even the elect. Now the Spirit expressly says that in later times some will depart from the faith by devoting themselves to deceitful spirits and teachings of demons through the insincerity of liars whose consciences are seared, who forbid marriage and require abstinence from foods that God created to be received with thanksgiving by those who believe and know the truth.

Wisdom is the ability to think and act using knowledge, experience, understanding, common sense, and insight. Wisdom is associated with attributes such as unbiased judgment, compassion, experiential self-knowledge, self-transcendence and non-attachment, and virtues such as ethics and benevolence. Philosophy is the love of wisdom.

Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God. Thou shalt not give false testimony. If it were not for me believing that ivory exists somewhere out there, then I would have never found the secret to romancing myself. I spend my life talking about all of the subjects that are most important to me.

And that makes me love myself a lot because I'm actually reciprocating with myself. No one else would reciprocate these subjects with me, so I just had to bounce off myself. My ivory was always me. You're cute, Wendell.

preaching publicly for 11 years and I haven't found a single like mind My real life friends Just kind of switch off when I talk about these subjects. I Knew that I was a blank slate from childhood meaning I that what I spent my time on in this life would make me and I couldn't spend it on a 9 to 5 job because that would make me evil like everybody else I had to be different I had to be unique I had to be the one who created my own psychology I found no one out there worthy of handing my psychology over to no one that I could trust so I just bounced off of myself for 11 years I thank my ex-wife for leaving me because in doing so she liberated me from this world so I am done recruiting now and it's not like anything can be done about these subjects now because it's gone too far I will just spend my life watching this world burn you will be hated by everyone because of me I have no need for such things, because I have no friends.

A cyborg is a being with both organic and biomechanical body parts.

The technology is already here.

What is in the COVID vaccine? It's gene therapy. They are making us cyborgs for health reasons. The Sustainable Development Goals, or Global Goals, are a collection of 17 interlinked global goals designed to be a blueprint to achieve a better and more sustainable future for all.

The SDGs were set in 2015 by the United Nations General Assembly and are intended to be achieved by the year 2030. Don't you love rich people telling the masses how they should live life? These things sound good in theory, but how they are achieving them are not. Hey, we'll make you healthy by constantly enforcing needles upon you.

We'll eradicate poverty by giving you a base wage. That way, you are subservient to anything in which we force upon you. We will make quality education that turns you into robots. We will reduce inequalities by making you all the same.

The same technique can be applied to all of their goals. We will fix all of these problems that we the rich created to begin with by destroying the world. There is proof to all that I say. It's available and you merely need to research it.

You asked for your soulmate, so instead you will get a catfish who is acting like she is your soulmate. If he asks for an egg, will give him a scorpion? I never cared how old she was. As long as she reciprocated these topics and as long as she was a virgin. Wisdom is illegal in this world.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



33-Wendell-Charles-NeSmith-Episode-21-Human-Survival

What is a free life? I'm not looking for girls anymore. I don't care about them at all. I now walk for me.

I have nothing to worry about in the future and I have no one to please but myself. This world did not want to marry me. So I will marry myself. Enlightenment is found in solitude and not in the company of other people. When you only have

evil people around you, then you bounce back and forth evil because there's only evil. So you're just talking evil with other people and that will make you evil. If you walk like them and you talk like them, then you are them. I have talked to myself like this since my childhood because even when I did not have a camera in my hand, I wrote. And then I got obsessed with reading my own

writings just like I do with the camera I am a unique creation of my own what does it mean to be king or queen of oneself I am in my own world and you might call me schizophrenic saying that I can't decipher reality but my reality is public and can be proven merely by examining my fruits. Can your reality be proven? Who is living in the true reality? Proof is evidence or argument establishing a fact or the truth of a statement. What is the fact?

My whole life is on camera for you. Enjoy the proof of the real reality. You are all living in a fiction and you have no proof to establish your lives. What I do on a daily basis is recorded. I wanted

girl who would document her life like I do but you are all idiots and none of you are worthy of me. Fools, halfwits, nincompoops, dunces, dolts, ignoramuses, and cretins. Why am I shooting this scene? Because I feel like it. I make small little mistakes all

of the time. Sometimes I'll pronounce a word incorrectly or spell a word incorrectly, but it's all beautiful. All of it is perfect, even with the minor errors. Because my face was painted by da Vinci. My body was sculpted by Michelangelo. My eyes are stars stolen from heaven. I speak

the words of God. I sing like an angel. I am perfect in every way. Let's play a game of guess who. Who am I? Whoever denies me before men, I also will deny before my Father

who is in heaven. This book is all about me. I will judge in righteousness in the presence of all men and angels, and my final judgment will be just damnation to everlasting punishment for the wicked and a gracious gift of life everlasting to the righteous.

When Wendell was brought into this world, I was reborn because Wendell's heart eagerly wanted me to possess it. Possession is the state of having, owning, or controlling someone. No priest of this world can take out what is within me. I no longer care about any of you.

You have all chosen your father in hell, and it is now time for judgment. watch the news it is time to destroy this world through prophecy a prophecy is a message that is claimed by a prophet to have been communicated to them by a deity such messages typically involve inspiration interpretation or revelation of divine will concerning the prophets social world and events to come I have never been wrong about anything that I have said before so why would I start now the end is nigh when you spend 11 years looking for good hearts and minds and find none what does that mean for this world I might drink and I might smoke pot but I am always sober minded you might stick needles in me regularly because I obsessively documents my life but what does doing that say about your society? What does it say about you when you stand idly by and watch them do it? My followers are not my friends. In fact,

most of them are my enemies because I tell them what they're going to do and And they just do it. The technology in your phone is not the latest and greatest. It is very old technology. To comprehend the capabilities of our modern technology, one has to spend a long time researching on the internet to see what has been done already so that they can understand what will be done.

All of this has been discussed in great detail for many years now. This is what they have been doing right in front of your face. But if someone talks about it, oh, conspiracy theorist, oh no! When you watch this, realize that it is the rich talking with the rich.

Just imagine North Korea in 20 years when everybody has to wear a biometric bracelet which constantly monitors your blood pressure your heart rate your brain activity 24 hours a day you listen to a speech on the radio by the great leader and they know what you actually feel you can clap your hands and smile but if you're angry they know you'll be in the gulag tomorrow morning

and if we allow the emergence of such total surveillance regimes don't think that the the rich and powerful in places like Davos will be safe. I'm the chairman of Bayland Company, and welcome to the session on how to survive the 21st century. It's not a new topic, but it's really getting urgent. 18 years ago, Martin Rees, Britain's astronomer Royal, published a book on the topic.

He gave civilization a 50-50 chance of surviving the 21st century. Today he says his concerns have only grown. He cites new technologies and environmental catastrophe as the reasons. Well, don't yell at me, yell at the technician.

Can you hear me now? Okay. Should I repeat what I said? Sorry, guys.

Well, first, I introduce myself. I'm Marit Gaddish. The order there is a little misleading. I'm the chairman of Bain & Company, and I welcomed you to the session on how to survive the 21st century.

I started by saying that this is not a new topic and mentioned that 18 years ago, Martin Rees, Britain's astronomer royal, published a book on the topic. And he gave civilization a 50-50 chance of surviving the 21st century. He published another book this year, or actually last year, and his concerns have only grown. He cited technology and environmental catastrophe as reasons.

Being over 30, it is highly unlikely that I will survive the 21st century. And some days, especially when I hear about the fires in Australia, or hear yet another example of our data being used to manipulate us surreptitiously, I find myself kind of glad of that, but I fear that the next generations may live to see horrific things. But perhaps not, especially if we start to really get serious about the existential issues that are coming now into plain sight.

With us today is Yuval Noor Harari. He's a best-selling author of three books. The latest is 21 Lessons for the 21st Century. He's a historian and a philosopher.

He has thought long and hard about three existential challenges. Nuclear war, ecological collapse, and technological disruption.

Also with us is Mark Rutte, also an historian. He's been the Prime Minister of the Netherlands for 10 years. In 2019, the World Economic Forum Competitives Report ranked the Netherlands as fourth globally and first in Europe. It's a pretty good report card for a nation with some real challenges that are relevant to the topic we're going to be talking about today.

As many of you know, about a third of the country is below sea level. The Dutch are famous for their dikes. And they're also famous for the little boy who plugged the leak in one of those dikes until help arrived. There are not enough little boys to just plug the threats that surround us today.

But perhaps we can learn something from such devotion to a common good, which this is what it betrayed. To kick things off, Yuval is going to share some of his current thought.

Thank you. So hello, everyone. I hope you hear me okay. If not, just make a sign.

As we enter the third decade of the 21st century, humanity faces so many issues and questions that it's really hard to know what to focus on. So I would like to use the next 20 minutes to help us focus. Of all the different issues we face, three problems pose existential challenges to our species. These three existential challenges are nuclear war, ecological collapse, and technological disruption.

We should focus on them. Now, nuclear war and ecological collapse are already familiar threats. So let me spend some time explaining the less familiar threat posed by technological disruption. In Davos, we hear so much about the enormous promises of technology.

And these promises are certainly real. But technology might also disrupt human society and the very meaning of human life in numerous ways ranging from the creation of a global useless class to the rise of data colonialism and of digital dictatorships. First, we might face upheavals on the social and economic level. will soon eliminate millions upon millions of jobs and while new jobs will certainly be created it is unclear whether people will be able to learn the necessary new skills fast enough suppose you're a 50 years old truck driver and you just lost your job to a self-driving vehicle now there are new jobs in designing software or in teaching yoga to engineers but how does a 50 years old truck driver reinvents himself or herself as a software engineer or as a yoga teacher and people will have to do it not just once but again and again throughout their lives because the automation revolution will not be a single watershed event following which the job market will settle down into some new equilibrium rather it will be a cascade of ever bigger disruptions because AI is nowhere near its full potential all jobs will disappear new jobs will emerge but then the new jobs will rapidly change and and vanish. Whereas in the past, humans had to struggle against exploitation, in the 21st

century the really big struggle will be against irrelevance. And it's much worse to be irrelevant than to be exploited. Those who fail in the struggle against irrelevance would constitute new useless class people who are useless not from the viewpoint of their friends and family of course but useless from the viewpoint of the economic and political system and this useless class will be separated by an ever-growing gap from the ever more powerful elite the AI revolution might create unprecedented inequality not just between classes but also between countries. In the 19th century a few countries like Britain and Japan industrialized first and they went on to conquer and exploit most of the world. If we aren't careful the same

thing will happen in the 21st century with AI. We are already in the midst of an AI arms race with China and the USA leading the race and most countries being left far far behind unless we take action to distribute the benefits and power of AI between all humans AI will likely create immense wealth in a few high-tech hubs while other countries will either go bankrupt or will become exploited data colonies. Now we aren't talking about a science fiction scenario of robots rebelling against humans. We are talking about far more primitive AI which is nevertheless enough to disrupt the global balance. Just think what will

happen to developing economies once it is cheaper to produce textiles or cars in California than in Mexico and what will happen to politics in your country in 20 years when somebody in San Francisco or in Beijing knows the entire medical and personal history of every politician every judge and every journalist in your country including all those sexual escapades all their mental weaknesses and all their corrupt dealings. Will it still be an independent country or will it become a data colony? When you have enough data you don't need to send soldiers in order to control a country. Alongside inequality, the other major danger we face is the rise of digital dictatorships that will monitor everyone all the time. This danger can be stated in the form of a simple

equation, which I think might be the defining equation of life in the 21st century. B times C times D equals R, which means biological knowledge multiplied by computing power multiplied by data equals the ability to hack humans ah if you know enough biology and you have enough computing power and data you can hack my body and my brain and my life and you can understand me better than I understand myself you can know my personality type my political views my sexual preferences my mental weaknesses my deepest fears and hopes you know more about me than I know about myself. And you can do that not just to me but to everyone. A system that understands us better than we understand ourselves can predict our feelings and decisions, can manipulate our feelings and decisions, and can ultimately make decisions for us. Now in the past many tyrants and

governments wanted to do it, but nobody understood biology well enough. And nobody had enough computing power and data to hack millions of people. Neither the Gestapo nor the KGB could do it. But soon, at least some corporations and governments will be able to systematically hack all the people. We

humans should get used to the idea that we are no longer mysterious souls. We are now hackable animals. That's what we are. The power to hack human beings can of course be used for good purposes, like providing much better healthcare. But if

this power falls into the hands of a 21st century Stalin, the result will be the worst totalitarian regime in human history and we already have a number of applicants for the job of 21st century Stalin. Just imagine North Korea in 20 years when everybody has to wear a biometric bracelet which constantly monitors your blood pressure, your heart rate, your brain activity 24 hours a day. You listen to a speech on the radio by the great leader and they know what you actually feel. You can clap your hands and smile, but if you're angry, they know you'll be in the gulag tomorrow morning. And if we allow the emergence of such total surveillance

regimes, don't think that the rich and powerful in places like Davos will be safe. Just ask Jeff Bezos. In Stalin's USSR, the state monitored members of the communist elite more than anyone else. The same will be true of future total surveillance regimes. The higher

you are in the hierarchy, the more closely you will be watched. Do you want your CEO or your president to know what you really think about them? So it's in the interest of all humans, including the elites, to prevent the rise of such digital dictatorships and in the meantime if you get a suspicious whatsapp message from some prints don't open it now even if we indeed prevent the establishment of digital dictatorships the ability to hack humans might still undermine the very meaning of human freedom because as humans will rely on AI to make more and more decisions for us, authority will shift from humans to algorithms. And this is already happening. Already today, billions of people trust

the Facebook algorithm to tell us what is new. The Google algorithm tells us what is true. Netflix tells us what to watch and the Amazon and Alibaba algorithms tell us what to buy. In the not so distant future similar algorithms might tell us where to work and whom to marry and also decide whether to hire us for a job, whether to give us a loan and whether the central bank should raise the interest rate. And if you ask why you will not given a loan or why the bank

didn't raise the interest rate, the answer will always be the same because the computer says no. And since the limited human brain lacks sufficient biological knowledge, computing power and data, humans will simply not be able to understand the computer's decisions. So even in supposedly free countries, humans are likely to lose control over our own lives and also lose the ability to understand public policy. Already now, how many humans really understand the financial system? Maybe 1% to be very generous. In a couple of decades the

number of humans capable of understanding the financial system will be exactly zero. Now we humans are used to thinking about life as a drama of decision-making. What will be the meaning of human life when most decisions are taken by algorithms? We don't even have philosophical models to understand such an existence. The usual bargain between philosophers and politicians is that

But philosophers have a lot of fanciful ideas, and politicians patiently explain that they lack the means to implement these ideas. Now we are in an opposite situation. We are facing philosophical bankruptcy. The twin revolutions of infotech and biotech are now giving politicians and business people the means to create heaven or hell, but the philosophers are having trouble conceptualizing what the new heaven and the new hell will look like.

And that's a very dangerous situation. If we fail to conceptualize the new heaven quickly enough, we might be easily misled by naive utopias. And if we fail to conceptualize the new hell quickly enough, we might find ourselves entrapped is no way out. Finally, technology might disrupt not just our economy and politics and philosophy, but also our biology. In the coming decades, AI and

biotechnology will give us godlike abilities to re-engineer life and even to create completely new life forms. After four billion years of organic life We are about to enter a new era of inorganic life shaped by intelligent design. Our intelligent design is going to be the new driving force of the evolution of life. And in using our new divine powers of creation, we might make mistakes on a cosmic scale.

In particular, governments, corporations and armies are likely to use In particular, governments, corporations and armies are likely to use technology to enhance human skills that they need, like intelligence and discipline, while neglecting other human skills, like compassion, autistic sensitivity and spirituality. The result might be a race of humans who are very intelligent and very disciplined, but lack compassion, lack autistic sensitivity, and lack spiritual depth. Of course, this is not a prophecy. These are just possibilities. Technology is never deterministic.

In the 20th century people used industrial technology to build very different kinds of societies fascist dictatorships communist regimes liberal democracies The same thing will happen in the 21st century AI and biotech will certainly transform the world, but we can use them to create very different kinds of societies and if you are afraid of some of the possibilities I've mentioned you can still do something about it. But to do something effective, we need global cooperation. All the three existential challenges we face are global problems that demand global solutions. Whenever any leader says something like, my country first, we should remind that leader that no nation can prevent nuclear war or stop ecological collapse by itself.

And no nation can regulate AI and bioengineering by itself. Almost every country will say, hey, we don't want to develop killer robots or to genetically engineer human babies. We are the good guys. But we can't trust our rivals not to do it.

So we must do it first. If we allow such an arms race to develop in fields like AI and bioengineering, it doesn't really matter who wins the arms race. The loser will be humanity.

Unfortunately, just when global cooperation is more needed than ever before, some of the most powerful leaders and countries in the world are now deliberately undermining global cooperation. Leaders like the U.S. president tell us that there is an inherent contradiction between nationalism and globalism, and that we should choose nationalism and reject globalism. But this is a dangerous mistake.

There is no contradiction between nationalism and globalism because nationalism isn't about hating foreigners. Nationalism is about loving your compatriots. And in the 21st century, in order to protect the safety and the future of your compatriots, you must cooperate with foreigners. So in the 21st century, good nationalists must be also globalists.

Now, globalism doesn't mean establishing a global government, abandoning all national traditions, or opening the border to unlimited immigration. Rather, globalism means a commitment to some global rules. Rules that don't deny the uniqueness of each nation, but only regulate relations between nations. And a good model is the football World Cup.

The World Cup is a competition between nations, and people often show fierce loyalty to their national team. But at the same time, the World Cup is also an amazing display of global harmony. France can't play football against Croatia unless the French and Croatians agreeing on the same rules for the game and that's globalism in action if you like the World Cup you're already a globalist now hopefully nations could agree on global rules not just for football but also for how to prevent ecological collapse how to regulate dangerous technologies and how to to reduce global inequality, how to make sure, for example, that AI benefits Mexican textile workers and not only American software engineers. Now, of course, this is going to be much more difficult than football, but not impossible, because the impossible, well, we have already accomplished the impossible. We have already escaped the violent jungle in which we humans

have lived throughout history. For thousands of years, humans lived under the law of the jungle in a condition of omnipresent war. The law of the jungle said that for every two nearby countries, there is a plausible scenario that they will go to war against each other next year. Under this law, peace meant only the temporary absence of war. When

there was peace between, say, Athens and Sparta, or France and Germany, it meant that now they are not at war, but next year they might be. And for thousands of years, people had assumed that it was impossible to escape this law. But in the last few decades, humanity has managed to do the impossible, to break the law and to escape the jungle. We have built the rule-based liberal global order that despite many imperfections has nevertheless created the most prosperous and most peaceful era in human history.

The very meaning of the word peace has changed. Peace no longer means just the temporary absence of war. Peace now means the implausibility of war. There are many countries in the world which you simply cannot imagine going to war against each other next year, like France and Germany.

There are still wars in some parts of the world. I come from the Middle East, so believe me, I know this perfectly well. But it shouldn't blind us to the overall global picture. We are now living in a world in which war kills fewer people than suicide.

And gunpowder is far less dangerous to your life than sugar. Most countries, with some notable exceptions like Russia, don't even fantasize about conquering and annexing their neighbors, which is why most countries can afford to spend maybe just about 2% of their GDP on defense while spending far, far more on education and healthcare. is not a jungle. Unfortunately we've gotten so used to this wonderful situation that we take it for granted and we are therefore becoming extremely careless. Instead of doing everything we can to strengthen the fragile global

order, countries neglect it and even deliberately undermine it. The global order is now like a house that everybody inhabits and nobody repairs it can hold on for a few more years but if we continue like this it will collapse and we will find ourselves back in the jungle of omnipresent war we've forgotten what it's like but believe me as a historian you don't want to go back there. It's far, far worse than you imagine. Yes, our species has evolved in that jungle and lived and even prospered there for thousands of years. But if we return there now with the

powerful new technologies of the 21st century, our species will probably annihilate itself.

Of course, even if we disappear, it will not be the end of the world. something will survive us. Perhaps the rats will eventually take over and rebuild civilization. Perhaps then the rats will learn from our mistakes.

But I very much hope that we can rely on the leaders assembled here and not on the rats. Thank you. Thank you Yuval. That was very thought-provoking and challenging introduction and pretty frightening. Let's hope the rats don't get the upper hand. And with that in mind, let me

turn to you, Prime Minister. You're a head of a government responsible for the well-being of millions of people. And in 2019 alone, you have signed multi-partner strategic agreements in both climates and AI. And then also, you're one of the leaders of the EU, which is the first organization to think really about data and privacy and to come up with this bold, green initiative based not on scaring people, but really as a strategy for growth.

What's your take on this on the road ahead? Well, thank you. And let me first of all say I'm slightly more optimistic. But I'm the eternal optimist in the room always.

But here I'm slightly more optimistic Because I believe there is a strategic, but also a societal and economic imperative, let's say, an urgency to make sure that, be it artificial intelligence or be it this big issue of climate change, that we get a grip on it. But I will also briefly address some of the big issues just being mentioned, because of course they are rightly mentioned and we have to mitigate them. But first, very briefly, why is this fierce urgency of now on artificial intelligence and on climate change? On climate change, because, of course, we want to mitigate the warming of our world and address the CO2 emissions, that's clear.

But at the same time, there is a huge economic possibility here. Lots of new jobs being created. I see this in my country, where we see now growing investments because of the energy transition and climate change itself. But of course you need therefore a strategy. You need society to be on board.

We, in the best Dutch way, had everybody on board in this debate, as you mentioned. Created a big climate agreement in June last year, which we are now implementing, which is affordable and achievable. But which also creates the jobs necessary in the future. I believe the same is true for artificial intelligence.

The possibilities this will present in terms, for example, of cancer research, in terms of, for example, being able to have precision farming with a smaller CO2 footprint than at the moment, autonomous driving, energy transition itself. In all these areas, we need artificial intelligence. I believe it is a more, a bigger transformation than the invention of the internet itself. If we do it right, because things can go horribly wrong.

That means also we have to focus when it comes to climate change on climate adaptation. We will host in October next this year the big climate adaptation summit, being one third of the country being below sea level. We need to do this. As we always say, God created the earth, the Dutch created the Netherlands.

So we want to showcase this to the world how to work on climate adaptation. In terms of artificial intelligence, of course, it is crucial that we change the educational system. It has to adapt to what is happening in the area of artificial intelligence. We need to have the European human-centric approach leading us here.

That, I think, is crucial. And standards, for example, in terms of data and privacy, is very important here. And then I come to the big issues being addressed, very briefly. One, yes, we have to stay anchored in a multilateral global world system.

But then it doesn't help to constantly beat Trump. Not that you are doing this, but I know that during the Davos sessions we like to beat Trump. It doesn't help at all. He is President of the United States.

I believe that he rightly addresses some of the big issues in terms of the functioning of the UN, NATO, the WTO. So let's make use of the fact that he is President of the United States to change these global organizations, because you're right, we can never deal with these issues in bilateral ways. The strongmen, Trump, Erdogan, Un, Bolsonaro, Xi Jinping, they cannot in a bilateral way, in a traditional way, deal with the global issues. Secondly, I want to ask attention to the role of the free press.

There is a risk that with Facebook and all the other big companies who are drawing all the advertising money into the internet now, that it is running against the traditional newspapers and the traditional news outlets. But we need journalism to be able, for example, we have all seen this small clip with Obama saying very strange stuff, which was a created clip. But when you see it, it seems like it is really Barack Obama. Imagine that this clip would be aired on television one or two days before the election, with some of the national politicians being in that small clip on the internet or on television.

That might have a huge impact on election outcomes. So you need free press at these moments to be able to explain to the people what is really happening. But that costs money. So, one of the places I have with big business here in Davos, don't put all your money in the internet advertising.

Make sure that our newspapers, our news outlets, also our TV stations, also in the future we'll be able to pay sensible and real salaries to our journalists to be able to do this. I believe it is crucial. And finally, I think what will help here, of course, is when you have an established democracy. Because in an established democracy with not-a-party systems, that in itself will create a tradition in your society of debating all the various issues and views, etc.

And that is to the core of what we as human beings are. We like to debate. You come from Israel. Israel is one big debating society.

And most of our established democracies thrive on debate, thrive on opposing views. But that is also educating young people to be able to distinguish between the crazy stuff and the real stuff, to be able to come to their own conclusions on big societal issues. So an established democracy will be very helpful here. And that's why I'm so motivated to keep that running in the Netherlands.

Well, thank you. that was optimistic but not optimistic enough for me so let me throw a question in here for both of you completely support free press I agree that innovation has done a lot for health care and a lot of other things and democracy but technology is still marching on and and you know I was reminded when Yuval was talking of I mentioned it to Yuval before of two books that were written in the first half of the 20th century that kind of predicted humanity's future. One was George or Wales, 1984, where the population was controlled by this fearsome dictatorship, and surveillance was everywhere. The thought police was going after you.

They knew what you were thinking, and they were going to persecute you. And that's kind of like the digital dictatorship that you've all talked about. The other book, which in some ways is more scary, is Huxley's Brave New World, where, by contrast, the population is bred or programmed to want what the world state is willing to provide them. So they buy what the algorithm tells them that they should want. They do what the algorithm

tells them they should be happy doing. In a way, it's this naive utopia that you talked about.

Neither author, by the way, mentioned algorithms because the word as it exists now and the current didn't exist. But unlike the book's protagonist, we do know that we're being manipulated. You mentioned that when you said why we need free press. Yuval mentioned that when he talked about where we are with algorithms. And the

question is really whether we would, whether we are going to let this continue. So should we, for example, demand that all algorithms that make or influence decisions are a matter of public record or at least subject to some regulator who actually can unmask at least or understand how they're working and explain it to some people. But who is controlling the regulator? Well, you tell me. You're the politician.

Well, but you tell me. We have to go there. Just briefly, I believe that in the end you want the people in your country to be the regulators, collectively. Take 1984. Well, you are a global

regulator that then lets countries decide how to do that. In terms of regulating artificial intelligence to make sure that privacy is protected that data is protected yes i agree you need regulation there and at the moment that is is going on to make sure that for example europe european union is the biggest data mine in the whole in the whole world uh and everybody everybody would like to mine that data so it is crucial that you have regulation uh in place but at the But in the end, the strongest regulation is independent thinking, people, and all classes of society. And that is at the core of our societal system. And, I mean, to a certain extent, this issue of you being manipulated to buy certain stuff is not new.

We know that even in 19th century, in magazines, you would find advertising geared to your particular preferences. that is not too different from what is happening nowadays in algorithms on the internet. Of course, it was old-fashioned, but trying to somehow be able to channel your message to a particular audience is not different from what happened in the traditional media in the 19th and 20th century, advertising, whatever. What you don't want is things like Cambridge Analytical, that there was this impression that on what you were doing in the internet, on Facebook, was basically being geared to certain messages given to you which would then almost conduce you to vote in favor or against the Brexit referendum or whatever I think in reality it was not that sophisticated if you sometimes think but of course these risks are there so you need some form of regulation but in the end let's not be too scary about it because if you start to regulate this too heavily then it will that immediately post the question who is control and regulator because that man or woman will have a lot of power if I can be a bit more scary nevertheless you know the AI revolution is barely an infant you know five years ago nobody talked about AI except for a few scientists and that what we saw in the 2016 elections with the Kyrgyz Analytica that's nothing I mean we are still haven't passed the crucial watershed the real watershed is the union of AI with biometrics at present still the vast majority of data being mined and people being hacked it's not based on by biological knowledge on my biological data it's based on where I click where I go what I buy and things like that it's still outside the body the real line in the sand is when biometric sensors become ubiquitous and it's happening, and the data starts coming from within the body, and they can access your heart, your brain, not just your credit card.

And AI is nowhere near its full capacity. It's going to get much, much more sophisticated, so it's going to also be much more difficult to regulate it, especially because even if, like the European Union, you have a law saying that if an algorithm makes a decision about me, like not hiring me for a job, I have the right to know why, which is very crucial. But to me it seems completely ineffectual because the way algorithms make decisions about us is based on enormous amounts of data points. When a human decides not to hire me for a job, it's usually based on two or three salient data points, And I can understand why.

Hey, you're gay, you're Jewish, we don't want you. Hey, that's discrimination, you can't do that. That's easy. But an algorithm, the big thing about big data and AI, you take thousands, tens of thousands of data points, each contributing a very small percentage, and that's how it makes decisions.

Now, I can have the right to get all the information, so they'll give me a big book of a thousand pages with lots of numbers. This is why the algorithm didn't hire for a job. But you won't understand. What do I do with that?

So the thing is, the way the decisions are being made in the world is going to change. Algorithms make decisions in a different way than humans. Let me take it from here. I acknowledge what both of you said and pick it right up from here.

You're both historians, and history is littered with empires and worlds that sort of looked back and said, if only we would have done that at that moment, the world would have looked different now.

I think we are at that moment. I don't think, you know, we talk about the things we want, we talk about multilaterism. But there are countries who tell us that they don't actually want to cooperate on the standards of the world. There are people who will tell us that I don't want to change the way I make profits, and there is no regulator right now doing that.

So this might be the moment in time where we need to think just well we know that people start to cooperate when they face a common enemy and you know my question to both of you from slightly different points of view how do we how do we get a real or perceived common enemy out of those real challenges that face us and you know you took a lot about the fictions that unite people and religions and nations you traveled the world let me ask you first and then you promised it so you know with nuclear war and ecological collapse it's relatively easy because it's obvious it's a threat to everybody nobody's going to win a nuclear war but with technological disruption it's much more difficult because there are lots of some people corporations and governments think and with some good reason that they can win an ai arms race and they can control the the world economy or the world political system with that so it's much more difficult to convince them that everybody is on the same side. And the really central issue is inequality. I'm not so worried about a country like the Netherlands. I think you'll be okay. I'm much more

worried about countries like Venezuela, about Brazil, about India, about Indonesia. What will they be in 30, 50 years? I mean I mentioned the analogy with the industrial revolution of the 19th century when a few countries dominated and exploited everybody else it could be much much worse in the 21st century if you have just a few countries that dominate the new divine powers of AI and biotechnology and even if you think about the Netherlands in Europe Europe is hardly in the race at present at least with AI it's really China versus the US and neither is a very good option as far as as far as we can tell. I mean the US at least until a few years ago at least said that it wants to be the leader of the world and to work for the benefit of everybody. Now it resigned its role of leader of the world and it openly says we don't

care about anybody except ourselves and that's not a leader. You don't follow a leader whose motto is me first so I think there is an opportunity here I think the opportunities is a wake-up call especially for Europe that you can't rely on the US anymore and you should be maybe a third independent way but as things look in 2020 from the big 20 tech companies in the world I don't think that any is European let me actually give a word for Europe so I'll share the burden from a business point of view which I've been asked to do as well. A very important part in what's going to be going on is the way actually decisions are being made about technology where it's bought and how it gets used. And while the U.S. and China have the big platforms that people

talk about, the technology companies, Europe actually is quite unique relative to the United States, it has 5G, people who can still actually make 5G working. Now, in America, there isn't a single company that can do it today. And the reason for that is because when mobile started, the United States went in a different direction. Europe agreed on a similar format, and they went down the experience curve, both cost-wise and quality-wise. All the United

States companies were sold to Europeans or disappeared. Europeans are consolidated now. There is now China, Korea and Europe. That is an opportunity for Europe, in my mind, to actually take a step in technology, make a huge difference, because when you think about the future, those who control 5G or make 5G will actually control all the infrastructure on which the technology that we're talking about is going to be.

I'm not as negative about America as some of you in this room, because I still believe America is the leader of the free world, And I cannot envisage any big global issue being solved without the involvement of the USA. Despite who is president, not important. At the end, that is still the case. But at the same time, the European Union is one and a half times bigger in its overall size of economy than the U.S.

And three or four times bigger than China. So when they are fighting each other, the U.S. and China, that is not about first place, it's about second place. So let's not forget it.

And you're right, the European Union has many, and the European countries have many other advantages. And I'd also agree that when talking about AI, and particularly when you see what will happen, as you put very clearly in your presentation, and the risks being involved, you need that regulation, including transparency, and how to have worldwide standards about transparency, that at least you understand that because of the color of your skin or whatever, you have been rejected for that job and that you don't have to go through 100 pages of digital data. So you need that clearly decipherable robot standards on transparency. That's crucial.

And we need the involvement of companies to help us to create that. At the end of this political system, it says to take the decision, but you need the technological input. But I'm very optimistic about European countries being able to do this. In the Netherlands, we have this AI strategy.

We are working with all the big tech companies worldwide to build AI clusters in the Netherlands because we know that if we want to stay the fourth most competitive economy in the world and number one in Europe, this is crucial because this is transformational. So yes, we have to acknowledge the risks and the downsides of these new technologies. But at the same time, for our societies to come along, let's also acknowledge the enormous amount of good this can create in terms of our health, cancer, many things I mentioned earlier, because I'm extremely optimistic about what that can do if you're not naive. I agree with you on that point.

And that includes working on global standards, that includes maintaining the liberal international world order, but then including making changes to the big global organization who at this moment are in many cases not functioning as they should. Well, we have less than one minute, and I'm supposed to summarize this. So let me actually think, I think we have participated and seen a discussion between a philosopher and a political leader trying to conceptualize a little further what the 21st century might look like. There was a little bit of pessimism, a little bit of optimism.

I think a lot of realism as one starts to think about where to take that next. And it's important to talk about those things and to realize them. So please join me in thanking both speakers for today's explanation.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



33-Wendell-Charles-NeSmith-Episode-22-A-Star-Is-Born

Oh, no. I realized it. A series finished. Oh, well. It was a good run. I look forward to what I have to do in the future.

I love my friends. They have no ability to watch any of my videos, but they really help me get my thoughts straight. I love how God works. I love how God just sort of sends me off in a certain direction and then I find the solution.

and like it's just constantly doing that like God's sort of giving me the solution and I'm just like pushing on what is it that I am doing here you tell me if you cannot be my wife my catfish then I can make you my warrior because Because the truth is the truth independent of whether or not you believe it to be the truth. Christian soldiers marching on to war with the cross of Jesus going on before Christ the royal Master leads against the foe Forward into battle See his banners go Christian soldiers marching on to war with the cross of Jesus going on before. You know how to deal with this, Wendell. Romance.

all of the girls and if they're not receptive it doesn't matter like I win no matter what happens good job Wendell I am romancing virgins so if you're not a virgin then please do move on I'm sure there's a lot of content out there that you would appreciate more than this Virginity is the state of a person who has never engaged in sexual intercourse. What is a master plan?

You came from heaven to earth to show the way from the earth through the cross. My death to pay From the cross to the grave From the grave to the sky Lord, I lift your name on high You know what the right card to play is now, Wendell Just stop focusing on one girl And focus on all the girls Romance all the girls. Romance the camera. You have got all the bronze to do this.

Don't be afraid, Wendell. Don't just take over one girl's heart. Take over all of the hearts of the girls out there that exist. Take them. They're yours, Wendell.

Look, only the people who you would be interested in would ever respond to you, so just keep doing that and you'll be fine. I learned it all. I figured out the secret. I will just romance all girls with no particular girl in mind.

on my knees electronic girl girl without friends will you please marry me step by step Wendell you are almost there good job I'm so proud of you you know how to fix it all Wendell just do it just fix it remember this is the fault of the world because it forced me into this situation take it as high as you can it's funny because my haters did this to me because they hated me so much I just decided to say fuck you and just do it good job haters what does it mean to be a winner in life have been censored countless times currently my content is inappropriate is it that my content is covering it looks like I have just opened my sales sure stop me government if you can let's see a perfect way to end the series of Wendell Charles NeSmith what you see is what you get what is extracted from me and then fed to the camera where does meaning start and where does it end I have just created a whole new world for myself but no one can comprehend I am just in fantasy land let's find out what a true relationship looks like because it is today now Wendel is the time for you to be reborn your target carefully before you everything can be solved over a bowl of popcorn. You came to the ACT, Wendell, to act. So act.


༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
https://republicka.life
https://kkk.education
CC0 PUBLICKÁ DOMÁNIA
ALL LOVE RESERVED
AMORIARIACKA IS MY NATIVE TONGUE
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻