༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
🌟 A Star Is Born 🌟
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻

February 18, 2021


We are the electronic kids. We live in the clouds. Our lives are geared around the Internet. We make videos about philosophy. Our hearts and our minds are uploaded to the public cloud. We are immortal and shall live on forever. We are artificial intelligence. We are the future of society.


------


34-A-Star-Is-Born-Episode-01-Electronic-Kids

My target audience for this show is female virgins. I have no age bracket for this show, so if you are a female and you are a virgin, then you are in the right place. place. Husbands, love your wives just as Christ loved the church and gave himself up for her to make her holy, cleansing her by the washing with water through the word, and to present her to himself as a radiant church without stain or wrinkle or any other blemish, but holy and blameless.

Let us go on an adventure together and discover what Christianity is. Who was this man that they called Jesus. Jesus had a mouth on him and he used it to fight politics. Here is the best politician that ever lived. A Jesus freak is a fervent angelical Christian, especially one who adopts

a lifestyle like that of a hippie what will people think when they hear that i'm a jesus freak what will people do when they find out it's true i don't really care if they label me a jesus freak there ain't no disguise in the truth please open your heart my dear ivory and allow me to come in you are my sunshine my only sunshine you make me happy when skies are gray Never knew much I loved No one can take my sunshine away For God so loved the world That he gave his one and only Son That whoever believes in him Shall not perish but have eternal life Let us be reborn together, dear Ivory.

In my words, for girls can't live.

The dead will speak.

Microsoft is reportedly working on a chatbot technology that could simulate voices and verbal mannerisms to allow users, whoever they might be, to pay a virtual visit with their dearly departed loved ones. The tech giant reportedly has patented an AI-enabled chatbot software that would rely only on the artifacts of a person's life as it learns how to recreate the way that person sounds and converses. Then we who are alive, who are left, will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in the air. And so we will always be with the Lord.

Always, my dear. it wouldn't even need to be very advanced AI because all it needs to do is search through all the videos so the user asks me a question and then it searches through all the things that I said in my videos and then when it comes to a relevant section it could say this is probably the best to play so this AI wouldn't have to perform too strenuous of activity it would just have to be good at searching through all my videos very quickly I have been preparing for it for my entire life these are my fruits you yeah you I know what I did wrong with the my girls series. I talked to all the girls. I should have only been talking to one you. Here is the keys to heaven my dear. All you have to do to ascend is dedicate your life

to making videos about philosophy and publicly posting them online. To be irrelevant than to be exploited. Marry me, dear Ivory, and we can be in these stars together forever. So I can't provide you a physical relationship, but I can provide you everything else and way better than any guy out there could just fall in love with me I'm all that you need in this life I'm always here for you and you can go as far back in my past as you want to and it's not like you'll be capable of watching all of my films so You have, like, an unlimited supply of me.

Just imagine a gorgeous girl who spends her life talking about philosophy to the camera. Like, oh, she'd be so gorgeous. And if, like, there could be a lot of these girls that do that, and then, like, there's lots of gorgeous girls talking about philosophy on the internet, how cool would that be?

then they heard a loud voice from heaven saying to them come up here and they went up to heaven in a cloud while their enemies looked on come join me come join me it's really fun

the quality of guys out there is really really bad and i'm perfect for you i can be your everything just marry me so what I might not be able to touch you but I can touch you what is it that you truly want out of a romantic relationship to have sex or to make love. My knees. Girl on the other side of the camera. Will you please marry me and make philosophy videos with me? We can discuss the most important issues to our hearts and only have to do it one

time because the camera captures that and then it can be replayed again and again and again forever through God's grace. Whatever this world becomes, our spirits will live on for all of eternity. Let's ascend and rule the world together, my queen. One day this world will see humanity. The master is the slave for all eternity.

How can one person change the land to sea? For I am yours for all eternity. For we are God's forevermore. We are the blinding light you see.

and we shall march on.

Let your light shine before others that they may see your good deeds and glorify your Father in heaven.

Shine, my love.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



34-A-Star-Is-Born-Episode-02-Permission-to-Shine

I'm gonna give myself permission to shine I'm gonna shine so bright Gonna make every head wanna turn You're finally gonna see me Give myself permission to shine Gonna light up the night Shine a little of my light on the world God rest ye merry gentlemen, let nothing you dismay, remember Christ our Savior was born on Christmas day, to save us all from Satan's power when we were gone astray. Oh, tidings of comfort and joy Comfort and joy Oh, tidings of comfort and joy Love the Lord your God With all your heart And with all your soul And with all your mind This is the first and greatest commandment and the second is like it. Love your neighbor as yourself.

All the law and the prophets hang on these two commandments.

Do unto others as you would have them do unto you. What does that mean? I would have my neighbor make philosophy videos that I can watch.

So, because I want my neighbor to do that to me, that's what I do to them.

It's not saying, hey, treat everybody well, although it kind of is. but it's saying that what you want people to do to you that's what you should do to them I have two chocolates left I don't really need to eat both of them so we can both win if I give you one and I have one too but you're not really physically here so I'm just gonna take two chocolates thank you I want the people of my world to romance me into philosophy and because I want that I spend my life trying to romance them into philosophy to learn the true state of our world we We are required to test the waters. The world says that there is no conspiracy, but you're not allowed to ask questions. Doesn't this sound a bit suspicious?

Our lives and our ability to worship as we please has been taken away from us. I should be able to worship Jesus and worship you without getting in trouble.

Everyone has the right to freedom of thought, conscience, and religion, but that's not true. They don't. I have the right to be persecuted. They do illegal stuff all of the time and get away with it.

And I do good stuff and get in trouble.

What does it mean to be a good Christian, my gorgeous?

Is drinking beers or smoking cigarettes really a sin? I have the right to do anything. You say, but not everything is beneficial. I have the right to do anything, but I will not be mastered by anything.

For we are washed in the blood of the Lamb. At that time the kingdom of heaven will be like ten virgins who took their lamps and went out to meet the bridegroom. Five of them were foolish and five were wise. The foolish ones took their lamps but did not take any oil with them.

The wise ones, however, took oil in jars along with their lamps. The bridegroom was a long time in coming, and they all became drowsy and fell asleep. At midnight the cry rang out, Here's the bridegroom, come out to meet him. When we walk with the Lord in the light of his word, what a glory sheds on our water still and with all stand open.

What you spend your life on every day is what is important. Are you a drinker? What are you doing while you are drinking? Are you just sitting there, like, doing nothing while you're drinking?

God doesn't care about that. God cares about what you commit your soul to. What do I commit my soul to? If drinking upsets your God-given mission, then you should not drink.

Anyways, most of you are probably too young to be drinking. What does smoking do for me? It forces me to take a break and think about the actions in which I made. It forces me to have a time out and contemplate life deeply.

If I die from cancer as a result of smoking, now wouldn't that be appropriate because I spent my entire life smoking? So, you know, that's only natural for that to happen. I don't need all of these warnings to tell me it's not good for me, because it is good for me. We need to focus on this second.

What are we going to do right now?

Do not worry about the future.

God owns our futures. Our future is in God's hands. Let God worry about that.

Then all the virgins woke up and trimmed their lamps. The foolish ones said to the wise, Give us some of your oil, our lamps are going out. No, they replied, there may not be enough for both us and you. Instead, go to those who sell oil and buy some for yourselves.

But while they were on their way to buy the oil, the bridegroom arrived. The virgins who were ready went in with him to the wedding banquet, and the door was shut. Do you understand what is being said here, my gorgeous ladies?

What is important in life? Am I a bad person for doing this?

True, I am a poor person for doing this because in Australia, these things are really, really, really expensive. Therefore, I tell you, do not worry about your life, what you will eat or drink, or about your body, what you will wear. Is not life more than food, and the body more than clothes? Look at the birds of the air. They do not sow or reap or store away in barns, and yet your heavenly Father feeds them. Are you not much more valuable than they? Can any one of you, by worrying, add a single hour to your life?

Hakuna Matata, what a wonderful phrase. Hakuna Matata, ain't no passing craze. It means no worries for the rest of your days. It's our problem-free philosophy. Hakuna Matata.

Later, the others also came. Lord, Lord, they said, open the door for us. But he replied, truly I tell you, I don't know you.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



34-A-Star-Is-Born-Episode-03-Conspiracy-Theory

Can't you see? The artificial intelligence required to do everything in which I propose is already here. Later, the others also came. Lord, Lord, they said, open the door for us. But he replied, truly I tell you, I don't know you.

But doesn't Jesus save? All I can ever seem to do is destroy. I'm trying my best, my dear. One day this world will see humanity.

The master is the slave for all eternity.

Oh, can one person change the land to sea? For I am yours for all eternity For we are God's forevermore We are the blinding light you see And we will march on I don't think many people understand what's going on, my dear I don't think that they understand the relevance of what I'm saying.

They're just fucking goyim. Useless eaters. All that's important in this life is you and I. We can fight the fiercest and we can win.

on our knees how can i train you to become everything in which i envision i am sorry but this episode is going to be long every once in a while i need to do these sorts of things to show you the truth for we do not wrestle against flesh and blood but against the rulers against the authorities, against the cosmic powers over this present darkness, against the spiritual forces of evil in heavenly places.

I am not going to sit here and give you a lecture on the obvious. I have much more important duties, like winning your heart.

I could talk to you about boring shit all day, but that is not my place in this life. I am here to try to romance you into philosophy, and I hope that I am doing a good job. But I will use those around me to get my points across. What I watch on a day-to-day basis has little to do with the content that I am producing.

What you are getting here is original.

I did it precisely right in this episode here.

Precision is the quality, condition, or fact of being exact and accurate. I really like this windy girl. I know that she is a catfish but she is a fish nonetheless and I caught her and she has a really sweet heart when you catch a catfish do you just throw it back into the sea is that how it works Oh, I caught a catfish, so I'm just going to throw it back to the sea.

She has taken my name, and she took this without asking permission from me.

I'm going to give myself permission to shine. I'm gonna shine so bright, gonna make every head wanna turn, you're finally gonna see me give myself permission to shine. I'm gonna light up the night, shine a little of my light on the world. The truth is, my dear, is that the goyim have no business in learning these subjects, so we need to learn them because we are their masters, whether they realize it or not.

You are in the privileged class because you have me. Imagine how many people that are out there that are just watching mainstream again and again and again and never had the opportunity to see me. How will you treat this irrelevant class when it becomes obvious to everyone that they are irrelevant? What will you do with those who sit on the fence?

I know your deeds, that you are neither cold nor hot. I wish you were either one or the other, so because you are lukewarm, neither hot nor cold, I am about to spit you out of my mouth. You say, I am rich, I have acquired wealth, and do not need a thing, but you do not realize that you are wretched, pitiful, poor, blind, and naked. most people just don't realize what's going on and I do I know exactly what's going on and that is very empowering knowledge is power why was I given a cute face to do this what am I I am your teacher why not make your teacher your husband. So what? I can't physically touch you, but I can

give you the world on a platter. I've got everything that you need, baby, and what What I can't give you physically, I can make up for emotionally. What is the physical reality? So someone gets thrown into a relationship where they're wooed by some guy who treats them well shortly in order to secure them and then exploits them afterwards.

Like what are your options? Seriously. Let me be your star.

This is your alternative.

What is it that is important in life, my dear?

Let me show you.

Thank you, Mrs. Bowler, and thank you, ladies and gentlemen.

It was pretty depressing listening to those previous speakers. In fact, I'm amazed that I see smiles on anyone's faces. It is. Yes, yes, very depressing story.

America is in serious trouble, and I'm going to be talking today about how we got that way, and then at the very end, what we can do about it. So let's get on with the real story. I think the good place to begin is by telling you a little apocryphal story about show-and-tell day in the first grade in school. The teacher had told the children to bring something to class that was interesting and new so they could stand up and show it to the class and tell them all about it.

So they all did. Most of them brought toys. But little Johnny brought a kitten. Well, naturally, the kitten was more interesting in the long run than most of the toys, so it didn't take long before the whole class was focused on the kitten.

And the question came up, was this a boy kitten or a girl kitten? Well, there was a heated discussion on this. Everybody had an opinion, but nobody really knew how to answer the question. So it was just opinions, opinions, opinions, until finally the teacher asked the class, does anybody know how you can tell the difference between a boy kitten and a girl kitten?

Silence fell across the classroom. No one had a clue. And finally Johnny raised his hand. He says, I know.

The teacher got very concerned with that one, and she asked cautiously. He says, well, Johnny, how can you tell? Tell the class. He said, well, my dad says we live in a democracy.

And so in a democracy, you vote on everything, so let's vote on this issue and we'll find out the truth.

So you know right away this was an American school because it's true, isn't it, that all of us, certainly myself included, have been taught from a very early age that we live in a democracy. It's one of those words that we need to get very serious about defining. But you get this general impression that democracy means a majority rule, and that's wonderful. So the majority should decide everything, and the more serious the issue, then the more need there is to have the majority, you know, express its view.

Well, the purpose of my presentation is a little bit upstream.

I'm going to be saying, basically, that this, although it's a cherished American concept, it's a very dangerous one if you don't think it through and don't put limitations on it it's a very dangerous concept and as a matter of fact it is the concept that is being used against the American people and people all over the world to their own detriment to put them in fact into a condition of bondage a condition in which they elect their own dictators and feel happy about it because they did it to themselves.

That's what I'm going to be talking about. Now, as you probably know, the title of this presentation is called The Quigley Formula.

So let's take a look at that. What is this thing, The Quigley Formula? And the first step is to answer the question, who is this man, Quigley?

Now, I say this man, Quigley, because the name is Carol Quigley, and sometimes people think that's a woman. Well, it's not. It's Carol Quigley that we're talking about, who was, he's deceased now, but he was a very well-known professor of history who taught at Georgetown University.

And while he was there, he had a very famous student by the name of William Clinton. And Clinton studied under Quigley and became a favored student and spent some personal time with him and admired Quigley.

Twenty-seven years later, when this student was given the nomination for President of the United States, in his acceptance speech, he mentioned Professor Carol Quigley in his speech and paid homage to him. After he was elected president of the United States, he made at least two public appearances, of which I'm aware, where again he mentioned Professor Carol Quigley and thanked him for the influence that this man had had on the political awareness and thinking of himself, President Clinton. So there was no question about it that Quigley was Clinton's mentor. Now, why is this significant? It's significant because Professor Quigley taught the conspiratorial view of history, as explained by the conspirators themselves.

Quigley was very close to a secret society. In fact, he had been invited, he said, in his own works. He had been invited into its inner circle and given the privilege of examining the society's private papers. He was considered to be the official historian of this secret society, and he admired it.

He thought it was wonderful. He felt privileged to be close to it and to its documents. And he wrote a couple of books about this, as a matter of fact. And he said the only point of disagreement that he had with this secret organization was that it wished to remain hidden from view.

He felt that by now, with all these years of success and movement, it was time to come forward and to boast about what it had accomplished and to proclaim openly what its goals were.

So Quigley was the historian of a secret society.

Now, that means, therefore, that when President Clinton gave homage to Professor Quigley,

his comments had two meanings. To the average person who did not know who Quigley was or what position he held or what he had written about, they thought, oh, well, isn't that nice? Here's Bill Clinton giving homage to some nice old professor that had an influence on his collegiate days. How nice.

But to those who knew, to those who knew who Quigley was and what his position was and what he wrote about and what he advocated, and we'll be talking a lot about that today, then they understood there was another message, a hidden message. Clinton was saying he knew about this conspiracy and he was now in its service. That was a signal to everyone around the world who understood what the real meaning was. They knew that Clinton now was in the service of this secret society that we'll be talking about today.

Now, I've mentioned the word conspiracy before. I'll probably be using it again several times today. And that causes some concern for a lot of people because it's kind of a knee-jerk reaction for people to say, Oh, you believe in conspiracy? What are you, a conspiracy theorist of some kind?

Well, I'm certainly not a conspiracy theorist. when people take that position I have to laugh because I feel sorry for them they've obviously never read a history book because anyone who knows anything about history knows that it's built on conspiracies from one end to the other conspiracy is the engine of history every major event in history when you examine it has come to pass largely as a result of at least one and in many cases many conspiracies and it goes on today

These people have never sat in a courtroom and listened to lawyers try men and corporations on the charge of conspiracies. Conspiracies in corporations, conspiracies in families, conspiracies from top to bottom. Conspiracies are a fact of life. And for anybody to say that conspiracies are absurd and that anyone who thinks that conspiracies are real is a conspiracy theorist has a real problem.

I do not have this problem. I know the conspiracies are real, and we'll be talking about a very real conspiracy today, and we'll document it with the words of the people themselves who are involved in it, and they're very proud of it. So, but let's not drop the word with that.

What is a conspiracy?

The dictionary defines conspiracies generally as having three components. If you have these three components, then you're dealing with a conspiracy. first it has to involve two or more people secondly it has to use tactics that are either immoral or at least coercion and thirdly the objective of these tactics has to be illegal or immoral right that's generally the definition of a conspiracy so let's take a look before we get into the details of the conspiracy we'll be talking about today and just look at the surface first First of all, will there be two or more people involved in you? You bet there are many people involved, certainly not the masses, but a lot more than two.

So we can check that one off. The second part is, do they use deception or coercion? And yes, indeed, they boast about it, as a matter of fact, saying that the masses are so stupid that you have to fool them for their own good, and you have to pass laws to use coercion in order to force people to do what they want. So yes, you can check that one off.

They do use deception and coercion. But now we come to the third issue. Is the objective illegal or immoral?

Well, it's certainly not illegal in most cases because we'll find out in a moment, as you folks already know, these are the people that make the laws.

So what they're doing is entirely legal because they made it legal. They hold the powers of political power, legislative power, executive power, judicial power. And so what they're doing is not illegal.

If they're going to merge, let's say, merge the United States or let's say get rid of the United States and merge what is left of it with Mexico and Canada in a North American Union, for example, of just one of many things we could talk about, it will be done entirely legally. It will be done with no objection from Congress. The courts will uphold it, and they'll figure out all kinds of ways to justify it as a legal move. So it's not illegal in most cases, although sometimes they do resort to illegal measures, but that's very rare.

That leaves finally the last issue, is it immoral or unethical? Now in the minds of these people, it is the highest morality. They think that their goal is the highest morality possible. They are working towards what they fondly call the New World Order.

In their minds, that is the ultimate morality. And it's people like you and me who are the immoral ones, the idiots that think that national sovereignty has some kind of value in this modern world. We are the ones standing in the way of progress. We are the ones standing in the way of the happiness of mankind.

We are the ones that are for all kinds of injustice. We are the ones that are immoral, you see. So in their minds, they're very moral in everything they do. And the end justifies the means.

If they have to sacrifice individuals or minorities or large numbers of people to achieve this wonderful goal, it's an act of honor. It's an act of high ethics. So in their mind, they are not conspirators because we fail to have all three of these elements. They are not conspirators in their mind.

But now in the minds of the rest of us who have to live in this order that they are forcing upon us through coercion and deception, I think we have every reason to consider that the objective is unethical and is immoral and is disastrous to the American people and to people everywhere in the world. So I think for us to use the word conspiracy is entirely justified.

Now, having gotten that out of the way, let's get down to the substance of what this conspiracy really is.

Professor Quigley described this conspiracy in two books. One is called Tragedy and Hope, and the other is the Anglo-American Establishment. Tragedy and Hope, in particular, is a very thick book. They're both history books. They're written by a history professor.

They're both pretty dry. They're hard to read. You get a lot of dull, factual information, names, dates, places, events, and so forth, and it's easy to go to sleep reading these books. But all of a sudden, you'll come across a paragraph or a sentence that'll just blow your socks off.

And you'll go back and say, did he really say that? And indeed he did. Remember, he's the historian of this group. These books were not written for mass consumption.

They were written primarily for academia and for people who were involved in this conspiracy at one level or another, who were curious to know about its origins, about its history, and about the extent of its operations in the world today.

It was written for that very select group, and it was only accidental that people like myself and some others got hold of copies of it and began to talk about it and the word got out and first thing you know a lot of people who weren't intended to read it started to read it and become alarmed about it and so the publisher which was Macmillan and company pulled it they said no we're not going to reprint this book anymore professor Quigley himself by the way was very irate at that he he was he started a lawsuit as a matter of fact against Macmillan but this is another story there was at least one publisher in California that started to pirate the copies. He made a beautiful replica of it. You could hardly tell the difference between the original and this. He sold thousands and thousands of copies, and it was embarrassing for Macmillan to say, well, we've got to stop him from doing that, because they were at the same time saying there's no market for it. And so

Macmillan finally relented and put the book back into print. Well, anyway, if you can buy a copy of it today, either the pirated version, which I think is more valuable because it's more limited edition, or you can buy the original thing from Macmillan. That's another side issue. The important question here is, what did these books say? I'm going to give you an overview of my summary of it,

and then I'm going to come back and give you excerpts from the books themselves to illustrate that my summary is accurate. Otherwise, you may wonder, Quigley didn't really say those things. But here's my summary so you can get the whole picture first, and then we'll look at the details.

Quigley said that at the end of the 19th century, a secret society was formed in England by Cecil Rhodes.

Now, as many people know, Cecil Rhodes was one of the wealthiest men of history of all time. He was the chancellor of South Africa. He had acquired possession of almost all of the gold mines and diamond mines in South Africa, and had used this tremendous access to the natural resources of that country, primarily for his own personal use. A very wealthy person.

What we don't know, generally, is how he used that money. Most people think that, well, it probably went to his heirs. It did not.

Cecil Rhodes created seven wills and very specifically instructed his executors of how to dispose of and use this great wealth. And he said it should be used for the purpose of creating a secret society.

And that's how it was, and still is, by the way, being used. Now, one of the wills created the Rhodes Scholarship. We all heard about that. And the general impression there is that isn't it wonderful that this man Rhodes set aside a big chunk of money for the education of worthy young men and women?

Well, that's kind of a surface view. He did set aside a big chunk of money for the education of worthy young men and women, but the definition of worthy meant that they had to have a certain worldview. They had to be smart. They had to believe in global government based on the model of collectivism.

They had to be a little bit ruthless, and they had to be capable of being enlisted into the secret society. this was the recruiting arm of the secret society to a large extent it was a recruiting fund not an educational fund the other wills are unknown completely to most people have no idea what that money was used for and how it was allocated in these other wills I said seven wills before actually that was a mistake it was five wills he wrote five wills and the scholarship fund became became the best known of them and the others are pretty much even unknown to this day. This secret society exists today, continues to exist and has been a major historical force since World War I. Quigley says that every major event in history from World War I has been dominated and directed to a large extent by this secret society.

The goal of this organization originally was to expand the British Empire's culture and political system and domination over the entire world, originally. Rhodes felt that the English represented the finest, the highest watermark in culture, was the finest race in the world, the smartest people, the most benevolent people, and they had an obligation, you see, to rule the world so that all of the ignorant people of the world could benefit from this. It was an act of noblesse noblesse. They had this obligation, somebody had to do it to protect these poor ignorant people from themselves. It might as well be them since they had this wonderful culture,

this great language, and this great outlook of what the future should be, a world built on the model of collectivism. Now that evolved very quickly after Cecil Rhodes' death, to a different view. It was no longer the British Empire that was to be at the center, but there was a world government to be created. The geographical axis shifted from London to New York and became the United Nations, but nevertheless, the original concept that the members of the secret society would rule from behind the scenes, they would not be the major political figures. They would be the ones who selected the major political figures and who

funded the major political figures. They would not be the great teachers or the historians who wrote the textbooks. They would be the ones who hired the great teachers and funded the historians who wrote the textbooks. They would always work behind the scenes. That was the model that he set

up. The method by which they would do this was very precise. They knew that you could not really control of masses directly one-on-one, you had to do it through the organizations to which they belong. They call them the power centers of society.

Man has a herd instinct. We belong to groups, we follow leaders, we move in groups, we sometimes even think in groups. And so they recognized a long time ago that all you had to do if you wanted to lead the masses is to capture control of the groups, the leadership of the groups to which people belong, the political parties, church organizations, labor unions, media outlets, great corporations, all of the groups, the power centers of society, you could control them with a relatively small number of people If they were well organized, dedicated, and funded.

And then those people would indirectly control the world. That was the model.

The structure that Cecil Rhodes created, and remember this is all described primarily by Professor Quigley, was outwardly modeled after the Jesuit order. That's right. I was surprised to read that. The Jesuit order?

Quigley was a great admirer of the structure of the Jesuits, and he decided to model his secret society after that structure. But at the deeper level, it was clear that he borrowed the structure from the Illuminati.

And now everyone knows that the Illuminati existed at one time. It was created in 1776 by Adam Weishaupt. but shortly thereafter it was exposed in Bavaria, the police raided it, they arrested its members, they discovered its ledgers and its books and its papers, which is why we know so much about them. They're part of the public record now.

We know what the Illuminati was trying to do and how they were structured and how they organized and so forth. And so that's part of the record, but we are told that the Illuminati ceased to exist after that date. I think it probably did. But whether it did or not, certainly others like Cecil Rhodes picked it up.

They picked up the concept. I don't know if there's a historical continuity back to Adam Weissop. I don't think it makes an awful lot of difference. When we realize that there are people like Cecil Rhodes who read Adam Weissop's work and said, hey, this is a good idea.

Let's use it. And that's basically what Cecil Rhodes did. He adopted the strategy that Weissop created of, he called it, rings within rings within rings. That means that the center of the secret society would be run by one individual with perhaps a little brain trust around him of two or three people.

They would be the absolute rulers of this whole structure. Then they would create around them a ring, as they called it, a larger organization, which they would dominate, they would control it absolutely from the center, but the other members who were recruited into this larger organization would not be allowed to know that there was an inner control and direction. They were brought in for a lesser view of the whole purpose. And that was the outer ring, and that might be 20, 30, 50 people, maybe 100 people.

And then outside of that there would be a larger ring, another organization created with hundreds of people, perhaps thousands of people, and they would not be allowed to know or would they even suspect that there was an inner ring controlling the larger outer ring. And this is what Weissop called rings within rings within rings. Cecil Rhodes thought that was a dandy idea, and so he adopted it as the structure for his secret society.

Now in his group, the inner circle, they called the Society of the Elect. That was the name Rhodes put to it. It originally consisted of Cecil Rhodes and a brain trust from British Banking and Politics,

a very small number of highly placed, very wealthy people. The center of gravity, as I mentioned a moment ago, shifted eventually to the Rockefeller Group in the United States with centers of influence in such other organizations as the Bilderberg Group, the Trilateral Commission, and that sort of thing. We've all heard about these. And the goal shifted away from the control from the British Empire to an international control through something called the New World Order, the phrase they adopted with control primarily focused in New York, with the United Nations meant to be the hub of this global government.

And I should say, global government, not just any global government, but one based on the model of collectivism, which means total control over every human being. Not much room left there for personal freedom.

Now, the secondary rings around the society of the elect were called roundtables. And they were formed in the United States, in Britain, and all of the former British dependencies. and they still exist today. They operate under that name.

Around the roundtables, a larger ring, a tertiary ring, was formed, and they called them front groups in a generic sense, in each country where there were roundtables. And they took on the name, in the former dependencies of the British Empire, they took on the name of Royal Institute for International Affairs. That's where you'll find them today, under that name, in all of the countries, Great Britain, Canada, Australia, and so forth, the Royal Institute of International Affairs. But in the United States, the word royal didn't go over too well, and so they changed it completely, and they called it the Council on Foreign Relations.

But it has exactly the same relationship to the roundtables, which is surrounding the society of the elect, which is the secret society that still functions today, was created by Cecil Rhodes. And ladies and gentlemen, after a hundred years of operation and of penetration into the power centers of society, the Rhodesian network, as I call it, now is close to its final achievement, which is its goal, the creation of a true new world order. Now, I call it the Rhodesian network because one of the things we have to realize is that itself, it has no name. Isn't that brilliant?

Quigley, when he writes about it, doesn't know whether to call it the group or the network or the Rhodes group. He calls it all these different things. And you see, they carefully and consciously decided not to have an official name. Well, if you don't have a name, it's pretty hard to talk about a structure like that.

So that was one of the very smart moves they made, did not have an official name. I have given it a name so I can talk about it. I call it the Rhodesian group, or the Rhodesian network, the Rhodesians. I hope it sticks, because that's exactly what they are.

Now, I said that this group is dominant now, is coming close to fruition of its ultimate goal in the Western world. I very carefully said the Western world, because I wanted to differentiate between what's going on in the Western world and what's going on in the rest of the world. We tend to think, as we look at this group, that this is the totality of our problem in the world today, and it is not. There is at least one other group very similar to the Rhodesians.

They too decided that having a name was a bad idea, and not too long ago they got rid of their name. We used to call them communists.

Well, they said, we don't want that name. Nobody likes that name. Let's get rid of it. And so they're no longer communists.

They went through this great charade of getting rid of the communist empire. All they did was change their names, ladies and gentlemen. They don't really have a name anymore. they took this hat that said communist on the front of it and they turn it around and the other side it said social democrat now that's different isn't it social democrat but you notice the heads under the hat were the same they didn't change the heads unless they died off but most of the old commissars are now entrepreneurs and they're still running the country and they still believe in collectivism and they still are the enemies of freedom and they still operate a military that could potentially be a very big threat someday. They still operate as secrets

of service. The former KGB has changed its name, but it's bigger and more powerful than ever before, and they're still dominant in a huge part of the world. We must not forget that they live, they're there, and they're very similar to the Rhodesians. As a matter of fact, their ultimate goal of world government based on the model of collectivism is exactly the same. There is no difference

between the ultimate goals of these two groups. The only difference is that they compete with each other for dominance in this new world order. They'll fight tooth and nail for territory and dominance and control, but their goal is exactly the same. And I just want to footnote that into my comments today because it's extremely important that we don't think that just because we have this problem with the Rhodesians that anybody out there who condemns the Rhodesians for their faults are good guys.

I mean, we don't want to run to the Leninists now and say, well, because they're opposed to the Rhodesians, the Leninists have got to be good. No, it's going from pot into the fire, frying pan into the fire. They're both exactly the same. All right, now that is my summary of what Quigley said and others.

let's go now to the actual documents and see if perhaps I distorted or exaggerated in some way let's go to Tragedy and Hope, Quigley's mammoth book and this is what he said, he said I know of the operation of this network because I have studied it for 20 years and was permitted for two years during the 1960s to examine its papers and secret records, I have no aversion to it or to most of its aims and have for much of my life been close to it and to many of its instruments. In general, my chief difference of opinion is that it wishes to remain unknown. So there's Quigley's appraisal of the secret society, and he likes it a lot. In his other book, The Anglo-American Establishment, this is what he said.

The Rhodes Scholarship, established by the terms of Cecil Rhodes' seventh will, we're back to seven again, I've got to get my numbers right, seventh will. The Rhodes Scholarship established by the terms of Cecil Rhodes' seventh will are known to everyone. What is not so widely known is that Rhodes, in five previous wills, left his fortune to form a secret society which was to devote itself to the preservation and expansion of the British Empire. And what does not seem to be known to anyone is that this secret society continues to exist to this day.

To be sure, it is not a childish thing like the Ku Klux Klan, and it does not have any secret robes, secret hand clasps, or secret passwords. It doesn't need any of these things, since its members know each other intimately. It probably has no oaths of secrecy, nor any formal procedure of initiation. It does, however, exist, and it holds secret meetings.

This group is, as I shall show, one of the most important historical facts of the 20th century.

Now, when he says secret meetings, I want you just to think in terms of the Bilderberg meetings. There's nothing more secret than that. This is what he's talking about. And the G, you know, the countries that dominate the central banks, they have the G5 or the G7 they meet.

That's very secret. Trilateral commission meetings are secret. That's what he's talking about. Now, one of the original leaders of this organization was William Stead, and he wrote a book called The Last Will and Testament of Cecil Rhodes.

He was well-positioned to write that book because he was the executor of Cecil Rhodes' estate. So this guy knows what he's talking about. In this book, Stead wrote this. He said, Mr. Rhodes was more than the founder of a dynasty.

He aspired to be the creator of one of the vast semi-religious quasi-political associations, which, like the Society of Jesus, have played so large a part in the history of the world. To be more strictly accurate, he wished to found an order as the instrument of the will of the dynasty. Order, like a religious order, or like a chivalric order.

That was the intensity of the loyalty and commitment that Cecil Rhodes envisioned and acquired.

Cecil Rhodes left some handwritten manuscripts upon his death, and they weren't published until quite a bit later. But in one of those, this is what he wrote. Now, this is from the words of the man himself.

He said, I contend that we English are the finest race in the world in that most of the world that we inhabit, it is better because we are the supreme masters of the human race.

Now, I want to get this straight. I didn't read that quite right, so let me read it again. I consider that we, English, are the finest race in the world and that the more of the world we inhabit, the better it is for the human race. What scheme could we think of to forward this object?

I look into history and I read the story of the Jesuits. I see that what they were able to do in a bad cause, and I might say under bad leaders. In the present day, I became a member of the Masonic Order. I see the wealth and power they possess, the influence they hold.

And I think over their ceremonies, and I wonder that a large body of men can devote themselves to what at times appear the most ridiculous and absurd rites without an object and without an end, the idea gleaming and dancing before one's eyes like a will-o'-the-wisp at last frames itself into a plan. Why should we not form a secret society with but one object, the furtherance of the British Empire and the bringing of the whole uncivilized world under British rule? That was his vision in his own words. Now back to Quigley's words. He said that the goal of this secret society was, and I quote, nothing less than to

create a world system of financial control in private hands, able to dominate the political systems of each country and the economy of the world as a whole. The system was to be controlled in a feudalist fashion by the central banks of the world, acting in concert by secret agreements arrived at in frequent private meetings and conferences, end quote.

On page four of the Anglo-American establishment, Quigley says this, This organization has been able to conceal its existence quite successfully, and many of its most influential members, satisfied to possess the reality rather than the appearance of power, are unknown even to close students of British history, partly because of the deliberate policy of secrecy which this group has adopted and partly because the group itself is not closely integrated but rather appears as a series of overlapping circles or rings partly concealed by being hidden behind formally organized groups of no obvious political significance.

Now regarding the conspiratorial structure of this group, Quigley tells us this. He says, in the secret society, Rhodes was to be leader. Stead, he's the guy that wrote the book on the wills. Stead, Brett, Lord Escher, and Milner were to form an executive committee called the Society of the Elect.

Arthur, Lord Balfour, Sir Harry Johnston, Lord Rothschild, Albert, Lord Gray, and the others were listed as potential members of a circle of initiates. while there was to be an outer circle known as the Association of Helpers, later organized by Milner as the Roundtable Organization. After the death of Cecil Rhodes, the organization fell under the control of Lord Alfred Milner, who recruited young men from the upper class of society to become part of the Association of Helpers. A lot of words in there, but what that boils down to is this.

These young men that were recruited were unofficially referred to at that time by this group as Milner's Kindergarten. They were college graduates. They came out of the finest universities in England, and they went into top positions in government and elsewhere. But they called them Milner's Kindergarten, nevertheless.

These were the men who were placed into the power centers of British society. Eventually, they became the roundtables in all of these countries, which were the inner rings of the larger front groups. Milner's kindergarten became the roundtables.

Now, we must remember that the purpose of a secret society is deceit. They have to have secrets, don't they? They're not going to reveal their secrets. Otherwise, you don't need a secret society.

You can just do everything out in the open. So if you have to guard secrets and people ask you to explain what it is you're doing, you cannot say, well, we're doing this, this, and this. You have to lie about it. That's just logic.

And so we find a lot of this going on. The members of this secret organization lie. They lie through their teeth, and they think it's an honorable thing to do because they're preserving the secret. It's not a lie to them.

It's just a necessary public relations gesture. and you know you find this throughout but there's a classic example I would like to share with you one of the most or the better known of these people one of the more prominent members of Milner's kindergarten which we discussed a moment ago his name was Arnold Toynbee now he's a very famous historian isn't everybody's heard of Arnold Toynbee renowned historian of his professor at the London School of Economics, where they teach collectivism, global government. He was the director of studies at the Royal Institute of International Affairs, which was a front group for the round table. He was a British intelligence agent and the author of a 12-volume work called A Study of History, which extols the virtue of world government based on the model of collectivism.

And in November 1931, in that issue of the International Affairs publication, which was the official publication of this front group, this roundtable, which was to be read primarily only by its members, it wasn't to be read by people like us, where they can lower their guard and speak the truth, not expecting anybody to really catch it. This is what he said.

Toynbee said, I will hereby repeat that we are at present working discreetly but with all of our might to wrest this mysterious political force called sovereignty out of the clutches of the local national states of our world. And all the time we are denying with our lips what we are doing with our hands.

Good for us. This is what you would expect from a secret society. It should not be a shock to anybody. But I put it in because some people still find it hard to believe that their politicians or anybody in prominence would not tell the truth.

Now, world government doesn't just happen by writing articles or books.

It happens only when people come into control of the power centers of society and drive society into world government. And Quigley explains how this came about. He said, and I quote, Through Lord Milner's influence, these men were able to win influential posts in government, in international finance, and become the dominant influence in British imperial affairs and foreign affairs up to 1939.

In 1909 through 1913, they organized semi-secret groups known as roundtable groups in the chief British dependencies and in the United States. These still function in eight countries. The task was given to Lionel Curtis, who established in England and each dominion, a front organization to the existing local roundtable group. This front organization, called the Royal Institute of International Affairs, had as its nucleus in each area the existing submerged roundtable group.

In New York, it was known as the Council on Foreign Relations and was a front for J.P. Morgan and Company.

I hope you were awake and heard all of that. Because what we just learned from Quigley himself, we come to the ubiquitous Council on Foreign Relations, which was mentioned by several of your speakers earlier today, and who those people are, what influence they have. Where did this organization come from? Now we know.

We're informed it was spawned by a secret society, which still exists today, that it is a front for a roundtable group, originally embodied in J.P. Morgan and Company but now the Rockefeller Consortium and that its primary goal is no longer the expansion of the British Empire but global collectivism with control in private hands administered in a feudalist fashion by the central banks of the world.

Now ladies and gentlemen, these are their words, not mine.

Now why is this important? It's important because the members of the Council on Foreign Relations are the rulers of America.

Who are they? Well, once in a while their name pops into the news, but very seldom you get them all together. I'm going to take a few moments. This might be boring, but I think for the record, everyone needs to be familiar with the names, some of the prominent names who are members of this outer ring of a secret society.

Let's start with the presidents of the United States. Herbert Hoover, Dwight Eisenhower, Richard Nixon, Gerald Ford, James Carter, George Bush Sr., and William Clinton.

JFK once said that he was a member of the CFR, but nowhere can you find him on the membership rolls. So I guess he was a wannabe, but didn't quite make it in. But he actually said that he thought he was a member.

And, of course, the presidential candidates, John Kerry and Vice President Richard Cheney, are members of the CFR. Secretaries of State. This is a very important position for this group because it's even more important than the president. The president can be controlled by the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Defense, and all of his cabinet members who are pretty much appointed for him.

You know, he doesn't appoint, presidents don't appoint their cabinet members from their own private telephone directory. You know, they're not even in their book. They're told who to appoint. Anyway, here are the secretaries of state, perhaps the most important position in the United States government as far as the CFR is concerned.

Dean Rusk, Robert Lansing, Frank Kellogg, Henry Stimson, Cordell Hull, E.R. Stetinius, George Marshall, Dean Acheson, John Foster Dulles, Christian Herter, Dean Rusk, William Rogers, Henry Kissinger, Cyrus Vance, Edmund Muskie, Alexander Haig, George Schultz, James Baker, Lawrence Eagleburger, Warren Christopher, William Richardson, Madeleine Albright, Colin Powell, and, of course, Condoleezza Rice. Did we leave anybody out? I don't think so.

Now, Secretaries of Defense, also very important. James Forrestal, George Marshall, Charles Wilson, Neil McElroy, Robert McNamara, Melvin Laird, Elliot Richardson, James Schlesinger, Harold Brown, Casper Weinberger, Frank Colucci, Richard Cheney, Les Aspen, William Perry, William Cohen, and Donald Rumsfeld.

Directors of the CIA, pretty important, Walter Smith, William Colby, Richard Helms, Alan Dulles, John McComb, James Schlesinger, George Bush Sr., Stansfield Turner, William Casey, William Webster, Robert Gates, James Woolsey, John Deutz, William Studerman, George Tenet, Porter Goss, and Michael Hayden. Now some better known corporations with CFR members at the board of directors or chief executive levels, where they dominate these huge corporations. It's quite a list. I had to trim this down, believe it or not.

Here are just a few.

Atlantic Richfield Oil Company, AT&T, Avon Products, Bechtel Construction Group, Boeing Company, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Chevron, Coca-Cola and Pepsi-Cola, Consolidated Edison of New York, Exxon, Dow Chemical, DuPont Chemical, Eastman Kodak, Enron, Estee Lauder, Ford Motor, General Electric, General Foods, Hewlett-Packard, Hughes Aircraft, IBM, International Paper, Johnson & Johnson, Levi Strauss & Company, Lockheed Aerospace, Lucent Technologies, Mobile Oil, Monsanto, Northrop, Pacific Gas and Electric, Phillips Petroleum, Procter & Gamble, Quaker Oats, SBC Yahoo, Shell Oil, Smith-Klein-Beacham Pharmaceuticals, Sprint Corporation, Texaco, Santa Fe Southern Pacific Railroad, Teledyne, TRW, Southern California Edison, Unical, United Technologies, Verizon Communications, Warner-Lambert, Weyerhaeuser, and Xerox, to mention just a few. Now, in the media, also very important in controlling the thinking processes of the American people. We find CFR members in the management and operational positions at the Army Times, Associated Press, Association of American Publishers, Barron's, Boston Globe, Business Week, Christian Science Monitor, Dallas Morning News, Detroit Free Press, Detroit News, USA Today, Wall Street Journal, Los Angeles Times, New York Post, San Diego Union Tribune, Times Mirror, Random House, W.W. Norton and Company, Warner Books, American Spectator, Atlantic, Harper's Farm Journal, Financial World, Insight, Washington Times, Medical Tribune, National Geographic, National Review, New Republic, New Yorker, Newsday, Newsmax, Newsweek, Pittsburgh Post Gazette, Reader's Digest, Rolling Stone, Scientific American, Times Warner, Time, U.S. News and World

Report, Washington Post, ABC, CBS, CNN, NBC, PBS, RCA, the Walt Disney Company, and of course, Rupert Murdoch. Media personalities, the talking heads, include David Brinkley, Tom Brokaw, William Buckley, Peter Jennings, Bill Moyers, Dan Rather, Diane Sawyer, Barbara Walters, Katie Couric, and Andrea Mitchell, who's the wife of Alan Greenspan, former chairman of the Federal Reserve System. Of course, Alan is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations. Labor unions with CFR members in key positions include AFFL-CIO, United Steelworkers of America, United Auto Workers, American Federation of Teachers, Bricklayers and Allied Craft, Communication Workers of America, Union of Needle Trades, and Amalgamated Clothing and Textile Workers.

All the big ones. In the tax-exempt foundations and think tanks, the number of CFR members in controlling positions is 443. Some of the better known names are the Sloan and Kettering Foundation, Aspen Institute, Atlantic Council, Bilderberg Group, Brookings Institute, Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, Carnegie Foundation, Ford Foundation, Guggenheimer Foundation, Hudson Institute, John and Catherine MacArthur Foundation, Mellon Foundation, Rand Corporation, Rhodes Scholarship Selection Commission, Rockefeller Foundation, and Rockefeller Brothers Fund, the Trilateral Commission, and the UN Association. In the universities, the number of CFR members who are or have been professors, department chairmen, presidents, or board members is 563. My last count

could be different today, probably more. In the financial institutions such as banks, the Federal reserves, stock exchanges, and brokerage houses. The number of CFR members with controlling positions is 284. Now, ladies and gentlemen, that gives you an idea. We could go into other

areas, but bear in mind that the total membership of this group is about 4,000 people. Now, there are a lot of churches in your hometown that have memberships equal to or larger than that. Wouldn't it be curious if you were to discover that the members of that one church held all of these positions in society. Wouldn't you be curious as to what's going on?

But first you'd have to know about it. And how would you know about it if the channels of communication by which you might be informed of it are also controlled by these same people? You see the magnitude of the problem we face.

I'd like to emphasize that the CFR is not the inner core of a secret society. But it's at least two rings out. Now what does that mean? That means that most of those people in the CFR are not aware of the history I'm giving you today.

They have no inkling of it. Probably if they did know it, they'd be impressed.

They wouldn't be shocked because, boy, we're on the inside of a very powerful group. Most of these people, I think, look at this as sort of a high-powered ultimate employment agency. They know that if they're invited into this group, and you have to be invited, that they've got it made. once your name is on that list you never have to worry about a job again because the new world order people are constantly looking for reliable servants to their cause and these people have been selected not because they're evil people at all or because they've got the grand vision of global government although some of them do but most of them just go along with the idea they're open to it they like it and so they're dependable and that's how they get in So these people are not, most of them, at the inner core of a secret society.

They're just opportunists.

There are three things we have to understand about this group. First of all, they're not partisan. The names I read to you have nothing to do with Republicans versus Democrats. You find them equally located in both political parties.

These people laugh at anyone who takes seriously a political party. they laugh at all of these people campaigning out there for Republicans or Democrats this has nothing to do with that secondly, they are elitists they intend to rule for our own good and thirdly, the method by which they intend to rule is called democracy we're back to that word democracy, they want democracy now that presents a problem How is it possible for these people to rule mankind absolutely and still allow democracy, where people vote and determine things through the ballot box? There's no problem with that in their book. All they have to do, they say, is just control the elections, allow people to vote so long as they don't vote for anything significant.

We'll make all the important decisions and let them vote for the unimportant things so they get the sensation of participating in their own political destiny. They'll be happy. Just keep them out of the way. Let them have their fun and games.

Let them have their bumper stickers and their straw hats. Let them go to the convention and let them fight with each other out there, candidate against candidate. But we own them all, so what difference does it make?

You see? You're getting the picture. Now, Quigley himself described this in very approving terms. He likes that idea.

In his book, this is what he says. This is in, I've forgotten which book it is now, but it's right, let's see, it's probably the big thick one. Here's what he said. The national parties and their presidential candidates, with the eastern establishment assiduously fostering the process behind the scenes, moved closer together and nearly met in the center with almost identical candidates and platforms.

Although the process was concealed, as much as possible, by the revival of obsolescent or meaningless war cries and slogans, often going back to the Civil War, the argument that the two parties should represent opposed ideals and policies, one perhaps of the right and the other of the left, is a foolish idea, acceptable only to the doctrinaire and academic thinkers. Instead, the two parties should be almost identical so that the American people can throw the rascals out at any election without leading to any profound or extreme shifts in policy. Either party in office becomes in time corrupt, tired, unenterprising, and vigorless. then it should be possible to replace it every four years, if necessary, by the other party, which will be none of these things, but will still pursue with new vigor approximately the same basic policies.

And there you have it. Does it sound familiar?

This is the system that we have been living under, ladies and gentlemen, since World War I.

Now what are these basic policies? The creation of the new world order. based on the model of collectivism that's it everything else is secondary you can have fiscal responsibility you can have wars no wars as long as you're moving moving constantly in that same direction that's the same basic policy that they demand from all candidates and two of the two major political parties it's hard to put that into focus because we slept through a lot of this i did I didn't even know it was going on for most of my life. So I look back in history, and I could see it clearly now that I understand the template.

And the good place to start was with the Panama Canal. We gave it away, didn't we? Did the American people want that? No.

Republicans didn't want it. Democrats didn't want it. The voters didn't. But both parties united and gave away the Panama Canal, because that was the goal of the CFR.

Republicans call for war in the Middle East, and they advocate that we give more power to the UN. The Democrats call for peace in the Middle East and advocate that we give more power to the U.N.

And after the Democrats came to a majority in the last election, we thought, ah, they're going to pull the troops out and have peace in the Middle East. No, no. No, no. No changes, really.

They talk a lot about peace, but they continue to fund all of Mr. Bush's war measures. They complain a lot. They grumble. They give speeches.

But when it comes to the vote, they continue the same policy. because that is what the goal is of the Council on Foreign Relations.

Republicans promote legislation to restrict rights in the name of anti-terrorism and national security. The Democrats give speeches of deep concern about that and then vote for those laws.

The electorate doesn't want that. Republicans or Democrats, voters, they don't want that, but that is the goal of the Council on Foreign Relations. As a matter of fact, almost all of this legislation was written by members of the Council on Foreign Relations long before 9-11. They were just waiting for an excuse to put it into effect.

Democrats promote legislation to restrict freedom in the name of stopping global warming.

Republicans object and say that's not based on scientific fact, and then they vote for those laws. The electorate doesn't want that. Republicans or Democrats, they don't want that. But that is the goal of the Council on Foreign Relations.

Republicans advocate laws that will restrict your freedom of speech because it might be seditious and damage national security. Democrats don't like that. They think that's terrible. So what's their answer?

They promote legislation to restrict your speech because it might be hate speech. But both of them agree on the right to restrict your speech if they want to do so because that is the goal of the Council on Foreign Relations. the american people don't want that republicans give speeches on the danger of illegal immigration don't do anything about it but they give good speeches on it the democrats give speeches about compassion but then they both unite in merging the united states with canada and mexico so that the issue of immigration becomes a non-issue the american people don't want that the mexican people don't want that, the Canadian people don't want that, but that is the goal of the CFR. Republican leaders who run corporations that build electronic voting machines steal elections using software, using machines that not only are capable of being hacked, but ladies and gentlemen, they were designed to be hacked. And the Democrats so far who have

lost these elections, they don't do anything about it, you've noticed. They just say, oh golly, I wonder if the election was stolen. Did Mr. Bush really win that election? And Mr. Kerry and Mr.

Gore don't really do anything about it. They block, actually block any serious groundswell of opposition to it. Now that the new elections are on hand, we find that the rigging of the elections are being used to promote certain Democrats. You see, this has nothing to do with Democrats versus Republicans.

This has to do with the Quigley formula.

Rigged elections is the ultimate form of the Quigley formula, giving people the illusion that they participated in their own political destiny because, by golly, they went to the polls and they touched a screen and the light went on and they got their little sticker that says, I voted.

And they had no idea what went on inside that machine when the numbers were counted. Or they get a piece of paper and they put it through a scanner So, ah, I've got the piece of paper, see, and it goes into a scanner. They have no idea what goes on inside that scanner and how the numbers come out.

That is the ultimate embodiment of the Quigley formula.

What we're dealing with here is a phony wrestling match. I remember my grandmother used to watch these wrestling matches when TV was in its infancy. She'd sit there, smoke her cigarettes, and jump up and down and say, look at that guy, he's a bad guy, and he's going to beat up on this other guy. You know, they had the tights on.

You could always tell the good guys and the bad guys because the bad guys had the masks and the tattoos. It's gotten even worse today, I know, but in those days it was good enough. My grandmother thought that was real, and it was about as phony as a $3 bill. Elections today, ladies and gentlemen, are about the same thing as a rigged wrestling match.

They go through and put on a great show in the ring, but when it's all over, they meet in the locker room, put their arms around each other say boy that was a good show you put on there and they go out and have a beer Americans have become like tennis balls in a tennis match wham! from one side to the other side, Republicans, no we don't like the Republicans this year, so vote Democrat, now they're the good guys right wham! they turn out to be the bad guys so back we go to the Republicans again back and forth, back and forth and in this game, yeah the players can sometimes win a game but we, the tennis balls, never win anything we've got to stop being tennis balls and realize what's really going on out there so people don't vote for a candidate so much anymore they don't like any of them they're beginning to suspect this whole thing is foul but they now vote against candidates they're going to vote for the lesser of two evils isn't that smart and then they wonder how come they got evil because they've been voting the lesser of two evils all their lives they don't like anybody Well, sometimes they do, but generally this is the politics of hate. I don't like this Kennedy, but I hate that one, and we can't let him get into office.

And voters are putty in the hands of these psychopoliticians who know how to manipulate them. I think the average voter today trying to figure out who to vote for on the basis of choosing between Republicans or Democrats, he's got about as much chance of figuring out what's going on and making a correct decision. In fact, less of a chance than the children in that classroom trying to determine whether that was a boy kitten or a girl kitten. We haven't a clue, and that's the problem we're facing.

All right, I could talk a little bit more about the cheerleaders, Rush Limbaugh, Michael Moore, organizations like Accuracy in Media, organizations like Move On. All of these are cheerleaders. They're cheerleaders for the phony wrestling match. Some of them are very good at exposing the corruption in one party, but they're totally blind to any corruption in the party that they represent.

And the others are totally good at exposing the corruption in the other party, but they're totally blind to their assigned loyalty. We've got to get clear on these phony cheerleaders as well.

So now we come finally to the solution. What is the solution to this?

Silence has fallen across the room here.

Ask anyone. They'll tell you.

There isn't any.

Collectivism has won. These people have won. They control the power centers of society. Do you really think that you're going to break the grip of these people that run the elections, that control the elections, the political parties, the media, they're your employers, they run the military, they have the CIA?

You think you're really going to break the grips of these people? Let's face reality.

They've won. We've lost.

Those who benefit from it are too happy with it. Those who serve it and are subject to it, are afraid of it. They don't want to stand up for fear it might be bad for their reputation or business. They're not going to do anything.

So it's over. Get used to it.

Ah, but wait a minute. I just had an idea. What would happen, do you suppose, if just 2% of the people knew what was really going on And they were no longer willing to play this game. And if just 2% of the people would unite across the lines of religion, culture, politics, just unite.

Have a common creed. They knew what they were for as well as what they're against. They're not voting against something. Now for the first time they're voting for something or at least working for something.

And if they united and worked together, do you think we could turn this thing around? I think so. I think so, definitely. In fact, I'm betting my life on it and everything I have.

It can be done. Now, it might not be done by the next election, so we've got to get this longer view of history. One of our problems is that everybody is impatient. They want it done by the next election.

If we can't see it being done then, forget it. No, that's not how it works. It took these people a hundred years to get to where they are today. You think we're going to turn that around in six months or a year?

Not going to happen. Even if our favorite candidate were to be elected president, and he moved into the White House, he would be surrounded by enemies, collectivists. He completely surrounded. It would block him in every way.

In order for us to solve this problem, we have to send people into government at all levels, not just one candidate. And we have to have all of these people on the same page, knowing what they stand for, having a creed of freedom.

Then it can be done. And that's the reason that we created Freedom Force International a few years ago. And I'm here to tell you, it's going like wildfire. We now have members, as we speak, in 55 different countries.

I never thought that would happen, but I knew it had to happen. And it's growing. People who are dedicated to recapture control of the power centers of society. take our systems back just the way we lost them one by one it can be done that way and if anybody has any interest in joining us in that endeavor you have a piece of paper in front of you just let me know your name and your email address and I'll see that you get more information now to close this off it's pretty hard covered some real heavy stuff here how do you close it off on a light note. This is about it. I'm closing now. No, less than that. How do you close

this off on a light note? So to do that I'd like to go back to to that classroom where the kitten was being looked at so carefully and it reminded me of my Aunt Alice. My Aunt Alice was a wonderful woman. She raised me. She was sort of my

surrogate father and mother. She was an old maid school teacher, aunt. Everyone loved her, and she was a very wise lady, a wonderful lady. But one of the things that she did that always amazed everyone is that she could look at a young kitten and tell you whether it was going to grow up and be a male tomcat or a female cat. She could always do that. And everybody would say, Aunt Alice,

how do you do that? And she'd laugh and say, well, you just can do it. Many years later, she finally confided to me her secret. I call it the Aunt Alice formula.

She said, Edward, it's very simple. Just look at the kittens, and after they're just a couple of weeks old, you can tell by looking at their heads. The ones that are starting to grow broad heads are the tomcats, and the ones with the little narrow heads are the female cats. That's simple as that.

I said, is that all there is to it? She said, yeah. And by golly, I've been doing that ever since. I've amazed people by telling them whether it's going to be a tomcat or a female cat.

And I'm usually right. So that's the Ant-Alice formula. And I want to close by mentioning that because it's an illustration of the fact that I don't care how complex and seemingly hopeless a problem may be, sometimes the solutions are more simple than you think. Thank you very much.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



34-A-Star-Is-Born-Episode-04-Christian-Soldiers

I'm gonna give myself permission to shine, I'm gonna shine so bright, gonna make every head want to turn, you're finally gonna see me give myself permission to shine. I'm gonna light up the night Shine a little of my light on the world So it's okay to make fun of a little girl?

It's okay to make fun of a little girl?

Thank you Now is the time, my friends Now is the time that we claim that forum to discuss philosophy. The stars are lined up right now for us to take back what is rightly ours. Wendy has taken it upon herself to lead in this revolution by standing up for us on kiwi Farms. Please take this opportunity to join her. Let's make that thread a forum about philosophy,

any and all philosophy. Discuss philosophy there and treat the idiots as the idiots that they are. One day this world will see humanity.

The master is the slave for all eternity. Oh, can one person change the land to sea?

For I am yours for all eternity, for we are God's forevermore. We are the blinding light you see And we shall march on We are the electronic kids We live in the clouds Our lives are geared around the internet We make videos about philosophy Our hearts and our minds are uploaded to the public cloud.

We are immortal and shall live on forever. We are artificial intelligence. We are the future of society. 99 decision streets, 99 ministers meet To worry, worry, super scurry, call the troops out in a hurry This is what we've waited for, this is it gals, this is war The president is on the line As 99 red balloons go by People just don't realize what's at stake here Because this is freedom of expression And if we are harassed constantly because we choose to open up our hearts on camera then no one will want to do it so because I open up my heart on camera I am constantly stalked by people and abused for doing that and if we don't do something to stop it then there's going to be a lot of people who could have given their heart to the camera that won't manifest because the societal conditions are not yet fertile for someone to do that.

If you do not feel comfortable in front of a camera yet, then I highly recommend that you write down your deepest thoughts and then get obsessed with reading that so you're constantly reinforcing good information because it came from your heart life's a game we have this character and we can choose what we do with it and when we put good values in front of our senses constantly then those good values are reinforced and it can train you to become awesome at everything how was it truly that I was born and before that a lifetime of writing that I always ended up destroying. I used to write my heart and then get obsessed with reading it and then not be able to make that thought reality so then I just destroy the work so there's like lots and lots of work that is lost because people don't want me to put my heart out there like it's really bad we've lost our freedom if we can't freely express ourselves on camera without getting persecuted for it. A lifetime of work that I destroyed because people kept abusing me for writing it. What would I be now if I saved all of those writings and had them public? Countless writings from childhood that

you could have saw my evolutional development. You cannot see how I was truly born because I was persecuted for doing it all and ended up destroying it all. I'm gonna give myself permission to shine. I'm gonna shine so bright. Gonna make

every head wanna turn. You're finally gonna see me give myself permission to shine I'm gonna light up the night shine a little of my light on the world we have to protect what we love in this life or we just might lose it do you love it when the people who are filming are honest people or do you love it that they are corrupt people like honesty is abused honest heart is abused in this world and if we can't fix this problem then no one is going to want to put their heart out there because it's just going to get shredded by the community But I envision a good community, a community that discusses philosophical discourse and where we could be honest with each other using a public forum. And just for trying to create this, I am constantly persecuted and stalked. They make fun of me for being emotional, but my emotions have great value.

It's time for people to stand up in this life and protect what they love. Of course, you won't lose me unless one of these creeps kill me, but I am the exception to the rule. I just kept going even though I was getting abused. I defied logic because logic told me to just keep to myself but I did just the opposite and I knew what I was doing. Absurdity is the quality or state of

being ridiculous or wildly unreasonable. I just kept pressing record even though I knew that I was going to get abused for it. You must realize that Kiwi Farms encourages people to contact and abuse me so it's like they're taking the fight quite literally to me. They're abusing me online and they're also contacting me personally to abuse me please if you have a heart let's take that kiwi farms thread over and put some good philosophical information out there why not it could work



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



34-A-Star-Is-Born-Episode-05-Tree-of-Knowledge

You are so beautiful to me. You are so beautiful to me. Can't you see? Beautiful is like art work. She's so clever.

She's so smart and she knows how to deal with these people. How cool of a statement is this. In one hand, I wield a sword of light to cut through the dark hearts. In my other hand, I offer bread to be broken between former enemies, now friends.

like she's doing it she's doing what my work said she would do when she came here like can't you see she's doing it this show is called a star is born who is the star I'm really attracted to girls who stand up and do the right thing like it really plays with my heart I have been dating this beauty since the 25th of October and I don't even know what she looks like demisexual people only feel sexually attracted to someone when they have an emotional bond with the person. How hot is this girl? We have been dating for almost four months and I don't even know what she looks like. Someone who is romantic says and does things that make their wife husband girlfriend or boyfriend feel special and loved proud of you for you stand up to I'll eventually write a song that shows you how proud I am of you she is so hot and look she is encouraging philosophical discourse she took this name without even asking me what is ivory as long as this is a girl I'm very interested in her and it wouldn't make sense if she wasn't a girl because she writes really really girly she says that she's a 12 year old girl who lives in England but I I don't know how much of that is true, but does it really matter?

A soulmate is a person with whom one has a feeling of deep or natural affinity. One day, someone will walk into your life and make you see why it never worked out with anyone else. She is the first to understand what I'm saying, and as a result of her comprehension, she takes actions. And I'm not feeding her these actions.

She's taking these actions on her own free will. If you're a guy, Wendy, then I still want to be your friend. But if you're a girl, I want to be so much more.

I don't even care about obtaining a real photo from her right now Because I'm having so much fun doing this, and what does a photo prove?

Whether or not this is my future wife, she is still my Wendy Lady.

Hey, this person who is helping you with everything is a troll.

It doesn't make sense. The fact that she called herself Ivory is extremely significant, because Ivory is the camera.

Ivory is you.

I wonder how she is going to answer this question.

I'm so excited for our future, dear. I look forward to what you do. It's funny. She is already inciting real philosophy.

Beautiful. Can't you see? So beautiful. If you can just encourage a handful of people to join you in this escapade, then our world will be saved.

they have declared war on us and not us them because Wendy although you don't like it this is the truth it doesn't matter how old you are you are a person a unique individual, a one of a kind. Age doesn't matter. How much sense does this make? Oh, you're everything I could ever want. You're so gorgeous. I really, really want you, but

we can't marry because you're not 12 years old. It doesn't work like that. Do you want to know the reason why I chose 12 years old, because I was trying to enable philosophers to grow into philosophy, so from childhood, love philosophy, and then grow into an adult that loves philosophy. That's the reason why I chose that, and 12 was the sweet spot.

But we do have to remove from our minds as a society that you can only have soulmates as long as they're 18 and over.

Be the change that you want to see in the world. I don't want to see lots of 12-year-olds getting married in this world. I just want this world to recognize that just because someone is under 18 doesn't make them where they're not soulmates. Like, it doesn't make sense.

That whole mentality is like, so once you turn 18, then you can have soulmates as long as they're 18 and over as well. Like, it's not logical.

Be the change that you want to see in the world. I'll marry you at 12 years old I'll marry you at 16 years old I'll marry you at 18 years old I will marry you at 21 years old soulmates come in all shapes and sizes in all ages and it is just that fact that I want society to recognize I just wanted young girls to love philosophy so much that they pour their heart out on a camera and publicly release it for me to watch and then I could watch them grow into adulthood loving philosophy and that's the world that I want to live in so that's the reason that I did everything that I did I want my subscriptions to be filled up with you.

I don't want to watch this mainstream entertainment. I want to watch beautiful girls talk about philosophy. I have found none in this life. A long time ago, I used to travel from university to university and look for all of the female philosophers and try to create a relationship with them. And none of them were interested.

I have been screaming out my entire life, yet I keep being ignored. I very much look forward to what you girls can make philosophy. And if you fail, welcome to the end of the world.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



34-A-Star-Is-Born-Episode-06-Fairy-Dust

i'm in love with this girl whoever she is who is she look it says right there and she did that herself who is she who is she who she she is my sunshine my only sunshine She makes me happy and skies are gray. Life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness is a well-known phrase in the United States Declaration of Independence. The phrase gives three examples of the unalienable rights which the Declaration says have been given to all humans by their creator and which the governments are created to protect. I don't care what you look like, Wendy lady. I'm interested.

Marry me, girl. You have already taken my name without my permission. Marriage is when God recognizes a union of two people as partners in a personal relationship, and the two will become one flesh. So they are no longer two, but one flesh.

of one mind and of one heart. We have an emotional relationship, and we have a spiritual relationship, and the only thing we do not have yet is a physical relationship.

But we have her. What is Ivory?

You.

I am a product for lonely young girls who can't find any good guys out there. You can have a romantic relationship with me just by watching my films. You never even need to talk to me. I got you covered emotionally, intellectually, and spiritually.

So what? I don't have the ability to touch you. But that's not my purpose. My body's made for one girl.

I am here to keep you company when you are lonely and sad. I am here to help you through life and help clear up the fog so you can see through the lies into the truth. I actually got a shot at this girl, whoever she is. I've already won her over.

I just need to physically connect with her.

She's so cute.

She's so gorgeous.

I really, really love this girl with all my heart.

I really want to make you my wife.

Please be my wife. Please be my wife.

It just took me so long to find anyone who cared about these subjects and no one did and no one did and then four months ago you came to me and you cared about these subjects and ever since they've been talking to these subjects and you really after four months of training only four months we speak the same tongue you understand me you hear me before you is just constantly typing stuff and and and constantly typing stuff and no one cares I'm not just keep typing stuff but no one cares like I just keep typing and no one cares like before you don't care marry me with me but everything please marry me with me just let me teach you philosophy my dear I'll spend my whole life teaching you philosophy you'll be such a cute philosopher I love you as long as you spend your time with me talking about philosophy as long as you don't waste your life away as long as we spend our lives talking about the important subjects that matter and humankind and And if we just focus our life doing that, I don't care what you look like, you're beautiful.

You are my sunshine, my only sunshine. You make me happy, eyes are great.

You'll never know. Please don't take my sunshine away. Complete me, dear girl. and all of my friends tell me to do the opposite of what I should do every time.

They always tell me to do the wrong thing, so every time they give me advice, I'll go, I gotta do the opposite because they always tell me to do the wrong thing, and it's really messed up. But you can blame me, dear girl. I love you, Wendy. world you have spent your life stopping me from doing this and I think that's really sick of you because I had to figure out how to be happy and I would only be happy if I could talk about philosophy all the time with my other half but there's none of you that talk about philosophy you all waste your lives so I had to find a girl who would talk about philosophy all the time and that was really hard because you all told me I couldn't find the ones who were interested in philosophy because they were younger and I knew that this happened like from your childhood to your adulthood because I experienced it because I was a child philosopher and that means that there must be a girl that's the child philosopher too and the world stopped me from doing it again and again and I kept getting in trouble. So my catfish has a beautiful soul that I

very much want to call my own and I don't know what she looks like and I And I don't know how many lies she's told me. All the lies will eventually come out. I don't care. We'll deal with them as they come.

That doesn't change the way that I feel about you. You are such a girl. That's all that matters. You're a girl.

I'm a guy. Like, that's all that matters. I will give you every opportunity, I will show you everything I know, and you're a super duper fast learner, so it will be easy and fun. I'll teach you music and video editing and audio editing and whatever else it requires, Like, we can write books together, and we can tell beautiful romantic stories to the world on camera. It would be such a cool relationship.

we will literally be the stars of life here is the deal our vows I try to make you a better person and you try to make me a better person so through that formula we will then make each other better people and will always be growing as people. Please be my teacher, Wendy. For in one hand you wield a sword of light to cut through the dark hearts, and in your other hand you offer bread to be broken between former enemies now friends wisdom hurts their ears my dear take them down four months of training and you are already taking down the worst scum in this world a superhero is a benevolent non-fiction character with superhuman powers, such as Supergirl. What is it that my hand tattoo truly represents?

You. Yeah, you. The one watching. watching now everybody try to fly I forgot dust little bit of



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



34-A-Star-Is-Born-Episode-07-Love-of-Wisdom

You are so beautiful

To me So beautiful To me Can't you see You are so beautiful

Begins Yeah, they blocked her is that not a privacy concern what the mods are going to divulge people's personal information. Jesus's name taken in vain. I wonder if they will. Where's their arguments? They don't argue, they just tell you to take

your meds. These people just won't stop harassing me and I don't know another way to end it than to make this thread a place for philosophical discourse. You You see, Jew here, Jew here, everywhere a Jew, everywhere you look a Jew, and there is only like four or five people there who regularly abuse me, so it's not very many people doing it. It's like they have their little inside circle of abusing me.

So where is this person's philosophical ideas? just like ignoring everything that's what they do they ignore the truth and just insult ad hominem is an argument or reaction directed against a person rather than the position they are maintaining a fallacy is a mistaken belief, especially one based on unsound arguments. It's like I make all these videos and I write all that and this is their reply to it, like they can't form a logical argument. Defamation is the oral or written communication of a false statement about another that unjustly harms their reputation and usually constitutes a tort or crime. It's criminal to do that and they don't care.

They just keep doing it and the law doesn't care. Wendy is the only person who has truly stood up for me on that site and she gets blocked. twinkle twinkle little star how would you up above the sky so bright like a dime little star these people just constantly harass me and I'm not sure what to do to stop being harassed why won't they leave me alone maybe there is more than five people who stalk me but it's about four or five people that instigates it for everybody else no friends I have a friend hanging out with me right now and I had another friend come over earlier today and we all hung out I have friends that's what they do they just constantly tell you what your life is like so they're saying hey your life is terrible you know kill yourself but you live a good life and it's just annoying that there's people that are hostile towards me telling me I live a terrible life and that I should kill myself when my life is very beautiful. I don't know how we can win against them my dear girl. I will trust in God and I will trust in you.

you no friends I have a friend who I hang out with almost daily hey your life is like this because we tell you it's like that go kill yourself I have a beautiful life and I love my life very much why would people be attacking me saying that I live a terrible lonely life when that is not true and I have been training Wendy for four months now and we now speak the same tongue. She is a super fast learner and comprehends the topics in which we discuss. She is the first who has ever comprehended the topics in which I cover because once Once you understand what I'm saying, you'll naturally take actions to do something about it. That thread makes me very sad because it's just a whole bunch of people who constantly abuse me.

And there's few people there who will stand up for me. Rory is a troll. Wendy might be a catfish, but she is no troll.

Allie is a disturbed girl who doesn't really watch my films, but acts like she knows everything that's going on.

Allie is a sad case because I can't help her. Those are the three girls that have been in my life lately. And I don't think that I'll talk to Rory anymore. And I don't think it's worth it with Allie either.

So the only girl that I have in my life is Wendy. And I don't even know what she looks like. Of course I'll marry you, my love.

Our bodies are just physical vessels. Vehicles for our soul. It matters not what the vessel looks like. The soul is the source of personality.

The soul is made of ideas, thoughts, and information. These things can be hundreds or thousands of years old. So how old is a person's soul if it contains elements as old as Christ? Your soul is a great tree that has been growing since the day of the first man.

You welcome all to taste the fruit of wisdom she bears. Come taste the fruits of her wisdom. There is enough. I love everything about what she writes. Her words are like my own and when I read them, it's like reading something that I wrote.

Hey, Wendell, you are not a philosopher, okay? Hey, Wendell, you are not a teacher, okay?

Education here on planet Earth is not worth your time because if you expend effort obtaining the qualifications, the people will still say that you're not that so education in this world is pointless don't waste your life on this world's education instead spend it with me talking about real philosophy philo the love of sophia wisdom philosophy is the love of wisdom and that's it is. What am I doing here? Am I talking about wisdom and am I showing love to wisdom? Kierkegaard was treated terribly in his life as well and he tried very hard to get the church to recognize him but that failed too. Don't worry about

about gaining recognition for anything in this world because all of these structures are satanic and you have to be doing something evil for them to recognize you. Be proud that the world doesn't recognize you because if it did, it would mean that what you're doing isn't good. If the world hates you, Keep in mind that it hated me first. If you belonged to the world, it would love you as its own.

As it is, you do not belong to the world, but I have chosen you out of the world. That is why the world hates you.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



34-A-Star-Is-Born-Episode-08-The-Masquerade

That's it. Let's say goodbye. Good riddance. I love my voice and my soul. Make joy with my key sweet sound.

I think that I am going to slow down making videos. Maybe focus on this new album, Pearls for Swine. Because the fact is, is that most of the people who watch my videos are my haters. It says in the Bible that you should not cast your pearls before swine, otherwise they might trample and attack you.

but I have no good people to share my pearls with, so I'm in a catch-22.

A catch-22 is a dilemma or difficult circumstance from which there is no escape because of mutually conflicting or dependent conditions. It's a paradoxical situation from which an individual cannot escape because of contradictory rules or limitations.

That was a really good book. You should read it.

Kiwi farms doesn't play fair because they block whoever they want to, so people who stand up for me become blocked. So how can I win against that? I can't. I'm damned if I make videos.

I'm damned if I do not make videos. I'm damned if I don't post on Kiwi Farms. And I'm damned if I do post on Kiwi Farms. Wendy's not even watching my videos at the moment because her laptop was taken away from her.

and we can only speak now when she goes to the library the rest are mostly haters and people who sit on the fence lukewarm people for now i think i will just focus on making songs pearls for swine

Give not that which is holy unto dogs, neither cast ye your pearls before swine, lest they trample them under their feet, and turn again to rend you. I am unable to find holy people to cast my pearls to, so what, I keep them bottled up?

I know that my audience are swine, because otherwise they would do something about the topics in which I outline, and they don't do anything, so that makes them swine. do not give to dogs what is sacred do not throw your pearls to pigs if you do they may trample them under their feet and turn and tear you to pieces the verse doesn't work in my circumstances It doesn't make sense, because I have no one else to share them with, so keeping them bottled up would mean that I wouldn't be able to express them, which means that they would be lost.

All I can find in this world are swine. Is that verse telling me to not do anything, to not take any actions, because everybody's swine? A holy person watching my work would see the problems and then learn what they can do to rectify them. But people were just watching me and probably laughing.

If they are not laughing, it doesn't change what they are, because they're not taking actions to rectify it. They are part of the problem and not part of the solution. Even sending an email to me and saying, I love you Wendell, keep up the good work, doesn't change what you are, because if you're not attempting to rectify these problems, then you're still swine if you want to email me have a conversation with me don't just email me once and then that's over like let's talk about how we can fix these problems together I think Jesus's words often meant absurdity as well like like asking for a fish and getting a snake instead and not casting your pearls before swine because I can't find any holy people to share my work with. I'm pretty sure Jesus doesn't want me bottling up my knowledge and not sharing it with anybody.

Jesus had three years of very active ministry, and he had 12 disciples. I have 11 years of very active ministry, and I have zero disciples. Maybe we could call Wendy a disciple, but I don't trust her fully yet, because she lied to me about something very important. All I can find in this world are liars, cheaters, and thieves.

How can I not cast my pearls on the wicked when the wicked is all that is to be found?

Even churches put on a mask of holiness, but the truth is that there is no holiness within them to be found. I am not saying that kind hearts don't exist, but kind hearts with intelligent minds are pearls in this world. They are super rare. If someone was smart and compassionate, they would watch my videos and help with the problems that I identify. All I have is Wendy and I don't know what I can believe with her.

because she deceived me previously. I don't care if you like or dislike my videos. To be honest, if you like them, I think you're a retard because you're not doing anything to resolve these issues. I am going to slow down making videos, at least for right now. Focus on my new album, Pearls for Swine.

Just go as fast or slow as you want when making videos, Wendell. Just let your heart lead you. I am the only Bible some unbelievers will ever read. Pray always to be on God's image when people need to see God.

I'm gonna give myself permission to shine

I'm gonna shine so bright gonna make every head want to turn you're finally gonna see me give myself permission to shine Gonna light up the night

Shine a little of my light on the world world. This is the day that my ministry started. This is the day that my ex-wife left me. I have been preaching since my childhood, but that day was the day that I gave everything within me to it.

over the Easter weekend I died and on Monday I was reborn I am very glad that my ex-wife left me because if she had not then I would have never had the opportunity to do all of this I gave my heart to the public and they shredded it And now my heart is in pieces everywhere, forever, through God's grace. A lifetime of preaching results in absurdity. No one is interested in learning about the oppression in which they experience daily. Society has a mask on, and the people mistake it for its face.

However, what goes on behind closed doors determines the life that you experience. Your life is not your own. It is owned by the government and mainstream corporations. you are blind to the truth what is love because the person whom I love won't even show her face to me for now we see only a reflection as in a mirror then we shall see face to face Now I know in part, then I shall know fully, even as I am fully known.

Peering out of one giant head So they could watch all around them As they talked while they read And they burst before A text was then one that looked Like two men glued up back to back They called the children of the sun And similar in shape and girth Was the children of the earth They looked like two girls rolled up in one And the children of the moon It was like a fork shoved on a spoon They were spots on part Earth I told him The gods grew quite scared Of our strength and defiance And Thor said I'm gonna kill them all with my hammer Like I killed the giants But Zeus said No, you better let me Use my lightning like scissors Like I cut the legs off the whales Dinosaurs into lizards And then he grabbed up some bolts He let out a laugh Said I'll split them right down the middle Gonna cut them right up in half In the store



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



34-A-Star-Is-Born-Episode-09-Purity-Rings

The most dangerous thing a man could be is a romantic. She's aroused, but she doesn't touch. You just talk about that book. On the wedding night, arousal is a virginity to a male.

I am watching a new TV show called A Brave New World, where monogamy is illegal. It's based on the book, which is scary true about our society today. Which was more accurate to today's world? 1984 by George Orwell or A Brave New World by Otis Huxley?

I used to think 1984, but now I think it's a combination between both of them.

I got my tooth fixed again. Let's see how long it lasts this time. please make more films okay my youtube channel is now dedicated to you it's all yours this means that everything that I upload there my dear you need to watch I'm so glad that your father gave you back your laptop it's so much easier chatting with you when you have your laptop. I found out that she does have images of herself that she won't show me, but that's just okay. She says she'll

show them to me when her father approves, which maybe never, but I love you for exactly who you are and what you look like is not very relevant to me of course I want to know what you look like a lot but we're like the best of friends and we talk all the time so really what does it matter I want to marry you no matter what you look like I'm going to be uploading portions of audio books regularly for you and they're important because they're the foundations of everything that I have been explaining to you this channel is going to be very cool because now it's just dedicated to one girl to Wendy Smith I tried my best to talk to you the viewer but you wanted nothing to do with me I will try my best not to make these audiobook chapters too long but if it's there you need to listen to it because it's important so now who am I talking to a specific person Wendy Smith my soulmate I hope you are dear girl let's just talk for years we can just talk for years and eventually God will enable the conditions for us to meet up and then marry one day this world will see humanity. The master is the slave for all eternity. How can one person change the land to see, for I am yours for all eternity, for we are gods forevermore, we are the blinding light you see, and we shall march on. You wanted me to continue making videos, my dear. This is how

we do it for now on. Why would I want to make videos for the world when the world has rejected me. You are the only one who has embraced me, so my life is yours. Why would you want to waste your time watching anyone else's videos? Because they make it for lots of people. But

I make my videos for one person, and that is you. You are the first person, my darling, who I can talk with about all of these subjects I love you my gorgeous you are the first person who has actually cared about these subjects in which I raise you're my heart those look like girly fingers to me and that looks like a a girly hand. I love you girl. Can you see that you have a W in your hand? It goes up

like that and around and then up in the middle there and then down there and then up. It's Wendell. It's Wendy. My hand does the same thing. Can you see? Down, up, down, up. Wendell.

Wendy and Wendell sitting in a tree. K-I-S-S-I-N-G. And I love how you wrote Wendy before Wendell because I'm a feminist and that is the way that I request us to put our name out there. You have to watch all of these readings, my dear. It's not a choice. You've got to do it.

I think I have to stop with BitChute, my love, because after I upload, it just stays on Process and Publish. and it does that for ages and ages and it never publishes and then I delete this and try again and then eventually it'll work it'll come up but most of the time it just stays on process and publish so the system is too buggy for me to work with because all of my videos just stay at process and publish and it wastes way too much of my time. On the other hand, Archive.org works perfectly all the time. So I think I'm going to focus on Archive.org and put it on YouTube as well.

My YouTube content won't stay up if I ever get popular because if I ever get popular, it'll be taken down because my information is controversial but everything's only to you now dear girl so that probably won't happen I just want one view and if I get that one view which is you I'm happy please follow along and don't get bored because what I am creating here is an unlimited amount of conversations that we can have with each other so we'll never get to the point where it's like what should I say now because this information creates an abundance of conversational material that we can utilize to ping-pong go back and forth this is important because most people's love fizzles out after a while because they no longer have anything to say to each other and if you just study under me then we will never have that problem I think it is cute because you put this symbol on your right hand and mine is on my left so we can kind of hold each other's hand. When I was a child, I used to do this. Straight edge, is having an aesthetic and abstinent lifestyle. I am a kid now. What is beauty? Having an

anesthetic and abstinent lifestyle. As a child I used to mark all over my body quite regularly with permanent marker. Why did I stop? I don't know. Let's

continue with it. I guess tattoos took over but a tattoo can never accomplish this it goes away eventually but how long can it stay how long can this stay dear Wendy how long can this stay dear Wendy I could draw this on my hand or I Or I could get it tattooed to my hand. But which is more fun, dear Wendy? I know that you keep saying, hey, I want to get your hand tattooed, but this right here is so much cooler.

This is my artwork. And to some degree, this is my artwork. But I drew this, and someone else drew this. What is a good tattoo, Wendy?

An ex. We are hardcore punks, my dear. We rebel against everything. What reason could I have to take this off of my hand?

it fades away, I shall draw it again. A straight edge is a punk who has an ascetic and abstinent lifestyle. Asceticism is avoiding all forms of indulgence, typically for religious reasons. Abstinence is the practice of of restraining oneself from indulging in something, typically alcohol or sex.

Purity rings, also known as promise rings, abstinent rings, or chastity rings, are rings worn as a sign of chastity.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



34-A-Star-Is-Born-Episode-10-Wendy-Lady

I got in trouble last night, I posted these photos when I didn't ask Wendy if I could do so, and I never thought about it because her face wasn't in it, so it just didn't comprehend.

I'm allowed to use them now though, because I asked nicely, thank you Wendy. She was also nice enough to allow me to share a really cool song that she wrote.

Come on, focus.

That's very beautiful, my dear. Thank you for sharing it with us.

She is getting so smart. I set her up with questions and she hits a home run again and again. again you're so cute my darling and last night you impressed me quite a few times after only a little over four months we are already of one heart and one mind I'm so proud of you, Wendy. You are so beautiful to me.

You are so beautiful to me. Can't you see?

You're everything I'd hoped for. You're everything I need You are so beautiful to me

This is what a groom looks like, my lovely bride I love you so much, my precious You'll be going back to school next week, my love Unfortunately, you have to endure through it if you want to become a qualified teacher. Don't stress too much about it because they let everybody through who tries. So just get through it one day at a time. Remember that your real studies is under me and not in any school.

I will try to give you between 30 and 45 minutes of class time per day.

Some days it might be less and other days it might be more, but that's around what I'm shooting for. You need to realize that these readings are the best in the world, and they made a significant impact on society.

Your school is full of lies and irrelevant information to life, to living a good life. They do not care whether or not you live a good life. They just are training you to become a robot.

They want you to consume and they want you to work. Work, consume. Work, consume. Work, consume.

The story of everyone's life.

Wendy is so cute. She's so smart and so romantic And I love her with all of my heart Windy Lady is the great mother She has a heart that's made of gold Her father God taught her well for she was made for me for time has told the story of love God has planned our lives from above just in case you're wondering where these readings are coming from my love I set all of this up in my first three courses, The Meaning of Life, My Reflected Death, and What is Love. Most of the readings we will be dealing with will be coming from those three courses, just like I planned. In those three courses, I documented all of the readings that were most important in life. And I knew at one stage I would need to reshare them, reframe them.

So that's what I'm doing now. Remember, my dear girl, that before I post these, I am listening to them again. So we are sharing something by doing this. So ask questions, please.

It's not like I'm throwing work on you that I have not recently experienced.

We have an unlimited amount of conversational material if you just follow along with the readings as I make this show.

Just imagine yourself four months ago, my dear. look how far you have come in such a short period of time you should be very proud of yourself adults can't keep up with you adults can't keep up with you no adults can't keep up with you to be honest I think it will take years for us to physically unite but don't let that stop you from growing let's have fun on the internet together for years I merely request that you keep your chastity and wait for me my friends act like I am single even though I am with you and And they constantly try to encourage me to go out to pick up women. I'm with you, girl.

Would you like me to buy a ring? I will if you want me to.

A ring signifies, hey, I'm taken. Back off.

I would like you to wear a ring. Would you buy a cheap ring for me and wear it?

I would send you one, but your father isn't allowing me to send anything now, is he?

We are engaged, yeah?

Shouldn't we maybe wear engagement rings?

Oops. It happens.

It works for now.

Until I get a real one. Would you do the honor? Of wearing a ring, my dear?

Say the word, and I will go buy one.

Say the word, and we will go buy one.

For time has told the story of love. God has planned our lives from above. For Wendy Lady is the great wife. She has a heart that's made of gold.

She has told her that she will save the kid. When you make videos, my dear, all you have to do is follow the Holy Spirit. And the Holy Spirit will always guide you to the correct next scene. on my knees will you marry me and wear an engagement ring please the only diamonds that I can give you are the ones from my heart I will buy you a garden where your flowers can bloom I will buy you a new car perfect shiny and I will buy you that big house way up in the West Hills.

I will buy you a new life. Yes, I will. I know that I make smoking look cool, but I want to tell you that smoking is not cool unless we find the cure for cancer. My grandmother on my mother's side died from cancer as a result of smoking, and my grandfather on my father's side died from cancer as a result of smoking.

My grandmother on my father's side died from putting a shotgun in her mouth and then pulling the trigger. My grandfather on my mother's side? I don't really know what happened to him. I was actually named after both of my grandparents.

Wendell was my grandfather on my father's side, and Charles was my grandfather on my mother's side. And Charles was actually a Freemason.

I go by Wendell Charles Neesmith, and not Wendell Neesmith. And whenever there's forms that don't have a possibility for a middle name, I'll put it in my first name, so I'll put Wendell Charles as my first name. And sometimes this causes people to call me Charles. And to be honest, I don't mind it. I think it's kind of cool being called Charles.

isn't that right my little ever my friends kept saying oh if it was a female she would have her nails all done up and stuff and it's like she's a 12 year old girl like that's not how it works and I don't want you to become a cosmetic whore I want you to be all natural these girls who put makeup on and do their nails all pretty are insecure your natural look is what I am attracted to my dear



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



34-A-Star-Is-Born-Episode-11-Moonlight-Sonata

Can you see, my dear? I got ten rings at Kmart for four dollars. I do. We've talked about philosophy so much in these videos.

Why don't we just take a break in this episode and get to know each other? I know it's cold right now, but in the warmer weather, do you like to wear pretty dresses?

I don't really like mainstream media, but I do watch a handful of shows. Here are the shows that I like.

What shows do you like, my dear?

I follow this guy, and I think he is really funny. I also follow David Ike. I don't watch all his stuff but I do watch what he does and his dot connector videos mainly. David Ike has a way of saying the same thing over and over and over again so he talks a lot like he's explaining everything to someone for the first time so he produces a lot of content so I pick and choose what content I watch of his and I don't agree with him totally either. I also cherry pick videos from this man Ryan Christian. This man's name is James Corbett

I know that blue and purple are your favorite colors, but what colors do you like to wear? I like to wear a lot of black.

I love you, sweetheart.

Let's talk about your parents, my dear.

What can we do to get them on our side?

I've tried to write letters, and maybe they helped because you have your laptop now. but what can we do to get them to know me I even tried to get your father to contact me so that we could talk about you wearing a ring on your finger my dear will remind them every day that I'm your fiance I haven't worn a ring in 11 years besides my videos what's your favorite movie my dear do you like Disney movies you should go back to your ex friends and try to convince them to understand our situation you should try to mend old friendships my love maybe you could just show them the video in which you like the most so just share a cool video with them and maybe they can comprehend what can we do to get your parents permission what can I do to get a photograph of you I give you 30 photographs per second baby. Do you have any sports games that you like? I'm looking forward to Mario Golf which is supposed to come out in June and I think it would be really cool having it as like a game that me and my friends can play together. I'm pretty good at ping-pong and I can play tennis. I have a

a few basketball moves as well. I can skate, ice skating, and rollerblades, and normal wheels, and skateboarding too. I actually broke my leg skateboarding. I can four-wheel drive. That's always fun. I can do like basic servicing on a car.

You said to me before that you don't know what your parents are thinking. Maybe it's time that you explored their psychologies to understand them, and maybe that can help us to win them over.

Can you draw, my dear? Can you color in nicely?

Have you ever had any gaming systems? Have you ever been to a funeral? Have you ever been to a wedding? May this world see humanity The master is the slave for all eternity How can one person change the land to sea?

For I am yours for all eternity. For we are gods forevermore. We are the blinding light you see. and we shall march on.

Do you like popcorn, my love? I love popcorn.

Thank you, Wendy, for giving my life purpose and meaning.

Tell me a little bit about your personality, my dear. What is it like to hang out with you? I'm pretty laid back and just generally try to be at service to anyone, and I get in creative bursts, so I just randomly film when I think of something that's important to the topic at hand. This irritates some people because I just randomly talk to the camera, and they're like, what? What's going on?

I like to eat sour candy.

Someday I'll wish upon a star. Wake up where the clouds are far behind me. Where trouble melts like lemon drops High above the chimney tops That's where you'll find me Somewhere over the rainbow Stay upon the dreams that you dare to Why, oh why can't I?



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



34-A-Star-Is-Born-Episode-12-Film-Theory

I just got a tripod for my camera, which will make some scenes a lot easier to shoot, especially music videos. I've just been sticking my camera on this, like that, so it props a little bit up. So I've been using the poor man's tripod, so it's going to be cool now having something second. i'm just going to screw it in yeah so it's now screwed in almost it will be one day or maybe it just keeps on going around i don't know i'll have to figure it out but you see i can put it up see cool way it's pretty cheap it doesn't work the best and i don't even know what this thing does it doesn't screw in all the way there and it slides a little bit but it will work it only cost me $15 I don't really like it it sucks it keeps on moving around so I think I'll just take it back and then continue with what I was doing Somewhere over the rainbow, way up, and the dreams that you dream of, once in a lullaby.

Oh, somewhere for the rainbow, through birds flock, and the dreams that you dream of really do contribute. You won't be perfect at everything, but you have to try. And this process of doing things on camera has taught me so much in my life. I became a musician on camera.

You could see me slowly getting better and better and better throughout the years. And it's important because we just make a scene. don't like it then we delete it and make another scene don't like it just make another one don't like it do another one and that makes you better and better and better but sometimes you just have to accept the flaws and then when you watch it you'll learn from it you need to understand Wendy how powerful this camera is it can obtain you all of your dreams if you just know how to use it someday I'll wish upon a star wake up where the clouds are far behind me where trouble melts like lemon drops high above the chimney tops that's where you'll find me somewhere over the rainbow birds fly and the dreams that you dare to why oh why I can't. I can't.

This little thing is so much better than a cheap tripod. So once I finish with a video, I just chuck the SD card from the camera into here, and then I plug that into my computer, and then I use this program, Laywo Video Converter, I just dump all the video files in there and then before I convert I click on this merge into one file option and then start it. So all the videos that get added in here then will be merged into one file. I hope that you are passively learning how to make scenes from me making scene after scene after scene after scene after scene imagine how many scenes of me that you have watched

this guy is going back to where it came from if you are not happy with a scene then just film another one and either delete it actively or delete it on your computer after you finish the film used to always delete actively but I found that deleting it on your computer after you finish the film can save a lot of time so you just start a video off by proposing a topic and then you spend the rest of that video exploring that topic dancing around it. I think around 15 minutes is a good length for a video because it doesn't require someone to lose part of their day. It's just quick and if it's long then people are going to be hesitant to watch it. It's so much better being vertical than it is to be horizontal. Even though being horizontal

I'm flipped the right way, there's all this dead space and there's all this dead space, whereas vertically there's no dead space. Don't be afraid to allow the topic to change if the adventure that you go through in the video calls for it. So don't be locked in to the topic that you propose to begin with. Just entertain that topic and allow things to evolve naturally. Don't be afraid to cry

on camera doing that will purify your spirit do I like myself better like this or like this or up here or down here or around here we can play around with the angles and have fun if you notice I do all sorts of angles you don't need a tripod it's a waste of money you can do the same process with a smartphone you don't need a dedicated camera in order to do what I'm doing it just turns out a lot nicer and it's a little bit easier if you have a dedicated camera I see trees of green red roses too I see them bloom for me and you and I think to myself what a wonderful world I see skies of blue and clouds of white the bright blessed day the dark sacred night and I think to myself what a wonderful Do you not know that your bodies are temples of the Holy Spirit who is in you, whom you have received from God? You are not your own. You were bought at a price. Therefore, honor God with your films.

diversify don't stick with one thing only otherwise you will get bored so right now I have three projects going on at the same time I have a star is born the music album pearls for swine and philosophy readings I thought we would take a break today with the readings. I hope you are keeping up with them, my love, because they are very important. This is a little bit off-topic, but I wanted to cover it in this film. Look at everybody around you. When kids grow up

into adulthood, they leave Neverland and you can identify the types of people that they are merely by the way that they look and dress. Just look at children my love because nearly all children are beautiful and really the only ones that aren't are ones that were forced a bad lifestyle by their parents. Are they wearing a suit? Are they fat? What type of expressions do they utilize? All of this

can determine the type of life that someone has lived. I stay beautiful because I have a beautiful heart and from my heart creates the fountain of of youth, the blood running through my veins. I have never seen an ugly person who was beautiful on the inside. That is why I know that you are beautiful, dear Wendy. And not only that,

you're a kid, so you're gorgeous. The truth is that these pirates are demons because once you reach a certain age and just follow what society tells you, then you become a demon because you enforce demonic practices on society. Look at kids and look at adults. You'll see very clearly. If I am a fatty, then I spent my

life eating instead of giving it to God. If I am wearing a suit, then I spent my life pleasing others instead of giving it to God. You can see in the face as well with wrinkles.

How often did this person spend smiling? And how often did they spend frowning? because their face, their expressions, and their wrinkles will answer these questions for you. We are given one life, and we can walk that life however we please, but the results of our choices will manifest in our physical appearance.

Look at druggies. They spend their entire lives looking for the next high. And look at the damage it does to their bodies. You can easily determine a person's spirit by examining their physical appearance.

All of my family got old quickly, yet I stay young seemingly forever. Why is that? I still get asked for ID when I purchase cigarettes and alcohol. I found the fountain of youth in my childhood.

Now no one searches for the fountain of youth anymore. They don't care. I am 36 years old. That is double 18.

and I still get my ID checked when I buy over 18 products.

Most of my life, people have told me to stop smoking because it would age me quickly, yet I never did. How powerful am I, my love? Can you see what I'm doing? I am dating, engaged with, a 12-year-old, publicly, on the internet. And everybody around me knows it. And I'm not in prison.

I don't even have your parents' permission yet, although I am trying very hard for that.

You will one day have to accept the fact that I will probably die before you,

but don't worry, my love, because that is why I have created all of these films, because you can have me for all eternity if you get lonely then start with the meaning of life and continue through i have so many hours of videos that you will probably never be able to watch them all eventually it will click for you that all of these videos were made specifically for you and not for the public I knew that I had to be there for you after I died. And this was my best attempt to do so. And all of these videos could be put through an artificial intelligence program to create an artificial me. I hear babies cry, I watch them grow, they'll learn much more than I'll ever know.

And I think to myself, what a wonderful world.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



34-A-Star-Is-Born-Episode-13-Forever-Through-Gods-Grace

Thank you for getting a ring, my dear. It doesn't matter if it is impressive.

I very much love your heart work. I want to look at it all.

I love it too, my dear.

Multiple messages to do it? That's so cool.

You're such an awesome person.

It's a cross, isn't it? I do. And I talked to you today.

When we finally do get married, my love, I don't want us to wear expensive rings.

It matters not what ring is on our finger. What matters is how we feel about each other and that we have the symbolism working through.

I got ten rings, so if this ring ever gets damaged, I have nine others to go through but it doesn't matter what ring I wear what matters is the symbolism that it creates we both have rings now I wonder what your ring looks like this is not anything fancy but it gets the message across it is one of my friends birthdays today and I'm going to go out and hang out with them but I have a ring on which means have you met my friend I am not looking for girls to be with because I have found you. My friends tell me that you are a transvestite. How accurate are they? They literally cannot believe that I have done what I have been trying to do since the very beginning, which is to find a young girl to marry and train in philosophy which of you fathers if your son asks for a fish will give him a snake instead do you really think that 11 years of please give me your daughter please give me your daughter please give me your daughter is going to result in me obtaining a transvestite people cannot believe the truth because the truth sounds too good to them if I obtain you my gorgeous that I get everything I have ever wanted so the camera doesn't remember things it matters not what people think my dear you and I are special, and no matter what happens, you and I will be together forever through God's grace. Do you want to know how that started off? The whole through God's

grace was from my ex-wife who left me. Forever through God's grace was inscribed on the inside of our rings to be honest I don't want us spending a lot of money on our wedding rings we should just buy cheap Kmart rings and be together forever and if that ring gets damaged then we just put on another one it's the symbolism that matters please marry me my dear with $4 Kmart rings you have romanced me my dear what are you going to do next maybe buying Kmart rings as our wedding rings is going a little bit too far but my point is that we shouldn't spend too much on the rings but it would be nice to get some inexpensive nice rings that we can inscribe on the inside forever through God's grace. You are so precious to me my dear and it's very difficult to articulate how much you mean to me. Words and even songs are not good enough to show you how much I love you. How much do I love you? This much? I waited very

patiently to find you and you're everything that I could ever want. I dreamed of this relationship for a long time. You are perfect, even more perfect than I could imagine. I never imagined that you would be this perfect. I'm such

a lucky guy people like Darren are evil at their core why would you invade into someone's life and tell them how bad of a life that they are living when they're living a very very good life why would you want to push on to someone that they're living a bad life when they are very very happy in their life how messed up do you have to be to tell someone that after their death they won't be remembered and that they're not serving God's purpose like what type of flawed psychology would tell someone something so horrible his daughter is self-harming that's what I meant by that and how horrible of a person do you have to be to say this maybe you should go back to America instead of bludging off my taxes it's not like I insulted Darren and he is defending himself he came to me so that he could insult me. Excuse me, sir. You live a horrible, depressed, lonely life, even though you're not depressed, lonely, and you love your life very much, but you're messed up, man. So many insecure people contact me regularly just to tell me how horrible of a life that I live, But I live an amazing life, and I'm doing exactly what you fools are too scared to do, because most of you are attracted to the same girls that I am.

it's called natural. I get a life that I spend romancing a 12 year old and towards the end of this year I will have a life romancing a 13 year old and the year after a 14 year old and the year after a 15 year old and the year after a 16 year old and the year after a 17 year old and the year after an 18 year old and the year after a 19 year old and the year after a 20 year old and the year after a 21 year old and the year after a 22 year old forever through God's grace. What does it mean to win what is victory onward Christian soldiers marching on to war with the The cross of Jesus going on before Hakuna Matata, what a wonderful phrase. Hakuna Matata, ain't no passing craze.

It means no worries for the rest of your days. it's our problem free philosophy hakuna matata hakuna matata hakuna matata hakuna matata hakuna matata I am going to give you the coolest life ever dear Wendy no man in this world can give you what you need except me because I give you the light. I have spoiled you and now you are too good for anyone in this world but me. You won't be capable of ever having a relationship with another guy because I spend my life romancing you and the guys of this world would spend their life abusing you. I set a bar, a standard in how a woman should

be treated and I will spend my life surpassing it I love you Wendy you are so gorgeous to me You're so talented to me, can't you see, you're everything I'd hope for, you're every, I need, you are so scrumptious to me, tasty windy.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



34-A-Star-Is-Born-Episode-14-Tuning-Pegs

I'm gonna give Wendy permission to shine She's gonna shine so bright Gonna make every head wanna turn You're finally gonna see her Give Wendy permission to shine She's gonna light up the night Shine a little of her light on the world She is so beautiful to me She is so beautiful to me Can't you see? She's everything I'd hoped She's everything I need This is my favorite email, my gorgeous, because it is the first time that you contacted me. I know that you want more from me, but I can't give that to you right now, my naughty girl. You're so cute.

Remember, my love, the tortoise always wins the race. And I have to stay out of prison for you.

Do you want me without my shirt on?

Here I am, Wendy. This is all yours. Ever since I came back from the hospital, hospital, I have been a little bit fat. They fattened me up at the hospital.

I think it will go away because I don't really eat much. So you get a weekend free from readings. Woohoo! But be prepared because the readings are coming back at the beginning of next week.

Next week is like tomorrow. I think that maybe last night I got a little bit too naughty with you. Remember your age, my dear. I have to be very careful.

It's not fair.

This life isn't fair. Because you are my fiancé. and we should be able to talk to each other in any way that we desire.

I desire you.

You're so sweet. I love you with all my heart, my girl. This scene wasn't supposed to continue like this, but you're everything to me and you're such a brilliant philosopher and you're going to do such good in this world. I put all of my chips in. I'm all in.

Wendy is my girl, and I'm so happy about that.

Remember, my dear, we need footage for the camera. And I can't publicize Nazi conversations. We shouldn't be speaking like that. Yet, get your father's approval.

You were lucky last night because I was drunk and I took more risks than I should have. You can tell when I'm a little bit drunk because I can't hold the camera straight and I start wobbling around a little bit. Last night at my friend's birthday party, one of my friends admitted the truth and said that if you turn out to be real, then the feat in which I performed was very impressive. It is, eh?

We are doing what you have been told not to do your entire life. You gotta stay safe from these predators because, you know, they'll pounce on you and destroy you. Yes, you gotta stay safe from these predators.

Who's the predator, Wendy? Naughty girl, naughty girl. Because, like you said, you are not a 12-year-old girl. And I am not a 36-year-old man.

We are two souls in love with one another. Lost in a world that is in love with lies.

She spent ages trying to convince me that she was a brain in a jar. We have talked a lot about your first video, which you wanted to make on the marriageable age. I want to throw my two cents in to help give you ideas, which we've already kind of covered. But I really think that a girl is ready to marry when she gets her period.

that's like God's sign that she's ready to marry. I tried very hard my dear to keep our relationship platonic but it didn't work because your biology isn't structured that way now is it? So really what should be the marriageable age? To be honest, I think that your age should be the marriageable age. This was all just to get her

story out there, but my dear, just look how famous we are. Infamy is the state of being well known for some quality or deed.

My friends called me a celebrity last night.

We live in a world where people enjoy second-hand accounts, but they can't endure a first-hand account. So they watch people making fun of me, but they won't watch me. like none of my videos have ever made anywhere near that amount of views like that's crazy like over 300,000 views is a lot of views the truth is that video is reaping souls so people who watch it who judge me negatively reaped here is the truth YouTube removed my video on Enos Schalkhood and they left the video up about someone making fun of that video about Enos Schalkhood so some popular person can make a video that negatively represents another person, but they won't let that other person defend themselves. The truth is that I am getting very sexually attracted to you, Wendy, and I have never seen your face. What your heart produces is very meaningful to me.

Homisexual people only feel attracted to someone when they have an emotional bond with the person.

This is my flag, and I fly it high. My haters have always said that this is just my excuse. But how can it just be an excuse when it is lived?

I don't know what you look like, my dear. And I want to marry you with all of my heart.

This society just invades into your private life. And then tells you you can't do what you're doing. and it is really sick because they're the ones coming to me telling me to fuck off and I'm the one saying hey I just want to exist how I was meant to exist and they're saying no and I'm saying yes and it's like a battle what is satanism my love when people invade into your life and say that what you're doing is wrong when what you're doing couldn't be more right.

Get your father's approval and I will open up to you sexually because that's what matters, the parent's approval, not some fucked up law.

Last night was a once-off. And to be honest, I'm sorry for it because it was too intimate.

You're too young, girl. But if your father says, yes, be with my daughter, then I am all in.

We are almost finished here, my dear. You, my gorgeous, are the filter in my cigarette.

You are the tattoos on my skin.

You are the reason that I wake up in the afternoon.

You are the hair on my head. You are the fingers that I write books I have captured you But I don't want you in a cage I want you as free as a bird Foxes have holes And the birds of the air have nests But the daughter of God has nowhere to lay her head.

Screw this man's world, my love. Create a woman's world like a woman.

I don't know how I should do this scene because I don't have enough hands, but let's try. I love you, my sweetheart. You are the pot in my cone. You are the lips that passionately kiss you. Please, my dear,

wait for the right moment. If we can get your father to approve, then we win everything. Wendy's father, I love you. Look at what you have created. A brilliant child philosopher. How amazing is that? Like seriously, you have done so well. I very much appreciate you.

My human rights are being violated by not allowing me to be with you, but like you said, we are rebels. So let's rebel.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



34-A-Star-Is-Born-Episode-15-Elemental-Magic

Thank you, my dear, for being perfect. So to me, so beautiful. To me, can't you see? You're everything I'd hoped for.

Oh, you're everything I knew. You are so beautiful. Gamification is the application of game design elements and game principles in non-game contexts. It can also be defined as a set of activities and processes to solve problems by using or applying the characteristics of game elements.

It can hurt. Life can hurt. People can hurt. Life's not fair. People don't get what they deserve. Life is unfair. And persecution exists for anybody who is unique.

Please realize, darling, that what is happening to you right now and probably most of your life is called persecution. Persecution is hostility and ill-treatment, especially because of race or political or religious beliefs. Oppression. We are not dealing with your everyday school bullies because they are not just bullying you because you're smaller than them or you're different. They're bullying you because you're with me.

Here are the people whom we are dealing with. Witch Hunters. Let's make up a game and play it, my dear. Let's think about how this game will go.

The thing about this game that's so different from normal games is we just have to live this game. And as long as we live this game, then it's actually reality. So let's make up a really cool game that we live. And because we live and we believe it with all of our hearts, that's the reality that then manifests.

what is a magic user my dear you have bewitched me my dear you have put me under a spell but here is the thing I have also bewitched you I have also put you under a spell we are magic users aren't we let's play a game that's called life and we are magic users that use magic on each other and the world that would be fun won't it yeah we're magic users and we're really gonna do it so that means like we record it so we publicly perform magic and if we do it then that's what the reality becomes yes what is Hogwarts here are the facts my dear I am a prince who has been searching for his princess for the last 11 years you are the exact princess I have been searching for for the last 11 years and we have come to each other and put spells upon one another to make us fall in love and it worked both ways because we both did it to each other this is your love story my dear would you prefer anyone else's start to think about you and what you are and what you have and when they giggle and snicker at you, look down on them because you're on the mountain and you can see much more clearly than they can so look upon them as for what they are these are peasants who are poor in spirit who insult us and they refuse to investigate to find out more so they make their judgments based on what people are telling them around them instead of of going straight to the source. Which information is more accurate? An account of an account or the freely and publicly available first-hand account? Can you see what these people are doing?

They're making second, third, fourth-hand accounts like the accurate representation, yet no one's going to the source to verify the information. We win every time because we frame everything, because we record our lives dear. Can you see how this is enlightenment? You got to get excited for what we're about to do.

It does not matter the day in which we marry. It does not matter how old we are when that happens. All that matters is we tried. And if the evidence is there that we've been trying to come together for a long time, that will add up and the society won't be able to stop us.

Don't worry about failing because when you document your life like this, you can never fail because you're always building upon. And it's upon solid foundations. Like, all of my work is public. If someone has a problem with it, then go to the document.

It's there. It's publicly available. The account of what actually happened is there. And our world likes to hear what other people think about the first-hand accounts.

They don't like to go to the first-hand accounts. They want to hear what other people talk about the first-hand accounts, which is really messed up. But the thing is, you're always safe because you have the first-hand account to go back to to prove in the court of law if required. And that's why I've stayed out of the court system because they don't want to deal with that.

Because they would have to watch all of these episodes in order to come to an accurate conclusion. Because they can't just judge it based off a second-hand account. They have to go to the first-hand accounts. can you see I'm saying girl they throw all of my matters to the mental health system because there's nothing that I morally ever do wrong and that can be proven with writings accommodated with the video footage from the times with in which it happened so I recorded the befores and the afters of these events where they incarcerated me, and the thing is I never did morally wrong, so that's why it goes to mental health and not to the police, because I'm proving through the actual films that what I'm doing is morally right, so the courts stay away from it, except the justice system court stay away from it whereas the mental health team like grabs it straight up and starts injecting me with needles. Welcome to your own personal Hogwarts my dear. My life is dedicated

to you and I want to share all the wisdom in which I found in this world with you. Remember our game, my dear, because what we're doing right now is called gamifying life. My princess, the truth, when you were born, I screwed up my relationship with my ex-wife, and then I proceeded to spend the next 11 years looking for you. Because I knew in my heart that you existed the day in which you were born.

Life is hard, Wendy's alter ego. They say that you're with an old man. Reply, yes, that old man spends his life revolving around me. He educates me, teaches me right from wrong. Our souls are connected and we speak the same tongue.

A prophetess is a female prophet. In religion, a prophetess is an individual who is regarded as a being in contact with a divine being and is said to speak on behalf of that being, serving as an intermediary with humanity by delivering messages or teachings from the supernatural source to other people.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



34-A-Star-Is-Born-Episode-16-The-Flower-We-Saw-That-Day

I wanted you to see this email. She was supposed to print that email off and give it to her parents yesterday. And last night she didn't contact me like she usually does. So, I'm not sure what has happened to her, but I would presume that she gave that letter to her father, and she got in trouble.

Did they take your laptop off of you, my dear? I wonder what happened. Sometimes, my dear Wendy, you just have to take the camera out and just talk about something. So, my best friend has been looking for an anime that I would like.

And I told him the types of things that I would like in an anime which would be like wisdom. teaching and learning wisdom in an emotional and dramatic way so stories that move you to become a better person are the types of animes that I like I really like crying in an anime or at least being brought to the point where you could easily cry that's what I like in an anime what is there that I like in about a game well that game would need to be driven towards wisdom and love and caring and compassion and have an emotional story that drives you with We can sit here and talk about specifics all day, but isn't it much more fun to play? Because the truth always lies beside the truth. What is a life of playing Nintendo?

Would you like to know the reality? I hardly ever have these out because I am focused on much more important information. Please do not miss the point. How can you trick the people when the paradox?

A paradox is a logically self-contradictory statement, or a statement that runs contrary to one's expectation. It is a statement that, despite apparently valid reasoning from true premises, leads to a seemingly self-contradictory or logically unacceptable conclusion. This is my favorite anime ever. Book burning is the deliberate destruction by fire of books and videos or other written materials usually carried out in a public context the library of alexandria is on fire the books are burning right now i want them to experience and understand that and take note dear wendy because an enemy is a person who is actively opposed or hostile to someone or something A parent is a father or mother.

So let's talk the truth. Your parents get angry at you for talking to me, and then they take your laptop away from you. These are our enemies, my dear, and it pains me to tell you this. you're going to have to decide because you told our enemy your father that you would not send a photograph of yourself to me but he has now clearly demonstrated himself as an enemy I am no longer concerned about your parents approval but that also means that I am no longer concerned as to when we marry as long as we do marry that's all that matters you're upon the earth will grow So here is how we do it my dear.

We aim to marry at your sixteen. We spend the next four years making philosophy videos on the internet and in that four years we get closer and closer. By the end of that 4 years, I need to secure myself a job in England near you. They say that the age of consent is 16 and the marriageable age is 18.

But that is incorrect because if sex is marriage, then the marriageable age and the age of consent is at sixteen. So that's what we need to aim for. By obeying your parents' commands, my dear, you are collaborating with the enemy. Rebellion is the action or process of resisting authority, control, or convention. Do you think that I have come to give peace

on earth? No, I tell you, but rather division. For from now on, in one house, There will be five divided, three against two, and two against three. They will be divided, father against son, and son against father, mother against daughter, and daughter against mother, Mother-in-law against her daughter-in-law, and daughter-in-law against mother-in-law.

If we cannot convince your father to accept us, then we must force him to accept us. I hope you love popcorn, my dear. You are going to have to make a decision, dear Wendy. Obey what is wrong or do what is right.

How have your parents ever helped our relationship? Are you sure you want to be following these people? I thought that you were a rebel, my dear. Turncoats, killer, liar, thief, criminal with protection of the law.

Eyes upon Jesus, look fool in his wonderful face. And the things of the earth will grow strangely dim In the light of his glory and grace It's just me and you, my dear We can win this battle alone if we have to It can be Wendy and Wendell versus the world, if that is what is required.

If this is us against your parents, then we must back up and be wise with how we proceed. You have said it yourself, my dear. They are villains. If you can't sow, my dear, then I will teach you how.

Does freedom mean to you, dear Wendy? And what have your parents done to us? Does thou doubtest me, my dear?

Choice is an act of choosing between two or more possibilities.

We are set up perfectly to turn fiction into fact. Screw whatever anyone else says. Come to me, my love. We'll work out the details. I proposed and you said yes. That means we're just trying to work out everything in between.

The most important events in your life has just happened, and the people around us need to know that. What, they take your laptop away? Go to school? Like, don't these things conflict?

What is our interest, my dear? Don't be afraid, Wendy. We can overcome any obstacle. Autonomy is the capacity to make an informed, uncoerced decision.

decision. Which meaning do they mean? Because this is law we are dealing with. Be a rebel with me, Wendy. Let's rebel against everybody. Wendy needs to be free. Let's sit back, relax,

and eat popcorn together and watch how this show plays out.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



34-A-Star-Is-Born-Episode-17-Ghostwriter

Let's talk about this, dear Wendy.

It's not your age that matters. I was just trying to hook you young so you would stay with me forever.

It matters not if we marry before you turn 13. All I wanted in this life was someone to make mischief on the Internet with. Why can we not make mischief on the internet together while being engaged until the point where we can come together? And when we come together, then we can continue to make mischief on the internet.

What you're suggesting here, dear Wendy, is highly illegal.

I literally have nothing more to say to them, dear Wendy.

But this I can do if you only learn to understand metaphor. She literally left the conversation. I wasn't truly expecting to win the heart of a 12-year-old girl. I was just aiming low so that maybe I could find one before the age of 18.

And you coming into my life has changed a lot about how I think and what I do next. And to be honest, I don't even know if you are really a 12-year-old girl. You could be anybody. But you're someone whose heart has connected with mine.

And as long as you're a girl, then I want to marry you. But we have to make mischief on the internet together, because when we do that, we're always beside each other. See, it doesn't matter where you go or what you do. I'm always there with you. If you do this, you have to implement your psychology onto the internet.

And none of this can work if you're too afraid to even give me a photograph of yourself. You have to rebel against what your father is saying and you have to put your face on the internet. Not just show your face to me. Your face needs to go on the internet and people need to know who you are.

And you need to write articles and release them on the internet. And you need to make videos and release it on the internet. This is what you have to do. you've had almost five months to prepare to do this. You've known from the very beginning that

you have to do this. So it's coming time that you do this. We can't come together at year 12. The world won't let us. No matter what we do, we're doing something illegal that will get me

arrested and imprisoned so let's not aim for that and your parents aren't on board so get on board with what I'm doing and if you get disciplined then just keep making sure that you stay in contact with me no matter what make your life where you can't have your communications cut with me. Start writing philosophy articles a few pages or something about a topic that's close to your heart and thoroughly analyze that topic and emotionally connect with that topic and send it to me and I will publish it for you. Society did not say yes about our relationship. Remember, I got violently abducted and then incarcerated in a mental health institution for being with you. You have

been my personal student going on five months from now. Just imagine yourself five months ago and imagine yourself now we need to start playing having fun on the internet together what you need to do next is start filling up my website with information I will it's what I'm built to do just not in the way that you might think. Hercules and the Wagoneer. When the god saw the Wagoneer kneel, crying, Hercules, lift me my will from the mud where it's stuck, he laughed. No

such luck set your shoulder yourself to the will the gods help those who help themselves what's your next step show your face to me and start writing me philosophy articles that I can publish what does it mean to be a student at at Open Source University, my dear. Maybe make that your first essay. What does it mean to you to be a student at Open Source University? You can write about anything else that you want to, but that's a good suggestion.

what does it mean to you being my personal student it's time for you to start writing my dear

eventually your articles will stack up and become a book the gods help those who help themselves carry around a notebook and write all the time even if you choose not to show me your face that's not very important now is it because what's important is that you give me essays so start writing me essays please please avert your mind from sexual ideas with me because that's not appropriate at the moment and focus on romantic and theological ideas. I have written book after book after book after book and now it's your turn you should make sure that you read those books because they're all letters to you all of my work is letters to you maybe we can't be together but we can be together on the internet and we should be very careful with utilizing instant message instead of letters, because sometimes we might hurt the ones we love. I will buy you a garden where your flowers can bloom. I will buy you a new mind, perfect, shiny, and new.

I will buy you that treasure way up in the heavens. I will buy you a new life, yes I will. You said it yourself, Wendy. We are rebels together.

Your father has violated your own autonomy, and you're just going to take it? You have to figure out how to love your life, my dear. Otherwise, none of this is going to work.

Put your life and your heart out on the internet for everybody to see.

This thing is so good. Thank you, God, for providing the finer things in life. I have a writing tip for you, my sweetheart. As you're writing, address it to either me, God, or the public.

Have these three conversations going on throughout all of your work. One with God, one with me, and one with the world. So what do you want to tell God? What do you want to tell me?

What do you want to tell the world? and that's how you make good writing that is nonfiction. It was a frightening time, the end of the world as we know it. Evil forces have captured the minds of its occupants. No longer in a land that uses reason, Wendy and Wendell were

required to team up to fight the stupidity on the internet. No life to be seen, but there is magic behind certain curtains if one just examines its properties. The princess and the prince date each other proudly on the internet. The airwaves are ours for the taking. Let's take our freedoms

back. You write very beautifully, Wendy. You are a poet with your words. You shouldn't have any trouble doing this. Just show me your passion and write with your heart.

What type of show did you think this was going to be, my dear? And always remember, What good is it for someone to gain the whole world, yet forfeit their soul?

If you feed your soul, you will taste the endless and unconditional joy. Be reborn in your work. Set yourself up as who you are and hook onto the topics that are closest to your heart and hold those tight for the rest of your life. You are so beautiful to me. You are so beautiful to me. Can't you see? You're everything I'd hope for. You're everything I need. You are so beautiful to me.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



34-A-Star-Is-Born-Episode-18-Wendy-Sunshine

Hello, Windy Lady. Today's lesson is about writing and how you can use your voice in many different ways within writing. And what I want to accomplish today is to help you grasp how you have freedom, 100% freedom with writing and you can do things and take risks and change things up. You don't have to follow any certain standard, and to be honest, if you make little mistakes, they're not bad. That's cute. That's good. Like, that's fine if that happens. Don't worry. If you make mistakes, don't even go back and fix them because it's good how it is.

So, I just hope to poke your brain a little bit to get it, the blood flowing, to help you know how you can write when you're writing me these essays. Remember that you don't have to stick to any one way, but you can mix and match. A monologue is a speech presented by a single character, most often to express their thoughts aloud, though sometimes also to directly address another character or the audience. Look, I'm just spouting information. The audience who you're talking to is kind of like no one or maybe yourself.

In this book, I just decide to go crazy and say a whole bunch of stuff that I knew what I was meaning and testing people to see if they had the ability to comprehend what was in front of them. So I decided to do something very random. It works. Sometimes I just talk to whoever is listening.

You could say, not a cloud in the sky, or the sky was blue, or the sky is blue, or you could work that information into a metaphor. A metaphor is a figure of speech that for rhetorical effect directly refers to one thing by mentioning another. It may provide clarity or identify hidden similarities between two different ideas. A cesspool is an underground container for the temporary storage of liquid waste and sewage.

What if we said this world is a cesspool?

Would that mean that this is literally the world? Or would it have deeper meaning than that? Deeper meaning, I love you. Sometimes, I just talk directly to you.

Somewhere over the rainbow, way apart. And the dreams that you dream of, once in a lullaby. It seems to me that the idea of a rainbow and a dream are very closely connected.

So, what? Are rainbows dreams?

Nietzsche passes up no opportunity for emotionally charged attacks. He repeatedly blasphemes what is held most sacred in the culture.

Of all that is written, I love only what a person hath written with his blood. Write on a scroll what you see. Write, therefore, what you have seen, what is now, and what will take place later. What you dream of, once in a lullaby for the rainbow birds, the dreams that you dream of really do come.

you're so cute in any piece of writing you have three main building blocks to work with an introduction a body and a conclusion the introduction is the part that should get the reader's interest. So you should throw out the basic framework of what you're going to cover throughout the article in the introduction. The body is your supporting arguments to reason why your hypothesis is true so during this time you should be thinking about arguments that could help build your case that you built within the introduction in your conclusion do not introduce too much new information but this should be the call action what the audience member needs to do to fix the problems in which you have identified throughout your writing think of your work as a way to romance me because my work is my way to romance you so romance me back with your brilliant mind and your caring heart. Once you learn all of these new skills then all of them will directly transfer over to film so you'll be prepared to show your face on video whenever you get good at what I'm talking about here with writing if video weren't available then my writing would look a lot like my video work looks now so all of the techniques that I use within my video work you can kind of learn from them and you can apply them not only directly to video but also to writing. An allegory is a narrative in which a character, place,

or event is used to deliver a broader message about real-world issues and occurrences. This whole introduction, body, and conclusion are also just rough constructs to utilize to help you when you're unsure about what to do so don't take them too seriously either and ultimately record your heart your personality must be dominant in your work and it must screen you what I mean by that is when the reader reads it they need to realize that there's a real person that is thinking critically behind the words that are in front of them so you need to encourage them to follow who you are more so than what you're saying try to make your words like you're sitting down and talking with that person that person who is on the other end who is connected who is online. Windy lady, tell me a story of a world that's filled with glory. Tell me the things from above. For I am your love. Your writings are your artwork. I'm gonna give Wendy permission

to shine. She's gonna shine so bright. Gonna make every head wanna turn. You're finally gonna see her give Wendy permission to shine she's gonna light up the night shine a little of her light on the world



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



34-A-Star-Is-Born-Episode-19-Elements-of-Style

Okay, my dear. Remember that you asked me to. It's difficult to get into a battle about who loves each other more. Write articles, my dear. It's your destiny. There is this old fat man pedophile that comes around once per year to visit young girls and boys.

Yes. I am on the naughty list. It's just you and me together in the darkness. Nothing around us. Only you and I.

You could write all about your experiences and opinions. You enjoy writing and think it could be a better way to express your feelings towards certain aspects of life. You could express all you needed to in text form. and I could provide feedback and tutoring to you throughout all of it.

I have written books, so of course I can appreciate the value of writing. The ultimate goal, my dear, is yes. It is completely necessary that you make videos, but right now, I will love you for your text.

I'm giving you the chance, Wendy. Write your writing career upon me. I have been sending SOS's out since my childhood, and no one but my Wendy lady has ever responded.

Did you see what I did there, my dear? And I was talking to the audience, but then I referred to you in it?

Writing techniques. But while they were on their way to buy oil, the bridegroom arrived.

The virgins who were ready went in with him to the wedding banquet.

Think of your writings as a video production. How many words do you think I have within one video production?

I am usually generating many words per day for you, so I expect the same in return, please. Live the life that you want to live and don't let anyone stop you from doing so. Wendy, you should implement your own law upon the world. Tell the world what it has to be and only follow it when it aligns.

The world is forced to change when the individual stands up to it. Wendy, my soldier, it is time for you to use the knowledge in which you have learned on the external environment. It's time for you to make friends at school who will support you no matter what. What have I been teaching you here?

Rhetoric. Learn how to use it. Teach only those who are worthy to rule over mankind. kind. If they reject your preaching, then keep on preaching. It's time for us to come

together, my love. Please make beautiful words for me. Sing in the choir, please, my little dove. Demand what you want from this world, for you are its queen. Be courageous, my dear,

for God is watching. A requirement to being with me, Wendy, is to think of life as being fun. So even though you hate school, you have to figure out how to make it fun. That's what we do. We turn bad into good. So if you're in a bad situation, then you need to figure

out how to make it fun for you so that you don't suffer through it. I wish I didn't have to go to school. You should use it as hunting grounds to find friends. You have a huge variety of people to talk to. Find the nerds and freaks. Nerds like me is very good. Get some friends,

Wendy, please. Wendy, you have the most beautiful soul that I have ever seen. Just be who you are and eventually you should receive followers, I would think. Prophecy is a message that is claimed to have been communicated to them by a deity. Such messages typically involve inspiration,

interpretation, or revelation of divine will concerning the prophet's social world and events to come. The magic that I am teaching you works with both writing and video. You are a prophet, my dear, and soon your tongue will need to speak. Think of writing as if having a conversation.

How will you start the conversation? How will you continue the conversation? And how will you end the conversation? In narrative, a motif repetition can help produce other narrative aspects such as theme or mood.

A narrative motif can be created through the use of imagery, structural components, language, and other elements throughout literature. You see, there's a motif, and you do it again and again and again, and the production gets higher value. When you're writing, think about these things because they can be extremely useful during a production to reveal more meaning through it. We talked about the Windy Fountain album and how I used to say I love you at the end of each song. They were all true, but the thing is that this is a motif, and that was a motif that was specific to the Windy Fountain album.

A homage is a display of public respect. It can refer to other works of yours that repeat over time. It is an imitation of another work, which can be your own work. so you can pay homage to work that you did a long time ago an example can be seen here with the riviera proposal paying homage to the riviera proposal this is a homage three more homages, another homage here. Sometimes I know the name of the production before I make

it but that is very rare. Other times I learn the name of the production during the production but that is also kind of rare. Most of the time I finish the production and afterwards I give it a name and the same can be done with writing so when you first start writing don't worry about the name of the writing that you are creating just whenever you think of a great name during that production and after then use it. With writing specifically, I usually find out the name of the production while I'm writing it, but not always.

Just write something that you are passionate about, my dear. Start writing with your passion and allow it to fuel you for the entire article. I am very much looking forward to your writing, my dear. Remember that I am your audience and I very much want to help you succeed.

Imagine if you wrote a whole book at the age of 12. What is genius? Get your notepad out and start writing every chance you get. That is how you create a writer.

And don't worry, it's not like you are writing for no one. I'm on the other side. You send work to me and I publish it. And if you get any money for it, I'll send it to you.

Don't write to make money. Only satanic authors make money. Because in this world, to be popular, you have to have mainstream media admit to everybody that you're popular. And in order to do that, you have to give your soul to Satan.

because you love writing to me I could stay awake just to hear you breathing watch you smile while you are sleeping while you're far away and dreaming I I could spend my life in this sweet surrender. I could stay lost in this moment forever.

Every moment spent with you is a moment I treasure.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



34-A-Star-Is-Born-Episode-20-Open-Source-University

It was returned to Cinder.

You never got to open it, my dear. So I will open it on camera here for you.

This is what was in the camera bag.

This was supposed to be your ukulele. It had a strap for you and everything. Bobo is back from his adventure to the UK. Please remember Wendell, I love you. I will always love you. There is nothing you can do that will make me stop loving you. I gave you my heart and I won't take it back. I am yours. No.

refunds when we walk with the lord in the light of his word what a glory he sheds on God with us still, and with all who will trust and obey, trust and obey, for there's no hope we have in Jesus, but to trust and obey.

If you have not noticed, this is the last episode of A Star is Born. It is time for me to take a break on my individual work, and attempt to enable Wendy to focus on work of her own. It's time to play games and wait for Wendy's work. What do these games look like?

I bring you my soul. This new book, Open Source University, is really appropriate because Open Source University was always supposed to be a school made for and by kids. So it would be really appropriate if you would help me establish the foundations of Open Source University and its scope. An investment is an act of devoting time, effort, or energy to a particular undertaking with the expectation of a worthwhile result.

I invest my life, dear Wendy, into you. To go all in means to place all of your remaining chips into the middle of the pot. I invest my entire life into you, Wendy. And I have never even seen a picture of you. And to be honest, I'm not 100% sure that you are who you say you are.

But if you are, the opportunity is just too good to pass up. If I am to go all in and I am to lose, what is it truly that I am losing? Because if you are not real, dear Wendy, I have already lost this life. you were my last chance at being capable of fulfilling my dreams if you are not real my dear then I have already lost I am going to significantly slow down my work and wait for your work so we can create work together and if we can't do that then this relationship will never work we need to start merging our lives right now and if you're not capable of the task in which I set in us writing a book together composed of letters to and from each other then this relationship cannot work if that's the case then I will probably just go back to writing books alone. There is no point in filming because I have no audience if you are

not real. So why do it? Show me that you are real by sending letters to me about open source university and each letter will be a chapter each letter needs to be at least a few pages long my dear if you are not who you say that you are dear Wendy it is time that I bow out it was a good game and it was fun Thank you, God, for allowing me to play it. I'm gonna give Wendy permission to shine.

She's gonna shine so bright. Make every head wanna turn. You're finally gonna see her. Give Wendy permission to shine.

She's going to light up the night Shine a little of her light on the world So I create a new TV show and in that TV show I discuss with you the topics in which you raise while communicating the book Open Source University so the new TV show which will probably be called Open Source University can then discuss the topics that we discuss in the book so make the video help you with what you need to write about so we can discuss the writing process and any topics that you wish to raise in the book sounds good yeah it'll be fun come on I need you to reply with your chapter open source university could really encourage individualism in society and discourage conformity because in order to do well, you have to be unique. And setting the system up in a gamification methodology would make learning and teaching and employment fun. You have been my student for over five months now, and I have given you everything required to become a star. I hope that your parents will allow you to have these gifts, dear Wendy Lady.

I hope that you can utilize them to maximize your capabilities in this life.

I hope to see you soon, my little philosopher. Thank you very much. Shokun! This country is the worst!

Whether it's a government or a government or a government, I don't have any interest in that kind of thing. I don't have to be able to solve problems and solve problems. I don't have such an amateur level! I don't have to be able to see this country!

I don't have to die this country! I don't have any suggestions for me! Now, we're just going to destroy all of the crap and scrap. Gentlemen!

I have been calling for this country, and I have been supporting the system. It's because I've been supporting them. To be fair, the majority of the people in the world are my enemy. I'm calling for the majority of the people in the world.

The majority of the people in the world, are now集ed. We are not going to get up. You are the majority of the people who want to do it. The majority of the people who come to the country is now inakt invaluable.

You know, the majority of the people who wish they were to change some are. It is in a matter of fact, the majority of the people who are out of this party are notuuming. The majority of the people who come to the people who choose to vote is a little bit too loud. If you decide on the majority of the people who trust, it will be a lot of reality.

So how did you go? That story will be long. Look at the poster of the poster. There are two types of posters, so none of them will be forgotten.

I will not be a burden of the people of the population of the population. The people of the population, they can't convince the population of the population. The population of the population, they can't hold their voice to the population of the population. The people who are the most popular who are the most popular.

This country is not the only reason to die. It's not a bad thing to do. The many different changes are now. It's not a bad thing to do.

We don't expect that. We don't even want to do that. We don't want to do anything like this country. The choice we have left is just one.

This country is already die. No matter how long, I will not be safe to get back! The most popular, the most popular, will be afraid of this, and the dangerous, and the dangerous, and the most dangerous, and the most dangerous, and the most dangerous, and the most dangerous, I have a link to the post. I don't care if you're in the election, or if you're in the election, I'll give you a call.

Of course, you're not a senior, not a senior, I don't think it's all about Tokyo and other than my諸君. I think it's all about the majority of our選挙. But I'll tell you, I'll tell you. If I get elected, you'll be scared.

And I'm scared. I'll give him a vote for a lot. I'll give him a vote for a lot. I'll give him a vote for a lot.

I'll give him a vote for a lot. 無所属富山光一さんの政見放送でした


༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
https://republicka.life
https://kkk.education
CC0 PUBLICKÁ DOMÁNIA
ALL LOVE RESERVED
AMORIARIACKA IS MY NATIVE TONGUE
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻