༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
🏫 Open Source University 🏫
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻

April 2, 2021


Open Source University is a comprehensive education system built from the ground up as a drop in replacement for all current methods of employment. It is designed for all ages and lifestyles. So go ahead, start earning your degree today for free, and end up with a more practically applicable qualification than any Ivy League college will ever be able to offer you.


------


35-Open-Source-University-Handbook-01-Enrolment

Welcome to Open Source University. Of all writings, I love only that which is written with blood. Write with blood, and you will discover that blood is spirit. Arguably the most beautiful of flowers, yet one of the most dangerous.

Open Source University is a comprehensive education system built from the ground up as a drop-in replacement for all current methods of employment. It is designed for all ages and lifestyles. So go ahead, start earning your degree today for free and end up with a more practically applicable qualification than any Ivy League college will ever be able to offer you. We are a school that utilizes both video and text to convey information in a harsh reality.

Can we fix it, my dear? Can we fix it with games? And we make it a game spread through word of mouth.

My name is Wendell Charles NeSmith, and I am both a student and a teacher at Open Source University. Wendy Eber Smith is also a student and a teacher at Open Source University. We are currently writing a book together called Open Source University. Your writing is beautiful, my love, but it's too short. You need more than three paragraphs.

You don't have to match me, but one, two, three, four, five, six, seven.

Playground games are spread through word of mouth alone. Wouldn't it be wonderful if our game of life could be spread and shared across the world in the same way?

This enlightenment requires nothing but freedom, and the most innocent of all that may be called freedom. Freedom to make public use of one's reason in all matters. Now I hear the cry from all sides. Do not argue.

The officer says, do not argue, drill. The tax collector, do not argue, pay. The pastor, do not argue, believe. Only one ruler in the world says, Argue as much as you please, but obey.

We find restrictions on freedom everywhere. But which restriction is harmful to enlightenment? Which restriction is innocent? And which advances enlightenment?

I reply, the public use of one's reason must be free at all times, and this alone can bring enlightenment to mankind. You are studying under me, dear Wendy, at Open Source University, but they won't allow you to replace your current school with Open Source University. You even wanted to quit your school not too long ago, but that turned out not to be a viable option.

So, since kids can't choose their own school, we would have to encourage them to take on two schools to go to both open-source university and the school that they are forced to attend. If open-source university was only an understood ideology within our society, then we could help students grow no matter what situation they are in. Open source university could become a playground game.

How could we create a world run by kids? And how could we create a world free from human rights violations and tyranny? What is it that you want to do in life? Well, let's help you achieve that. Our modern day schools do nothing like that. I might make no money for doing this, and many people might call what I am doing a hobby because I make no money for doing it, but this is my vocation.

I am trying to establish something with my life that will live on throughout the ages. Open Source University was established May 21st, 2012 and was an attempt at making a school for kids that is created by kids. Open Source University is now a TV show and a book, and it attempts to discover what Open Source University truly is and how it can fit into the day-to-day lives of its students. It is not just created by me, a qualified philosopher and teacher, but also Wendy, who is a 12-year-old girl, who is a student at Open Source University.

Its structure is, I write a chapter, she writes a chapter, I write a chapter, she writes a chapter, etc. Its format is writing letters back and forth to each other in order to get down to the core of what it means to be a student at open source university. Because even if these games are spread by word of mouth, they are documented in text. Life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness is a well-known phrase in the United States Declaration of Independence.

The phrase gives three examples of the unalienable rights which the Declaration says have been given to all humans by their creator and which governments are created to protect. How much freedom do I have?

What does it mean to be anonymous?

Who is this that signs this?

The anonymous government inflicts oppression on the named citizens.

Who can I blame for constantly oppressing me? Who can I blame for stealing over a year of my life? They make it where you can blame no one because the system runs itself. There's no real one person above it that's controlling everything.

At least that's what they want us to think. Yeah, we stick him with a needle because the paperwork says so. So we just follow what the paperwork says. and we can't be blamed for doing it even though we are the ones that did it because the orders came from above how can we create a world free from human rights violations and tyranny my love mythology is a collection of myths especially one belonging to a particular religious or cultural tradition.

One of the hidden benefits of studying Greek myths is to explore virtues. With these classic stories, the lines between righteous and immoral behavior are clear-cut, so that even young children can recognize examples of the four cardinal virtues, prudence, justice, fortitude, and temperance. You and I, my love, make up a mythology story, a real one.

That story was outlined here.

What is it, my windy lady, that we need to make open source university a success? When we write stories with our lives, those stories get passed down through the generations.

What if open source university were an ideal, as you say? And what if it was passed on through the playground? I rebel against everything. Imagine having a classroom full of people like me.

What if your education system actually taught you the important things in life, and you You could mix and match classes to fit who you are as an individual. Welcome to the internet, your new school. What teachers in this world will you choose to follow? Teaching like us, my dear, does not obtain us students for one or two semesters.

It obtains us students for life. Welcome to your new digital world. You have now entered Open Source University.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



35-Open-Source-University-Handbook-02-Romeo-and-Juliet

in a perfect world. I would agree with you, my dear, but we live in no such world. And you hate school. Can we not live in metaphors instead of reality? Welcome to the digital

age. The age of kids. You are a rare gem, my dear, who has been technologically isolated. Most kids these days are connected to the internet. What does it mean to be online? It

This is the world wide web of information that has encapsulated us. So you can see that book learning is only a springboard for videos. As you can see, these paragraphs in which you write can be transitioned into video. So these feelings that you have, you can make a scene of.

And each new thought is a scene, very much like a paragraph. It would have been awesome if I didn't destroy my work as a child because then I would have all that work to show you, but that's not what happened. I destroyed all of my childhood work. I did not start documenting anything online until 2011.

internet forced me to keep my work because it was so good. Your writing is perfect my dear. More more more please. Would you like to know what the fox says?

This is the true meaning behind this shirt. When I made it with my father, my father did not know what I was doing. My father wanted to advertise his website, his books, through me. Your fur is red, so beautiful, like an angel in disguise.

You tell me, my gorgeous, what does the fox say? Am I teaching you specifically how to write a book? or am I teaching every little girl out there who has the capabilities to write a book what is it that I'm doing what does the Fox say I can get a better education online then I could get from any school now what does this mean about about our face-to-face schools. Let the little children come to me and do not hinder them for the kingdom of heaven belongs to such as these. This is a book

full of immoral Men who have many wives.

Yeah, it's okay to have many wives and many concubines because I'm a holy and spiritual person. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Your writing is far from childish and silly, my love. It is divine. I am the best teacher that you have ever had, yet we have never seen each other face to face.

What are the capabilities of video, my dear? Because you have learned all of this without me knowing what you look like. Who is it that creates wars? And who is it that creates laws? Is it the kids or the adults?

There is a big difference, my love, between reading something to understand and studying something. Because when you study something, you read it again and again and again and attempt to see what the other person was saying by looking through their eyes. And that's what I'm attempting to do with your work, is to look through your eyes.

Write, therefore, what you have seen, what is now, and what will take place later. Because as God's servants, we must continue to document and write. Get good at writing like this, my dear. Because the gap between writing like this and making videos like this is only super short.

When you learn to write like this, then you learn to make videos like this.

Imagine if I did not destroy all of my old work.

Imagine how valuable that would be to all of us if I wasn't abused for doing it. Excuse me sir, you are writing articles about wisdom and that isn't cool so we are going to abuse you for doing so and hopefully you'll delete your content because we don't want it in our world. My job in this life is to give you the confidence to be the genius that you are.

Studying someone's work is to read their words again and again and again and to contemplate deeply about what they were trying to convey. I am not just reading your work, dear Wendy. I am studying it. A generation of wise kids is all that it takes to overthrow our oppressors.

Wisdom is the quality of having experience, knowledge, and good judgment. I have a mental illness because I have a condition in which seriously impairs, either temporarily or permanently, my mental functioning in areas including thought, which is characterized by the presence of symptoms, including serious disorders of thought form. Wendell means adventure. Misadventure maybe? I am too stupid to make decisions regarding my own well-being. Who has committed the real crime? Me or the government?

Dear love, this letter would be on a more positive note, but the world has broken my spirit and I am fatally wounded.

I am going to a place that you may or may not be able to follow, depending on how the events unfold after the completion of this heartfelt letter. Please do find out my fate, for if I am still breathing, there is nothing in the world that I care more about than you. Where have you been, my love? I have traveled from castle to castle, defeating the dragons that protected them, in search for you.

I have searched for your sleeping soul, so that I might place upon you a gentle kiss to wake you from your slumber. I have left breadcrumbs all over the world in hopes that you might follow them to me. I have only ever been looking for you. You are my other half.

Zeus, so arrogantly split. The seconds are passing, and each one without you is ever so painful. Find me so that I can make you my queen. We can rule this world of sleepwalkers with compassionate and loving hearts.

This existence is ours for the taking because it is the role that we were built for. We can sit together on the porch of life and swing it away while watching the busy comedy of society. We can hold hands and gain the strength of 100 men because together we complete the divine transformation of perfect love. Let us walk the road of life together so that we may enrich the bodies, minds, and spirits of every creature on this beautiful creation of gods that we label earth.

Do not waste time, my dear, for time is of the essence. And if you are to discover that I have already parted this existence, then I am sorry. I gave this life and all its particulars everything that I had within me, and in return, people have bled my heart dry. My existence has been overlooked by everyone.

The daunting odds of finding you haunt my mind and turn my body into liquid. Where have you been, dear Juliet? My time of need was long ago. If you have arrived and only found my lifeless body, do not follow the tale of Shakespeare.

You are more precious than anything or anyone else in our massive universe.

You are the light of the world and are not burdened with the same social structures as your male counterpart.

You can live a healthy and beautiful life without me by your side. You can shine your light to the world, and the world will love and appreciate you for it.

Never forget, my dear Juliet, that you have been and will always be the apple of my eye.

It was always about you.

Make haste, my love, for the blade of darkness will already be caressing my skin. with the purest forms of agape, philia, and eros.

Wendell Charles NeSmith. I love you, sweetheart. Thank you for being you, my little angel.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



35-Open-Source-University-Handbook-03-Cinematography

My name is Bobo the Bear, and I am a vessel in which spirits can enter me and speak through me. I enable myself to be spoken through by other divine entities. Sometimes, it might be Wendell speaking through me, but I don't think that very necessary, because Wendell is here with us, and he can speak for himself. My name is Wendy. Bobo and Rufus love me very much and Bobo will sometimes speak on my behalf.

What a wonderful world we could build. Kids these days are brought up being rewarded for doing the wrong things. The kids in my classes are rewarded with laughter and applause for yelling obscenities in class and the boys are cheered on during flights and bullying. I watch with horror as a pack of boys my age chase down the weakest boy and beat him, all the while cheering and laughing at his misfortune further kids are punished for doing right if you want to help people and support others you are branded weak and bullied if you stand out as better than your peers you are an outsider and will be targeted for being different this world needs a system to reward people for doing right and punish those who are evil if people are rewarded for good deeds then the world would gradually become a better place But Wendy, tell me this. Why is a child forced to go somewhere that they don't like, where they get picked on, a place that they don't enjoy, full time, five days per week?

Excuse me, you're a child, so you have to do something with your life that you don't enjoy.

Damnation is condemnation to eternal punishment in hell. The kids are literally tortured on a day-to-day basis, and we force them to live in that system. They are indoctrinated into information that most of it has no relevance to their day-to-day lives after they finish the schooling system. They are literally forcing you kids to do something that you don't want nearly on a day-to-day basis.

They indoctrinate you into how they want you to think. they write letters to you that claim your religious beliefs a result of your mental illness they claim the documented truth as grandiose and delusional how do you encourage kids to do things games of course kids love games especially when they are young. Kids love to win at games, what if we turned life into a game? The only way to win is to be a good person and treat each other well. Isn't it cool that games

like tag can exist even though nobody has written down the rules? Playground games are spread through word of mouth alone. Wouldn't it be wonderful if our game of life could be spread and shared across the world in the same way? Not as a system of strict rules and laws, but to the set of principles and morals as thoughts in the minds of kids.

Isn't our little game of writing the book Open Source University a bit like TAG? It's like, TAG, you're it. I have been speaking to myself all throughout my life. How cool would it be if someone actually spoke back?

teachers don't have the time to sit with you and really get to know you and help you in every area of your life they're systematized they're robots so tell me Wendy how can we fix all of this I see a world run by kids a world free from human rights violations and tyranny kids are the key to saving this world one Someday all the grown ups of today will be dead and the kids of today will take their place. The kids will inherit the earth. If we can teach the kids of today to be good and treat each other as they would like to be treated, then when they grow up to become bosses and prime ministers they will continue to practice good virtues and justice. As people age, all sorts of things happen to their mind and body.

Adults have hardened pineal glands and closed minds. Kids are born with clean minds, fresh minds that are only soured by the immoral teachings of grown-ups. The kids that we teach will stay noble forever, they will become grown-ups in name only, inside they are still good little children full of love. They are kids in the bodies of grown-ups, and they will run the world.

This is how we can save the world, this is how we can create the world run by kids. Neverland, my dear. Bobo. Bobo the demonic bear. Woo! What is open source education, my love? Because you write a

lot to me, I can now give you a voice independent of you not being capable of recording your voice or video. I will speak in her voice when she says things that are important. What is the future of online education? It doesn't matter what age we get together, my dear. It just matters

that we get together. Please keep your virginity to me, my dear. That is all that I ask of you. Please understand, dear Wendy, because when you turn 13, you are allowed to put your face on any social networking platform including YouTube. So when you turn 13, everything that your

father says is irrelevant because you're allowed to be there because you're the age that is allowed to do that. Preach, my lovely windy lady. And I will give you a platform to preach on. I am all yours Wendy whatever direction you want to go that is the direction that we will go Wendy is the genius and all will know how smart she is and that's where will go. I am your new host and I will speak for Wendy when she needs to have

her say. It's Bobo, Bobo, Bobo the Demonic Bear. I love you, Wendy. Thank you for being mine. Step one, my dear, is thinking as high as you can think. Step two is achieving

that. You preach to me, my dear. Make sure everything that you preach to me, you live. Open Source University, my dear, is yours.

Do what you wish with it. Autonomy is the capacity to make an informed, uncoerced decision.

At what we are doing, my love, we are merging with each other mentally and spiritually, and the last step is to merge with each other physically. You contacted me during Enos Shawkit and from there we kind of made both Matchmaker and my girls. And then Phoenix Rising is where we joined together. Talitha Kumi, we wrote a book there together. Wendy Fountain, that was to you. Wendell Charles NeSmith, that

was about my life with you. A star is born. Who's the star? You're the star. You're the

the star pearls for swine that's not really for you but it is for you you know it's for you you know everything I do is for you philosophy readings yeah we'll get back to those don't worry we'll come to them soon and now open Source University. I believe in you Wendy. You are amazing to me. Be a light to others and show others the correct path. What is that correct path? You know. It is not my job to tell you what

be or what to say it is my job to help you develop so you can come up with your own ideas about what to be and what to say monkey see monkey do what am i teaching you right now and how far can you extend that knowledge you are a sponge I just tell you something one time and somehow you remember that far in the distant future you are amazing I can't even do that the truth is I I don't know who this girl is. For she is grooming me to be her husband.

Your psychology, my dear, is your health. Why would you sacrifice your psychology doing these things that adults tell you to do, like school when it could be much more nourished and cherished if you just came to me. We speak together once every night, mostly, mostly every night, my nights or my mornings, so we speak together most mornings. Let's extend how long we speak together and let's extend how long we have contact with each other. I don't just want to speak to you for an hour here and an hour there

or two hours here or whatever. I want to have you by my side always. You are merging into me right now because we are writing a book together and that book is divine. You are the first and only person to merge with me. You have everything ahead of you. Why do you think

I haven't done anything on Open Source University since it was launched.

Open Source University needed you, my dear, to create it. Because Open Source University is a comprehensive education system built from the ground up. as a drop-in replacement for all current methods of employment. It is designed for all ages and lifestyles.

So go ahead, start earning your degree today for free and end up with a more practically applicable qualification any Ivy League college will ever be able to offer you



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



35-Open-Source-University-Handbook-04-Stay-In-School

It's time for me to become a kid again so that I can figure out open-source University with you, my love. I'm a person with a phone, a camera, and a computer. The open-source University website generally gets between 5,000 to 6,000 views per month. How can we make open source university?

I'm fully qualified within the areas in which I teach. Has it really gotten so bad that kids are forced to rebel against their parents and leave school at an early age because it tortures them? Your seconds are precious, my dear. And if you are wasting these seconds doing something that you don't enjoy, then you can never get those seconds back.

Why would you keep doing something when it is hurting your psychology?

They are torturing you, my dear.

What if kids could say, no, I am not going to this school, and no, I am not going to learn these things in which you want me to learn? How can they say that you don't have autonomy just because you are a child? My name is Wendy Eber Smith and I am in love with Wendell Charlton Smith forever, through God's grace. In our school, kids are taught to love and respect one another. By prioritizing that, we can stop bullying before it even begins.

That's the difference between our school and mainstream schools, if only you knew what the kids at my school were like, you would understand why I don't want to be friends with them. They are horrible people full of hate and disgust for all things good, they want to see this world corrupted by sin. Would you like to know how many people I have met who support our relationship? Zero, my dear. Not one person have I met who actually sees what is good.

So, my dear, I simply didn't want to be friends with those people. You once told me it is better to be alone than to be with the wrong person. They are all the wrong people, my dear. It is not my choice, for I would love to have friends that understand the world.

Alas, I cannot. Sociology is the study of society, human social behavior, patterns of social relationships, social interaction, and culture that surrounds everyday life. Social engineering is the use of centralized planning in an attempt to manage social change and regulate the future development and behavior of a society. Me, Dad, you are forcing me to go to a place where I get tortured every day.

By you forcing me to go to this place is a human rights violation.

Life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness are also my unalienable rights, which has been given to all humans and not only adults. Liberty is the state of being free within society from oppressive restrictions imposed by authority on one's way of life, behavior, or political views. A human is relating to or characteristics of humankind as long as they are of the age of 18 or older.

Welcome to the world. We have restricted your access to human rights until we tell you otherwise. excuse me parents you can take care of your poopy baby alone but when they reach the age where they can actually think we're going to take them away from you and indoctrinate them into our own thought processes we will reward them when they act like good little robots and punish them when they attempt to exercise their own autonomy. We will demean them every chance we get with selfish and ignorant language. They talk about having COVID-safe schools, yet our

Our schools aren't even safe independent of any sickness. How do bullies stay in school? If your school really cared about your safety, would they be there? But you see, all children, bully or nerd, must be indoctrinated into this education system maybe just maybe there is something even better what if teacher and student were to merge lives completely you know what i'm proposing don't you soon you and me will be married and our lives will become one we will go everywhere together do everything together we will spend every second of every day together we will have all day to teach and learn from each other. There is no need for schedules or to be at

certain places at certain times. We will wake up at whatever time we want to. We will take each day as they come. This is the perfect teaching method, my love, and we will do it together. We will show the world what the best way to teach is.

For my phone, I am using acapella voices and voice aloud. my computer I am using text aloud. Rosie's voice is not free. I purchased Rosie's voice on my phone a long long time ago and I purchased Rosie's voice on my computer a little bit over one year ago now. I always dreamed that my

windy lady would be British and you are text-to-speech isn't perfect sometimes it says things like lives instead of lives but it's really good anyway and if you just learn how it speaks then you can pick up these errors in pronunciation. I studied most of my university degree with text-to-speech and I made it go really fast because I could understand it really well. If there's a lot of text and you want to study that text, then throw it into a text-to-speech converter and just watch it again and again and again that's what I've been doing with your chapters just putting them into text-to-speech and just listening and watching them again and again so I can really get to know you how many teachers are there that do this with their students a teacher generally has to take care of between 20 to 30 students at one time. How could a teacher ever obtain the time to really focus on one individual and help that one individual to grow? Modern day

teachers are made for the collective and not the individual. They don't care about about you Wendy who is more fortunate in life dear Wendy you for having a personal teacher me or your peers who have teachers who don't and won't give them the time that they deserve would you just throw these in random places or Or would you cultivate the earth and plant them with love? A seed has been planted. A miracle made.

How shall we treat this newborn child? And what are their capabilities? School is a collective activity that is made for hive minds and not the individual. Your teachers, my dear, might be able to create a lesson plan for 20 to 30 kids, But they would never, and could never, create a lesson plan for you, one kid.

What? You want a tutor? That's gonna cost you. What is it that school tutors do anyway?

They just regurgitate the information in which was discussed in class. They're forgetting that you have a life. Wendy, live that life. Don't allow your school to stop you from living life.

What type of propaganda is this? Quit school, my little ebber.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



35-Open-Source-University-Handbook-05-Student-Teacher-Relationship

You've been cleverly adjusting your lessons with me, teaching me what I need to know in the best ways possible. A curriculum doesn't adjust to fit the student. It's fixed and doesn't change. We don't need a curriculum, dear. You know more about teaching than anyone else.

You don't need to be told what to teach me. A lesson is a period of learning or teaching. A moral of the story is concerned with the principles of right and wrong behavior.

There is a beginning and an end and a middle. What was the lesson of the tortoise and the hare?

There is a start and a finish line.

What do I enjoy most in this world? Teaching you.

Wendy and Wendell sitting in a tree. K-I-S-S-I-N-G. First came love. Then comes marriage. Then comes Daisy sitting in the baby carriage.

We should name our first female child, Daisy, after the princess in Maria.

Daisy is a strong female character, while Peach constantly gets kidnapped by Bowser. Daisy would never degrade herself so much as to be captured by Bowser.

I think there is something wrong with Princess Peach. She just constantly gets captured by Bowser. Why do you keep getting captured, Princess Peach? Princess Daisy would be an awesome name for our child.

I will be happy with whatever God provides us, but I hope we have girls. I wouldn't mind if all we had was girls.

They would be so cute, wouldn't they, and so smart. we are in a unique situation my dear you have 27 years to have kids because you found me early how many kids did you want to have my dear there is no hurry I I am ready to have kids with you as long as you are 18. I want to make sure that your body can handle it. Listen to me, my dear. No kid is worth your life.

If your life is ever threatened by a pregnancy, then you should value your own life over the child's. It would be very sad to lose a child, but it would be much more sad to lose you. You and me will be mad, and our lives will become one. We will go everywhere together, do everything together.

We will spend every second of every day together. We will have all day to teach and learn from each other.

My dream! people in this world use partners like they are accessories my friends have it wrong you don't want someone opposite to you you want someone complimentary to you you want someone like yourself when you speak Wendy most of the time it is like I'm speaking and reading my own words and it feels very unique. I would very much appreciate it if you would get good at storytelling. Think of your life like a story and whenever events happen remember them and come to me and chat with me about them have you not read that he who created from the beginning made them male and female and said therefore man shall leave his father and mother and hold fast to his wife and the two shall become one flesh so that they are no longer two, but one flesh. What therefore God has joined together, let no man

separate. We might have organizations that support our relationship, but the truth is, I don't have anybody in my life that supports our relationship either. We are the same in this matter.

My friends treat me like I am single and want me to go out and meet girls. But you're the only girl that I ever need. If we have girls, that would be beautiful, and I would love our children very much, but we don't even need to have kids for me to live a happy life with you. I'd like to know how many people I have met who support our relationship. Zero, my dear. Not one person have I met who actually sees what is good.

My question, my dear, is how can we do something illegal if we don't have anybody to support us to do it? The answer is, we can't. And if we have no one to support us, then we just have to be patient and try our best to work through the laws. What is patience, my dear?

Perseverance is doing something despite difficulty or delay in achieving success.

Patient endurance is what you need now so that you will continue to do God's will. then you will receive all that he has promised. Do you want to pop out lots of babies, my dear, so that we can train them in the ways of wisdom? If this world refuses our wisdom,

then our wisdom can be passed on through our children. How do you think we would train our children? What could they become? You will one day walk down that aisle.

Is just a number, my old soul. All things good come to those who wait. wendy and wendell sittin in a tree k i s s i n g first comes love then comes marriage then comes daisy in the baby carriage This won't be easy to do, my sweetheart, because we want to spend all of our time together. So that means that most types of jobs will be off the table from us.

Living poor together is most likely our only option.

For you know the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, that he was rich, yet for your sake he became poor, so that you through his poverty might become rich. How poor am I? I buy lots of games and I spend most of my money on cigarettes. And if I did not have cigarettes to spend my money on, then I would have a lot of money left over.

So, I only have to quit cigarettes and my pension alone can support both of us. You are much like me. Maybe after you get your permanent residency in Australia, you can experience the mental health system as well. and as a result of your trials, you will be given a pension as well and if we have two pensions, then we can live very, very comfortably.

I've mentioned that laws are stupidish. They don't take into account the fact that each person is different and will have different circumstances. A school curriculum has the exact same problems. Each child is unique and requires different lessons and different teaching methods.

I don't tell you what to do, and I don't tell you what to think. You are free with me, my windy lady. Yet, somehow, our voices sound a lot alike. Foundations are the lowest load-bearing part of a building.

Because I set your foundations correctly, everything that you say and do, from here on out, is going to resemble what I say and do, because we are standing upon the same giants. I simply follow in your step. You are still leagues ahead of me and one day I hope I can match your intellectual crowns. You are a giant I would one day like to stand on the shoulders of.

You don't have to stand, my love. You can just sit around my shoulders and I can just carry you like that. my little shorty i predicted your name i predicted your hair color i predicted your age i predicted your height and i was right about all of it you are just a little bit below average You're not too short. I will call you shorty anyway because you are a lot shorter than I am. I am nearly six foot tall. Standing or sitting on the shoulders

of giants makes you a giant. And not only that, the tallest of giants. This world prohibits students from dating their teachers. They deem it inappropriate. They

claim that the teacher has some special power over the student and they claim it to be a conflict of interest. It's the same in the professional world. They don't like you dating your peers because why they claim that teachers are in a higher level of authority and that they should know better than to date their students. They claim all of these virtues illegal and then shout at you saying that you should know better. Wisdom is the quality of having experience,

knowledge, and good judgment. The quality of being wise. Wendy is very, very wise. but we need to work on her experience she's involved with my court cases my representatives forward everything that they send me to her and she is in the middle of all of this. I hope you are enjoying your experience, my love. Bad

things they do to us does not matter because I got you and you got me. What What can break that? What God hath joined together, let no man separate. Just think of your life, my dear, and what you can do with it, because the average age for marriage in Australia is 32.3 years of age.

That means, if we get married at your 18, we will have 14 more years together than the majority of the population, and that will give us approximately 27 years of your fertility. If we manage to pull it off and get married under your 18 then I want you on birth control because I don't want any unnecessary risks or complications with any of your pregnancies. From now until your 18 let's just have fun together on the internet. We will wait for your 13 to put your face online.

Please put your face online. What is the moral of this story, my little Ebber? You have now seen from the beginning to the end. What was the beginning like?

The middle and the end. will come a day where you need not only write a paragraph but speak it in front of the camera and that's what I'm trying to do here is integrate your text that you give me into video so that when the day comes you will be confident in making your own videos. I'm trying to show you how similar writing text and making videos truly is. You'll do fine. I'm so proud of you. I love you, Wendy.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



35-Open-Source-University-Handbook-06-Socialisation

I very much enjoy teaching you, dear Wendy.

Thank you for giving my life purpose.

Purpose is the reason for which something is done or created, or for which something exists. I make little mistakes here and there, but it's never against my point. The little mistakes could easily be fixed and my point would still be valid. So, don't worry about everything being perfect, because the truth is, perfection exists within imperfections.

For example, in the last episode, we learned what the average age to marry is, but it's actually 30.5 for females, but Google claims males to be the result. Either way, my dear, we have a lot longer to live together and with each other than these fools, and we have six years to go until you are 18.

What could we accomplish on the internet together in six years? It is time that I let you rest in peace, my dear Enos. I will see you in heaven, my darling. My friends visit me, my love.

Bring either their laptop or their phone.

They watch stupid YouTube videos and lurk on 4chan. what happened to social interaction if they don't have a laptop then they just search random things on their phone what has this world become and how can that be considered social how come we just can't all sit around in a circle and talk shit together. We will be using these as tools and not our primary mode of entertainment. That is why you need to get very good at storytelling, my love.

Let's manipulate our relationship until we are never bored, meaning that we We always have something to tell each other. When we are face to face, these things negatively impact our social relationships. We are going to be together all of the time. So I'm not saying that using computers and phones is prohibited when we're together because we're going to always be together.

But what I am saying is, what are you doing there, dear? Can I help you with what you're doing? Let's have fun using these things together. Let's use them for good and not bad.

It is bad that I have friends that are addicted to the internet. Don't get me wrong because there are a handful of shows on YouTube and other video platforms that I watch regularly, but these things are destroying the social fabric of our society. We can no longer just talk to each other and we can no longer hang out with each other without some stupid thing in the background that is carrying everybody's attention. People in this world have such bad attention problems.

I am not complaining about my friends because, just like everybody else in this world, they are brainwashed. But they come into my house, set their laptop down, and do their own thing on the laptop that they just set down. We must learn how to socialize with each other. Let us talk and talk about everything.

I am very interested in your day-to-day experiences, yet you keep those from me because maybe you think they're not relevant. But I want to talk about your day-to-day experiences, my love. I am setting us up a relationship where we will never get bored with each other if you just follow what I say. Little mistakes don't matter as long as your point is proved independent of those mistakes.

A premise is a previous statement or proposition from which another is inferred or follows as a conclusion.

Premise 1. All men are mortal. Premise 2. Socrates is a man.

Conclusion. Socrates is mortal. Think very carefully about this, because this is logically true. But, is Socrates truly a mortal?

Socrates lived 2,420 years ago.

Yet, he is well known even in our current society. How mortal is this man?

So that means the error lies somewhere in our premises.

All men are mortal.

All men are mortal? Was Jesus a mortal?

So premise one has some errors there. Be careful in constructing your arguments. because if one of your premises are wrong, that will also make the conclusion wrong. But what type of argument is infallible?

What type of argument exists before any premises or conclusions are drawn upon?

Experience, my dear. The truth is the truth independent of what people think about it. This world doesn't like telling stories. They want to come together socially so that they can do other things that aren't part of the relationship.

Today, this happened, which made me think this, and then this happened, which I was surprised about that because of this, my storyteller. When you turn 13, we can make videos like we do with writing books. So I can make an episode and then you can make an episode that responds to my episode. If we have not won over your father by the time you reach 13, then screw him because you can legally make videos at 13 without your parents permission.

My friends love to come hang out with me and watch fighting videos, even though I am a pacifist and dislike it. My friends also love to hang out with me and watch rap and hip-hop, even though I dislike it. Why do they not just watch these things on their own? That way they can be more social when they have friends around.

But the problem is they do watch these things on their own. And that's how they find them. So it's like, look, I watched this video last week, so let's watch it all together. I have problems with watching movies with people, too, because I can't sit down for an hour and a half or two hours and just dedicate that time to watching a movie.

I have to pause it whenever I want to relax. There's so many things wrong with our social relationships in society. and the internet is doing us psychological harm. If you learn the gift of storytelling now, then you will be prepared to tell stories to our children.

Remember, my dear, that our stories need to have a moral of the story. So you're going to have to think carefully about how you present your stories that happen to you in everyday life. You have to become very critical in how you think because if you can draw morals behind everyday stories, then you are a very gifted storyteller. I am not complaining about my friends and their bad habits.

I'm complaining about society for creating their bad habits.

I barely use these things. Most of my time is spent contemplating what to teach you.

How will a single player video game help you in life?

It won't. My immersion into video games was for educational purposes, so that I could figure out how to play a real-life game on the Internet.

I am all over the Internet, yet I don't use it very often. I don't even keep up with local news, only worldwide news.

Most of my time is spent either contemplating what to say to you, standing in front of a camera and saying it, or writing it to you. You, my Wendy, are my full-time job, and you usually get one video per day.

Despite all that I said, I still love my friends very much, even though they don't accept you, dear Wendy. But here's the thing. They accept me despite you. So maybe that should be the bar. If you can find friends that accept you even though you're with me, then that would be really beneficial to you. You need friends, dear Wendy.

Wendy and Wendell sitting in a tree K-I-S-S-I-N-G First comes love, then comes marriage Then comes Daisy and the baby carriage



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



35-Open-Source-University-Handbook-07-School-Curriculum

Welcome to Open Source University. Its interface is intuitively dynamic, so much so that even a child can use it. This episode, my dear, is going to be very sad because I have a lot of hard-hitting information to share with you. Meet the ruler of the world, a.k.a. the devil.

welcome to society one person cannot make a difference you are doomed to live in a world full of demons we have spoken before how people don't change after they become an adult they may grow with what they have already put in themselves but I have never seen someone in this world who changed who they were the same applies to the world because it has already been groomed into evil and it is no longer a child so thinking that the world will actually change if you try your hardest is fooling yourself. The invention of technology was the point of no return. If technology was implemented through God's grace, then the world would be a lot different than it is now, wouldn't it? But technology was implemented with 666. Nine years of preaching on the internet obsessively

and all I have to show for it dear Wendy is you. There has not been one other person in this world who has truly supported me besides you. I have not received a dollar for any of my work but I have spent lots and lots of money trying to advertise it trying to show the people the errors of their way everything in this world is set up and configured to either make or lose money and if you deviate from this practice then they will bleed you dry there is a no way for people like us to get popular because we will get censored if we start raising eyebrows. The world has a way of doing things and they ban any topic that could result in our freedom.

All of the content producers that I actually care about have been kicked off YouTube. That's all of them. This world was created for the wicked and not the righteous. Every day people say cruel things about me publicly on the internet.

Yet every day there is no one to say anything nice. I have lost lots of money doing this. I have gained no money doing this. I have spent tireless hours full time for over nine years now on this project.

Yet my time has never been compensated in any way.

People insult me and insult me and insult me and hope that I stop. Our treasures that we are building, dear Wendy, are not treasures here on earth. Our treasures that we are building are treasures in heaven for both ourselves and our family. And we have a legacy so if we have kids we can pass open source university on to them.

Our goal is to try to fix this world, not to fix it. The truth is, this world is too far gone. We are fishers of men trying to pull individuals out of the fire. You can't change something that doesn't want to be changed.

And the truth is, the people of this world love their sin. And if they love their evil, then there is no way to change that. Our people are those who hate their sin and want to get rid of it.

There is no saving this planet. Destruction is all that lies in its future. Even most of those who play roles of virtue are pure evil in their heart. And they have acquired their positions because they are malleable.

And that's what this world wants is puppets and not real people. Partnerships are the only way a business can thrive in this world. but who would want to partner up with someone that's controversial do you see what I mean the only way to make it in this world is for other large entities to say yes you're famous or yes your teacher or yes your musician or yes you're a philosopher. They claim me to be a self-proclaimed philosopher despite being fully qualified as a philosopher. They claim me to be a self-proclaimed

teacher despite being a fully qualified educator. Can you see if they don't want you to be something then they just collectively say that you aren't that despite any qualifications that you have that's why qualifications are useless to you Wendy I could have done this entire adventure with having no qualifications and it would result in the same way these are my qualifications it's a lifetime of education literally my whole life to do all this I am 36 years old I have studied my entire life and this year is the first year that I have stopped studying and I realized that there's no need to go back to it because the qualifications are pointless anyway, and I have spent my entire life studying to become a teacher, and the government won't even allow me to be a teacher because my information is controversial. This means that I am not allowed to be a teacher. Excuse me, sir. You have studied

your entire life to be this but because we consider your information inappropriate we will no longer allow you to do what you were built to do there is no justice in this world fight for justice dear Wendy but don't expect it until heaven I claim myself to be an immortal in this world because I am because my videos will be capable of being reproduced in an artificial intelligence format so that you could speak to me and I could speak back and that makes me an immortal because my spirit will live on in this world until the day that it is destroyed but don't worry about this life. Who cares if we are immortals in this fallen world? I am very serious about heaven. There is going to be a literal place that we go after our death together. To get to heaven we are required to fight for justice in

this world, not achieve it. There is no justice in this world. The only true justice that will be served will be in the afterlife where everyone is given what they deserve for the life in which they lived. We live a good life being harassed, stalked, insulted, etc. by the world, then we get many treasures in

heaven. Look what you did with the life that I gave you. What do you deserve for eternity? You were persecuted and tortured throughout your life because of me. What shall I give you for eternity as a result of a lifetime of good works? The

things made by God last for eternity, but the things made by man wear out and break, quite often intentionally. Despite basic addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division, how does mathematics help the majority of people in life? There are only few jobs which use advanced mathematics. Why do we spend so much effort teaching children this. What is the point of learning science? In

the field of science, the information constantly changes and you're not allowed to do your own scientific work. You have to abide by the rules that society places. Unless English isn't your first language, what is the point of learning English? How will the convoluted works of Shakespeare help you in life?

Why do children need to learn physical education? You don't need to teach a child how to run around and play games. They do that naturally. Why do we need to learn social studies?

Our history doesn't really help us out in this life and I'll tell you why. Because how many times in life have I said, oh, this practice is exactly what Nazi Germany did. And how many times did me knowing that assist the situation? Zero.

They don't care. What is the point of learning history? Hey, what you're doing is dangerous. We have done it in our past, and that has never turned out well for us.

Well, it's the system that's implemented, you know? We can't change what we're doing because, you know, we're doing it. And that's what the paper says. So history is irrelevant.

Knowledge is not power. use knowledge is power. Because I am insane, they inject me with their evil serum into my buttocks every two weeks. And every time they do so, I advise them that they are violating my human rights and give them many examples and explain to them very well so that they know what they are doing and they never have any reply it's just like you know because I'm right because you can't really say anything when you're working with facts except hey he's psychotic so instead of tackling the subjects in which I discuss they go oh he's psychotic ad hominem is directed against a person rather than the position they are maintaining. There is no way to fix what I

am talking about, my dear. You have to recreate it. But humans love living in sin, so why would they recreate something that they are obsessed with, that they view as reality. And when someone like me comes around and says, hey, you're the one living in a fake reality and not I, then they are persecuted because they can't be moved from their paradigm. Cognitive dissonance occurs when

a person holds contradictory beliefs, ideas, or values and is typically experienced as psychological stress when they participate in an action that goes against one or more of them. So many people in this world hate me, yet not one of them has been capable of even arguing about these ideas with me. They just insult me. The best way to prove that you are right and the other is wrong is to insult them despite that being a logical fallacy what was the point of me learning logic and fallacies when people continue to do it even though I point out that they're doing it. Your education system, dear Wendy, is hurting you. It's filling up your head with knowledge

that will hurt you in your future. Find knowledge in yourself and not from the world. Take into account the works of other great philosophers, but extract the knowledge from your heart and not from them. Most of what this world teaches you is useless information.

Welcome to Open Source University. This is your new school and the only school that you will ever need.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



35-Open-Source-University-Handbook-08-Public-Domain

A hive mind is a notional entity consisting of a large number of people who share their knowledge or opinions with one another, regarded as producing either uncritical conformity or collective intelligence. As a society, we no longer possess the ability to effectively communicate with each other.

We run to technology the first awkward silence that appears.

Yeah, I know you're right in front of me.

What, am I wasting your time?

It's what all of you do to me. Why can't we just sit around and talk about life?

The YouTube home screen is dangerous because it directs and conditions a psychology. Every significant organization is mainstream, and you entrust your psychology to them when you immerse yourself into their platform. If I am to use Gmail, I am indoctrinated into the ways in which they have implemented their system. My Gmail is connected to both my phone and my computer. My life revolves around my email,

my phone number, and my Discord, but I only have one person worth talking to on my Discord,

and YouTube has taken away all of the content creators in which I care about. We used to use those who were around us for our entertainment, but we have few storytellers left in this world. We have few people left who can entertain you personally.

That's what kids do, because when kids come together, they try to entertain each other. but when they grow up they revolve around the internet. To control the minds of the public all you need to do is control the social networking of the people. Get them to all speak the same language, a language that you enforce.

The political purpose of Newspeak is to eliminate the expression of the shades of meaning inherent in the ambiguity and nuance from Oldspeak . In order to reduce the language's function of communication, Newspeak uses concepts of simple construction such as pleasure vs. pain and happiness vs. sadness.

War is peace, freedom is slavery, ignorance is strength. When we meet up, Wendy, this and this is primarily for work and social reasons. Mainstream is the ideas, attitudes, or activities that are shared by most people and regarded as normal or conventional. They are literally telling you what you can and cannot think.

A technocracy is the government or control of society or industry by an elite of technical experts. I want to show you something really disgusting. This video got copyright infringement applied to it because I played the song Trust and Obey. I played it myself.

And these are the people who are claiming the copyright violation. And they're supposed to be, what, Christian? The license of Trust and Obey is Public Domain. So this was me playing a song on my ukulele that is Public Domain.

And these people probably made a song playing Trust and Obey as well. The Public Domain song. They then copyrighted that song that they played, which was public domain, and then claimed that they own it. I appealed their copyright violation claim, and after waiting a very long time, they now say that they have decided that their copyright claim is still valid.

Is this a Christian organization? To clarify, these people have done the same thing as me, taking public domain music and then singing and playing it yourself. But they claimed copyright. So now somehow they own this song, even though this song is public domain.

And they just did the same thing as me, except they're claiming that they own it. Which means that every time someone sings and plays Trust and Obey on YouTube, these people will receive the monetization income for it. So it's not that they're taking their music at all, because these are other people that are covering the song. So now people can't cover a public domain song without these people receiving the monetization for the song that they cover that is public domain.

So they somehow have ownership over this song that is public domain. And YouTube supports them to do that. I would sing this right now, but if I sang it, I would get another copyright violation from them, so I must speak it, because when we walk with the Lord in the light of his word, what a glory he sheds on our way. While we do his good will, he abides with us still, and with all who will trust and obey.

The public domain consists of all the creative work to which no exclusive intellectual property rights apply. Those rights may have expired, been forfeited, expressly waived, or may be inapplicable.

A song from 1887. Because you know how Christians just want more money and more money and more money because they're good people with good hearts and we should give them a way to claim public domain as their own so that we can never monetize our videos using public domain work. but they can monetize our videos because we use public domain work just as they use public domain work so it's really really good to be able to provide Christians the ability to receive money for doing nothing other than claiming copyright of public domain work.

Christians in this world have such great hearts. A chapel is a place of worship.

When we walk with the Lord. I can't do it or they'll steal it. When we walk with the Lord in the light of his word what a glory he sheds on our way while due his good will He abolished us with all trust and open. We worship thee, Lord.

We want money as we do. Out of that one million, I wonder how many of those are stolen. I don't monetize my videos but the entire system is unfair because it doesn't matter how long your video is. You can just include a few seconds of someone else's music or even public domain music that you covered and the company who owns that music then monetizes your entire video.

So the entire video basically belongs to them and they receive all the income that that video receives just because you included a few seconds of that song. How long of this song did I include in my video? And now they receive the income, all the income, that my video can ever possibly get. They basically own my video indefinitely.

I don't monetize my videos, but they now monetize my video because I included a few seconds of their song. They now own my video because I covered a public domain song.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



35-Open-Source-University-Handbook-09-Package-Management-System

I'm quitting smoking because I can't afford it anymore.

Society says buy this, buy that. You need the latest one of these. Check out our new thing. It's just like the old thing but we changed a few things.

Buy it now. They always want you buying more and more stuff. But if you were wise enough to see through the deception, you'll realize that you actually don't have to keep buying new things all the time. and you can put your money to better uses.

We will be able to get by with less money because we're too smart for their lives, dear.

Oh, come on, it's so much better. The technology for vapes has been drastically improving over the last 10 years.

I don't want to quit smoking because most of my thinking time is smoking. So instead of smoking on nicotine cigarettes, I can vape on propylene glycol and glycerine. So I can just, and just think, and just, actually, and just think, what is life?

That's what cigarettes did for me. It helped me think. it gave me time to take out of my day to contemplate all of these issues that we are discussing. As you can see this was kind of breaking and I super glued around it and the battery doesn't last very long at all on it and with this one I get a battery charger here with spare this one has an internal battery that you can't really replace so it was good to get one that you can replace the parts to it nicotine and cigarettes are kind of dirty and aren't good for your health whereas vaping is so very clean and if you don't use nicotine then you don't have to be addicted to nicotine which means you'll vape less this is my last pouch of cigarettes before I go in and try to quit a vape kind of suits me because I'm all about electronics and using electronics to get you out of an unhealthy addiction it's quite cool last cigarette some time ago I got these really cool pants at an op shop but they were females pass but I tried them on and they looked and felt great but now they're wearing out and I need to find new ones I went to Kmart and to Target and all of them had really tight legs like this instead of being open like this so then I decided to look at girls clothes apparently I am a size 12 in girl pants successfully replaced these ones are even better more comfy and they actually have pockets life is a little like a juggling game with your possessions at first you find out what you like and usually end up getting the cheap stuff and slowly you learn that the more expensive stuff will last you longer so replacing your poor quality items with good quality items. I paid a little bit more to get a vape with an external

battery because if I didn't then the battery would deteriorate over a short period of time and then I would have to replace the whole thing whereas now I only have to replace it with $10 batteries. I have had many cheap laptops in my life but now I have an expensive laptop how quality is the Nintendo switch and the switch light might even be better quality build than the switch a TV doesn't matter by cheap this is a $32 ukulele and I can make beautiful music with it, but I can make better sounding music with the other ukulele, but it doesn't really matter. This is an original Nintendo bag and is one of the best quality bags that I have ever had in my life. For my birthday last year, my mother purchased me this bag and it's the best quality backpack that I have ever had.

This phone is a Samsung Galaxy and is very high quality.

When you are young, my dear, you don't know what is good for you and what is bad for you. That takes experience. I hope this episode is showing you the types of items that are worth spending money on and the types of items that are not. When you come here to live with me, bring what you can, but don't worry so much about it because we can get you everything that you need when you get here.

bring rufus i have left a lot of sentimental things behind throughout my journeys don't be too sentimental most people when they first live on their own are required to purchase everything that they need and because they have to purchase a lot of stuff they end up buying everything cheap but over time they find out what they should buy more expensive and what they can get away with being cheap I don't have a dollar to my name but I do have expensive equipment it's an mp3 player look what brand not a cheap one if you buy better quality then it is going to last a lot longer and work a lot better all of my technology is good quality now but when I started out it was horrible quality and you could see me over time get better and better equipment like you said my dear we can live on a very little income but it means that we will have to save up for things when we want to get them because we want to get quality most first-world people seem to just buy and buy and buy stuff to fill up their houses with things that they hardly ever use but all of my equipment I use it's like they go hey there's golf clubs I want to buy golf clubs and then they go out one time golfing but realize that it's actually quite exhausting walking around everywhere and they never go back but they still have a bag full of golf clubs some things are seasonal only needing them certain times in the year and it is really good when you can have those things ready for whenever you need them I already have most of the things that we'll need dear except we need to invest in a bigger bed whenever you get here don't be afraid of open spaces it's not like we have to fill it up these chairs were eight dollars each and they are so sturdy that I have a friend who uses them to exercise on. You have to learn the things that are worth spending money on and the things that are not. We have to get you good quality stuff my dear because once you have good quality stuff then you only have to replace bits and pieces of it as it breaks. Even though you're getting good quality stuff, doesn't mean that it's going to last forever.

So you need to be prepared to purchase something as it breaks, which just means you need to have a little bit of extra money or a way to get extra money just in case something important to you breaks or deteriorates. Although what I am saying sounds expensive, it's not. I am paid the bare minimum on my pension and I get by fine. Sure, it might be true that I don't have any assets but why do you need assets what's the difference between owning a house and renting a house you're going to die eventually anyway so does it really save you to spend 30 years of your life so that you can own a house it's very stressful too to earn yes I want to purchase a house so it can stress me out for the next 30 years but we'll probably have to refinance and it will probably take us longer than 30 years so I very much want to be heavily in debt for the rest of my life that would make a really good life for me Look, my love. It is the American dream. Eventually, I will probably get another couch and television, but maybe I won't. Does it really matter?

let's live a very organized life Wendy I am very organized both in real life and on the internet so let's make sure that we put things in the best spot possible for right now that best spot possible is here everything has a home where it can be protected when I'm not using it. Welcome home, my little ebber.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



35-Open-Source-University-Handbook-10-Democracy-in-Action

Your ukulele, my dear, is really good for me to practice on because it's teaching me all of the notes on the fretboard. I spent a long time looking for the perfect place to live, and Canberra is the best place that I have found. I want you to come live with me in Canberra. If you agree to this, then I can spend the next four to six years obtaining everything that we need to live a very comfortable lifestyle.

if you want me to come to you then we are going to have to start with nothing and obtain jobs just to get the bare basics if I come to you then it is most likely that we are both doomed to live the nine-to-five life. If you come to me then we can live on my pension and potentially eventually get you a pension too. I spend too much money right now for two people to live on my pension but I can just stop buying crap and we could easily live a comfortable life on one pension if we have to it's always been my dream for us to not have to work and just live life together and make films and write books and play music together and anyway all of the things in which I am getting right now are things that can benefit you in the future here is your own personal switch and we can share mine to play on the TV Wendy lady is the great mother she has a heart that's made of gold for time has told the story of love for God has plans our lives from above and I am sorry but quitting is hard but I am doing that now so I don't have to do it when you get here because the plan was always for me to quit when we are beside each other but I can quit now soon I'm working on it I'm spending hardly any money on cigarettes I'm buying the small pouch instead of the big pouch and I'm saving like lots and lots of money by doing this by even trying to quit i'm saving a lot of money because instead of spending like two hundred dollars a week on cigarettes i'm only spending like thirty don't smoke wendy don't ever get into it if it interests you then here you go what is the most addictive drug this is a mixture of propylene glycol and glycerine and to be honest it doesn't matter what percentages you use just mix the two however you feel like if you want it to be a bit thicker and last a bit longer put more glycerine in it than propylene glycol if you want it to be a bit smoother then put more propylene glycol than glycerine there's no nicotine we're making this ourselves it's just propylene glycol and glycerine. It's like 23 bucks for a liter of propylene glycol and a liter of glycerine. They come together on eBay and they sell them both together for

like 23 bucks. Two liters that last like a long, long, long, long, long time.

don't worry about flavors because usually they're not very good for the coils a pack of five coils cost like $27 and each coil lasts between one to three weeks the coil longevity really depends on how much you vape but you You can even use an old coil and it will just taste really disgusting. I've used a coil for like three months before and I didn't realize that the coil was bad. I was just like, hey, this tastes different, like it tastes bad. I'm like, is my vape broken or something?

And then I just buy a new coil and it's like, no, it's the coil, it's the coil. And then I do it again. I try to get the longest life possible out of my coils because I'm cheap.

Anyways, you are helping me quit smoking, Wendy.

Help me quit smoking.

Wendell was your age when he started smoking. Don't smoke, Wendy. Smoking is bad. even if you don't die from it it's still very expensive it's like here's a bunch of money now please give me that stuff that harms me and it's addicting so I'll come back in a few days and give you a lot more money and ask for that stuff that harms me I love the stuff that harms me and I love giving you money for stuff that harms me you've told me multiple times I don't mind if you smoke Wendell but then you contradict yourself and say that I have to live a long life so that we will be together for most of it help me quit girl the moment that I get your face is the moment that I know all of this is true the moment that we can chat face to face through webcam or creating videos is the moment that I know all of this is true and you're writing a book with me which makes me think all of this is true and if all of this is true then I need to maximize my life so that I can be with you for most of yours. I have told you

this before but if you are lying to me about your age then I don't care. I still want to marry you but you stay consistent in almost everything that you say so I believe that you are who you say you are there are too many things that don't make sense if you aren't who you say you are because we talk about your life quite regularly and you live the life of a 12 year old girl even though there is some important meaning behind the story of Romeo and Juliet To be honest, I think it's pretty shit. To be honest, I don't really like Shakespeare's writings. How has Shakespeare changed the world? What has

he done positive for it? How do his stories encourage people to strive for better that's the problem with every profession and occupation the goal is to obtain money not to help the world improve the rich elite have their meetings regularly about how to save the world but how can they save the world when they are the ones responsible for destroying it. If saving the world is against their interests, then why would they do it? They wouldn't, they won't, and they don't. It's all a farce. I have a plan to get you into Australia. How about

this you write books with me and you make films with me and we just keep doing that and then whenever we have to fill out the application to get you in then we just share that with them they don't have to go through our messages or anything like normal relationships would have to do because we do everything publicly it would be very unreasonable for Australia to go no she can't come here even though you've been spending the last four or six years with her making books and videos about philosophy like it's obvious that we're meant to be together so it would be very unreasonable for them to not allow you in. Just in case you are in the audience and you did not realize, Open Source University is not only this TV show but is a book that Wendy and I are writing together. Check it out. Democracy is a form of government in which the people have the authority to choose their governing legislators. We don't really live in a democracy, but I want to explain

to you how evil democracy is. Because if the majority of the population are to get their then you are ignoring the minority. So the minority has no say in a democracy. How fair is that? The government quite literally attacked me and gave me no

legal representation. I then applied for legal aid and they refused it. I then appealed their decision and then they refused it again. The government quite literally attacked me physically and then refused me legal representation. How

much sense does it make to constantly exploit the minorities? How much sense does it make for the majority to rule over the minority and tell the minority what they can and cannot do? Welcome to Democracy in Action.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



35-Open-Source-University-Handbook-11-Music-Theory

Are you ready for the plan of action?

We have to look at all of this realistically.

You will not be able to get into Australia as my wife until you turn 18.

Deal with it. The date of our marriage has been set. Do you see what I did there? Wendy means friend. You're my friend. It's all about you, Wendy.

Living a happy life is a trick that we do, Wendy. It's not possible for us to be together if you can't figure out how to be happy in life. You need to open up your heart to me and tell me why you're depressed. Let's work on your problems so that together we can resolve them.

A catalyst is a person or thing that precipitates an event of life to go away. Your parents are now punishing you for quitting school. Do not fear, my windy lady, for everything has happened precisely as God has planned. We are writing the book Open Source University together.

And in that book, you should discuss your trials and tribulations attempting to quit school. Because Open Source University is a replacement school created for gifted individuals. because Open Source University is a drop-in replacement for all current methods of employment. Throughout all of my adventures, I haven't been able to save my work locally, but I just recently bought a one terabyte external SSD hard drive so now I am syncing up all of my work to it so I can have a local copy and to be honest this means that I no longer need Dropbox. Dropbox is quite expensive but you can

only enable it when you need to use it and the data stays there so what I've been doing over the last nine years is uploading it to Dropbox uploading everything I have to Dropbox and then canceling it for a while and then when I have a bunch to upload I'll enable it again so I only pay for it every so often which usually is about three or four months out of the year story of my life my friends tell me not to play ukulele in their presence but they're very happy to play random songs in the background but if I want to play in the background then they won't let me this world chooses and conditions its musicians because a musician can't form if the people around them constantly tell them that they can't play in their presence like I said this is the story of my life is everybody around me tells me to stop playing in their presence it doesn't matter which instrument every instrument people tell me to stop playing in their presence despite my music being of a very quiet nature these stars of this world are groomed into their stardom that makes them controllable Puppets, I have almost a terabyte of videos So it's taking a very long time to sink and to be honest I think it's going to take another week or maybe a little bit longer

What is war? Israel just bombed this media building The death toll in Gaza is now at 197, including 58 terrorist children.

Because war doesn't affect civilians, now does it? They're never the target of military, are they? Because over one-fourth of the death toll is children. What if that was you, America?

What if your opposing forces decide to put their boots on the ground, on U.S. soil? Who will be the targets? Is it only your military? Is that the targets?

We have to stop these fucking terrorist children! We can't have these Palestinians reporting on the news of our human rights violations, so let's destroy their media building. Can you imagine an America that is filled with war like that? I wonder how many little child terrorists America harbors.

Terrorists! Terrorists! They're all freakin' terrorists! How would you like to lose a child through war?

Wouldn't it be awesome if your child got bombed? Necessity is generally taken to refer to the resort to force rather than to non-forcible measures. while proportionality assesses the force used. However, the term necessity is also used to assess whether the force used was necessary to achieve legitimate ends of self-defense.

The Israeli military budget is $20.5 billion per year. Whereas, Hamas, as of 2016, spends $100 million per year. Let's look at the difference. Is that proportionate force?

Which technology looks more sophisticated to you? the rockets that Hamas launches, or Israeli's rocket defense system? Since you keep launching rockets at us, Gaza, we're going to target your terrorist children. Listen to me, my princess, for the kids can teach each other.

There is no need for adults to interfere with their education.

We are the kids' rights movement. There are none to speak on their behalf. We must fly to protect them. We must teach them to defend for themselves We must give them the eyes We must love them like their parents failed to Because it's our kids that'll save the world And we must give them all we have.

That's my favorite song that I have created thus far. I really like it, so I'm going to learn it really well. Up until now, my songs have been like one-time things because I make the lyrics and the music and put it all together and then perform it and then forget about it, but that's not the case with this song because I want to hear it all the time. It really moves my heart, so I'm going to actually learn it by memory.

I will show you how I write my music so first I want to find a key to play in so I'm going to play in the key of C and I have my circle of fifths here that can tell me all the chords that sound good together in the key of C so I then start Start off with C, G, F, F, G, C, G, F, F, G, C. So we already have something going there, right? And then let's put an A minor in here. A minor A minor A minor F F F F F A minor A minor F F F FF C C C C C C C G G G G G G G F F F F F C C C G G G G G G G G F F F F F F So now let's just put a little bit of a tune to it Si si di da ni no ni gai hai o nu ahana sang da da da da um ahu Indi gai in zi u mba nu ahaha u ju cha cha nu hum Eika don de haba da ju gu da la da ha da guna ni gana hai hai hai and then I just think of words to go in the places of the spots that I thought sounded nice so if I liked how the tune went with my voice using my voice as an instrument then I'll just replace that with meaningful words that's not how every single song that I've ever created originated but that's most of them and to be honest I think that's probably the best way to do it how long did that take me to learn how to do that my entire life if I was given that information a long time ago then I would already be an established musician there are some examples that are short, that give you lots and lots of information. If you

understand what I just showed you, then you understand more than most of the musicians in this world. Being a musician in this world is reserved for the satanic elite. Never before has someone explained something so simple to me, so clearly. And you don't even have to know how the circle of fifths work. You just

have to know that it does work. Listen, G, to me, D, my princess, E minor. For the kids, C, can teach, back to G, each other, D. And that entire song just uses D, D, E minor, C, G.

So that entire song only uses, what, one, two, three, four chords. So we're playing a four-chord song. Just learn the whole instrument. We have the rest of our lives to do this, Wendy.

listen to me my princess for the kids can teach each other there is no need for adults to interfere with their education even though the song is only four chords a lot of people will be like hey when I play it doesn't sound like when you play I have spent many many many hours of my life playing instruments as quietly as I possibly can and that gives you the ability to play a a very nice tone so some people might say hey Wendell I know it's only four chords that's pretty easy but when I play it it doesn't sound as beautiful as when you play it so all you got to do is get really really good at strumming your instrument if you notice I almost exclusively strum with my thumb so I do that for a reason, because the sound that my thumb gives in comparison with my finger, I don't really like that dingy, like it's like some reverberation tone or something. I don't like that. I don't want that in the majority of my music. So I use my thumb almost exclusively because with the music in which I play, my thumb sounds the best so all you have to do to get these really nice tones is to learn how to strum or play your instrument very precisely when you play is also very important and should be complimentary to the other instruments including the voice listen so we play it on the first word listen listen to me me my princess For the kids who are playing on kids can teach each other.

Listen, me, princess. Kids, each other. How do you learn when the right time to play is? Experience, I guess? Experimentation.

When you're creating your song, just experiment, and don't be too set in particular lyrics, at least at first, because there has been times when I wanted to create one song with certain types of lyrics, but I couldn't get it to sound good using those lyrics, so I turned it into a different song, and then came back later with different chords on a different key to write the song that I originally wanted to write. So when going into songwriting, you kind of have to be open to it evolving and becoming something different than you originally intended. When I first started writing songs, I would try my best to write the lyrics and then make a tune to fit in with the lyrics and that didn't work very well although it was still possible but the songs are much better if you create them with the tune have the tune going then your voice with random words and that will create the melody and then Then insert words where your gibberish words were. You don't have to do intros or choruses or bridges if you don't want to.

Those are the types of indoctrination methods that our current music industry utilizes to make everybody's music sound the same. I have not met anybody that will give me their music for free and open source. Michael Levy, that's the guy who plays the liar, he sold me a few of his songs so I could make them open source. But when I posted them on YouTube, then YouTube grabbed that copyright information that he had set up previously.

So I paid him quite a significant amount of money to open source songs that he keeps closed source. What music should you listen to, my dear? That would depend on its license. I have gotten into the habit of listening to, almost exclusively, my own music.

Because if we are listening to music with a license on it, then that music cannot attach itself to us because we can't use that music in any other situations. So why are you going to obsess over music that you'll never be able to legally use in other ways unless you pay a lot of money? Throughout my life, I've seen people go, hey, this is my song, or hey, this is our song, and it's like, no, that song is owned, not by you, and you're creating a fake attachment to it. Listen to me, my princess, because when we go to heaven, you will not be able to listen to that music because it is copyrighted.

If your books are not open source, then you will never be able to read them again. If your videos are not open source, then you will never be able to watch them again. Do not store up for yourselves treasures on earth where moths and vermin destroy and where thieves break in and steal, but store up for yourselves treasures in heaven where moths and vermin do not destroy and where thieves do not break in and steal. For where your treasure is, there your heart will be also.

This place, streaming services, and cable TV are full of movies and television shows that you will not be capable of watching in heaven because you will have no license to watch it. Why are we wasting our time on these movies that are owned by others and not the community?

I use games to teach me lessons in real life.

But beyond that, associating oneself with a game, saying, hey, this is my game. Like, how is it your game? What's the copyright? even after you purchase it you don't own the game the intellectual property is owned we won't be able to play these games in heaven you also won't be able to read your educational textbooks in heaven because you won't have the license to do so. Copyright usually expires 70 years after the death of the

author. That is lies because God looks at the heart of the author and if they released their information exclusively to receive money from it and chose not to put a public domain license on it then they made their choice and God will ensure that that information is unavailable in heaven what's your favorite things in life will you be able to experience them in heaven what is your life work and what from it can you take to heaven with you that's why I have so many problems in our current 9 to 5 enslavement because I have to work for my treasures in heaven here on earth and the government calls that delusional and psychotic a man



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



35-Open-Source-University-Handbook-12-Detention

Here is a result of the Israeli airstrikes. Oh look, it's a little terrorist. She got in the way of their target. The truth?

She was their target, little terrorist, because there is a war on children. Right now, more children, roughly one in five, are living in active conflict zones. They are being killed, maimed, and raped. They are being denied aid, school, and health care.

The brutality of war is exposing children to unthinkable horrors, embedding a deep and devastating fear that will define their future. The problem is that these things happen on a daily basis and first world people, people in developed countries, don't care about it. The general population remains ignorant as to what's happening and if they're not ignorant then, generally, they are apathetic.

Apathy is the lack of interest, enthusiasm, or concern.

This war has been brewing for a long time. We have an interesting but sad future ahead of us now, don't we? I have spent my life learning about and attempting to resolve human rights violations that are targeted specifically at children. Society commits human rights violations all of the time, but if you notice, most of my work is directed only at the violations in which they commit against children.

I could spend my life teaching you about all of the human rights violations in which the government and corporations inflict on the people, but that is not my purpose in life. My purpose in life is to expose human rights violations directed specifically at children. I have countless hours of documentation proving that I have spent my life attempting to protect children from human rights violations. Now, why would they say that I pose a risk to children? They're not looking at the whole picture. They don't want to

look at the whole picture. They just want to give you a single frame, one perspective. What about a grade school teacher that has never helped children in their life? Why are they allowed to continue teaching when they are truly of no benefit to children? You said it yourself, my dear, to learn who rules

over you simply find out who you're not allowed to criticize how many years must one man before he can hear people cry and how many deaths will it take till he knows that too many people have died the answer my friends is blowing in the wind the answer is blowing in the wind it's a pretty cool app and it's much much cheaper than musician you just need practice practice practice and sitting there playing the chords that they tell you to play and attempting to sing along with it will get you a lot better and ultimately it will develop your ear so you hear a note or a chord and you can automatically just adjust your hand positioning to go to the chord. That's ultimately what we're training is to be musicians instinctually. I wonder how good I will be at the ukulele in 10 years. I have been playing ukulele for nine months now. I don't think I've ever seen any

of these keys being used. B is very rare. E is pretty rare too. A is more common. D

is kind of common, G is very common, and C is the most common, and F is a good key that a lot of people play into, but these ones right here, these three, and these two here, So these five, like, I don't ever remember seeing any song played in those keys. That means you're pretty much just learning F to B. And those are all the chords that you need to know for the basics. the basics, like the foundations, and most of everything that exists outside of that is just style. I tried learning these keys quite a few times, but it was really hard,

and it just kind of confused me, so to be honest, you shouldn't really worry about these keys.

That's like half of the circle of fifths that you don't need to worry about. You just need to learn the other half.

This is how chord families work. Let's say you're playing in the key of C, and you want to mix up your song a little bit and you want to play another chord than the ones which are here. So you can introduce a B minor or a D and if you transitioned correctly it'll sound good or you can use a B flat or a G minor and if you transition correctly it will sound good so these are related by how close they are you probably won't even need to do that to be honest I think simplicity is nice and there is never been a song that I created that used that technique although I have used that technique with playing around but I've never made a song that uses it I will inevitably but it's not necessary Michael Levy the liar player which I spoke about in the previous episode gave me some advice about playing music. He says that less is more. And he gave me an example of a Christmas tree. So if you

are to decorate a Christmas tree, how are you to decorate it? Are you just going to put tons of bulbs and lights and tassel all around it and weigh it down with lots of decorations or are you going to decorate it nicely and be thoughtful with where you put things. My songs are very simple, usually only four chords, and it rarely has a beat that I have to work fast. I can slow down all of my tempo to whatever speed that I desire and just play simple yet beautiful chords and still turns out really well really like all of my songs I'm really glad that I discovered the ukulele no man this is gonna take weeks eh Therefore, be steadfast, immovable, always abounding in the work of the Lord, knowing that in the Lord your labor is not in vain.

Today, I had an appointment with my psychiatrist. Him and I do not see eye to eye. He was offering me a few choices, which were all bad. So the options he gave were all options that would negatively impact my life. So I chose not to choose any of them because I can't choose bad options. But apparently I have to choose. But I'm not going to do that.

He wants to change drugs that I'm on, but I don't want to stop taking olanzapine. I am fine with olanzapine, and why would I want to change what's working well anyway because my life is very organized right now. I don't respect what they do. It's like, what, I have to get along with these people so that they don't torture me? Like, I don't go around forcing my philosophy on everybody.

Hey, if you don't see things like I see them, then we're going to, what, abduct you and then lock you up until you mold into what we want to make you. Is that what they're doing? Like, it kind of, it really is. It is.

Anyways, he refused the depot, so I am now unmedicated out in the wild, which means that the authorities are going to intervene. But it's really strange because I told them from the beginning that if they just tell me what to do, then I'll do it. Like, besides certain parameters that involve my self-respect, like, I'll take what drugs they want me to take or whatever, like, so instead of asking me, do you want this bad thing, this bad thing, or this bad thing? Like, if they just chose it for me and did it to me, like, that's what they have the right to do.

Anyways, my Wendy darling, it could be very likely that you are watching this and I have been locked up again. This will likely be the last video until I sort out all of these problems, which likely means that I will be incarcerated in a psychiatric facility again. We both have a lot of things to work on, dear Wendy.

Don't give up and keep your eyes on the prize.

Patience and perseverance, my dear.

We will get there in the end.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



35-Open-Source-University-Handbook-13-Wendell-Charles-NeSmith

We decided that I build a life here for us in Canberra my dear So we now have a keyboard

Listen to me my princess For the kids can teach each other

There is no need for adults to interfere their education we are the kids rights movement there are none to speak on their behalf we must fly to protect them we must teach them to defend for themselves. We must give them the eyes. We must love them like their parents failed to. Because it's our kids that'll save the world. And we must give them all we have.

Listen to me, my princess, for the kids can teach each other. There is no need for adults to interfere with their education. We are the kids' rights movement There are none to speak on their behalf We must fly to protect them We must teach them to defend for themselves We must give them the eyes We must love them like their parents failed to Because it's our kids that'll save the world And we must give them all we have I need to get an instrument, my dear I need to teach you music Oh, it's getting there Maybe a change of my medication is a good thing, because the new medication no longer needs to be administered in my ass, so I no longer have to pull my pants down and endure them sticking their thing in my ass. So, that's a good thing because them doing that is really degrading.

If someone ever sticks a needle in you against your will, that is called violence. And if they do this legally, this means that they have the monopoly on violence. What do you think? See?

Listen to me, my princess, for the kids can teach each other.

There is no need for adults to interfere in their education. It's such good news to me, Wendy, that you want to come here because I am now enabled to get all the things that I need in life to live a comfortable life. And all I really need now that I can think of is a couch for the living room, a TV for the living room and a TV stand for the living room. And I think I got everything. Wow, it

took so long. Oh, I'm so glad that you're coming here, Wendy, because I can start building a life for us now. How cool will it be for you to skip that whole process where you move out and have to get all the things you need in order to furnish your house? Like, I'm doing it for us, babe. What castle can I build for us in five and a half years? It just takes so

freaking long, but once it downloads, it's going to be a huge relief. I have been using Dropbox all this time to store all of my videos. So it's going to be great to have a local copy and no longer need Dropbox to store it for me. The truth is I hate hard drives that have movable parts. So hard drives

with moving parts have died for me quite a lot in my past so when I went into this video journey I decided not to get a hard drive with movable parts to wait for SSD drives to come down in price so that I could afford it and that is exactly what has happened. I have lost so much data in my life from hard drives with moving parts. A Pyramidian is a small pyramid as at the top of an obelisk or at the apex of a large pyramid. All of my work is coming together like this.

Within the next few weeks, all of my work will be perfect, and all I will have to worry about is making TV shows, writing books, and making music. and the platforms for those things are already set up perfectly, so I'm very happy that I can relax with the rest of my life instead of being obsessed with getting it complete, because it's complete now and I just have to work on one thing at a time And it doesn't matter when I work on it, like whenever I get inspired, I work on it, and that's how the future's going to look. You are very lucky, my dear, because you don't have to worry about all of these things that I have had to worry about over the last 10 years. All you have to worry about is being a philosopher, and the rest is already done for you.

The clock ticks away its hands. It's taking forever. From here on out, my episodes are going to slow down.

You, the one watching, the student, it is now time for you to earn your degree at Open Source University. and to do that you merely have to watch all of my work so I recommend you start with ivory heart you can go back to the beginning the meaning of life but those videos aren't very good quality so I would recommend you start with ivory heart, and after you've watched everything, then go back and watch the courses, The Meaning of Life, My Reflected Death, and What is Love. Open Source University is a comprehensive education system built from the ground up as a drop-in replacement for all current methods of employment. It is designed for all ages and lifestyles.

So go ahead, start earning your degree today for free and end up with a more practically applicable qualification than any Ivy League college will ever be able to offer you. It's time for me to focus mostly on music. This show will continue, but I no longer have to obsessively document all of this because over the last nine years I have already documented it and it would be repetition for me to go over the same things and the issues that I went over in my past were formulated precisely because the background conditions proved what I was saying. My past work were one-time productions because through most of it I was homeless.

So you can see what I'm saying and then use the example of my situation to comprehend the topics on a very deep level. It's time for me to focus mostly on music. So go ahead, earn your degree today for free and end up with a more practically applicable qualification than any Ivy League college will ever be able to offer you. You need real life examples of the issues that we discuss, my dear.

And what better way to do that than to follow a homeless guy around? It would not be effective for me to discuss these issues with you while I am housed and have everything that I need. So just start here, and then here, and then here, and then here, and then here, and so on. Time is more precious than gold.

They love needles here in Stupid World. Finally, this has been a very daunting task, and I am very relieved to now have a backup of all my work. The old era is behind us, and the new in front. What can I make this life into?

what can you make this life into I hope you enjoyed my work I love you study at open-source university my love and earn your degree today for free without being required to do anything all you need to do to earn your degree is to watch my work it is time for me to sort out my own life so maybe it is time for you to sort out your own life by watching my work remember my dear the end is always the beginning. It is now time for you to go into my past to prepare for your future. So I hope that you enjoy all of my work. It was made for you.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



35-Open-Source-University-Handbook-14-Living-Neverland

Society bulldozes these trees and pours a thick layer of concrete over everything God made for us. That concrete suffocates the earth. It reminds me of the stone slaps they put on top of graves. That would make the skyscrapers the gravestones, wouldn't it?

Enormous gravestones of steel and glass. Here lies a beautiful orchard that we burned down to make room for these offices. YAH-YA-YA-YA-YA-YA-YA-YA-YA-YA-YA-YA-YA-YA-YA-YA-YA-YA.

There is a new ring for you, my dear. This is Peter and Wendy by J.M. Barrie, and he actually coined your name Wendy. So the reason that you are named Wendy to this day is because of this book.

There is no law beyond do what thou wilt. Love is the law. Love under will.

Do not think that I have come to abolish the law or the prophets. I have not come to abolish them, but to fulfill them. Great minds discuss ideas. Average minds discuss events. Small minds discuss people, including stars.

it's time we revisit my past I used to take a break here before I had to walk up the mountain our job in this world is to check the hearts of its occupants here is the entrance to a homeless life it's actually feels really really really good not being homeless anymore let's go visit my old home it's not easy being homeless my love because you don't have anywhere to put your stuff and the weather conditions can sometimes be quite horrid and the temperature can sometimes be freezing. So when you're homeless it's like you're just trying to survive. One of the hardest problems with being homeless is that you have to carry water all the way to your campsite. So a few times a week I would just pack my bag full of really heavy water and then carry it up to the mountain my life revolved around this tower here is where I lived my love here is your crown my love I had mental health coming after me when I was homeless and when I'm not homeless and it's much easier to handle having a home being attacked by mental health to be honest I don't care what they do to me as long as I am not incarcerated. This is a better home than in the mental institution. Being homeless

is not a good thing my dear. I was homeless to share with you lessons that I wouldn't have been able to share if I was not homeless. So I was homeless so that you don't have to be what would I have done if I tripped over and broke a bone or something like that the ambulance can't get here tumble down can you give me your location yeah I'm in the bush somewhere the winters were the hardest trying to stay dry in wet season and trying not to freeze to death. Sometimes at night I would wake up because it would be so cold between negative 5 degrees Celsius and negative 10 degrees Celsius and you just don't know what to do because you don't have any more blankets or anything to put over you and you just feel like you're gonna die and in those weather conditions without appropriate gear you very well can God's nature is fierce and mighty and we have to protect ourselves from it if we are to survive now back to the concrete jungle I now live in a concrete box and it protects me from harsh weather conditions in my box I am happier than I have ever been before in my life homelessness causes psychological damage that can probably never be reversed. Being homeless, you see things that other

people don't see. We are protected from the elements of nature because man decided to build concrete. Here lies a beautiful orchid which we burnt down to make room for people homes I do agree with you however Wendy because current society has ignored nature instead of living within it so maybe the correct solution is somewhere

made. It's amazing. Check this out. Wow. If I want to get clean then I just turn

this on. If I want to cook food then I just do this. Amazing. If I want to buy something I can either buy it at the shops or buy it online I can wash my clothes merely by putting them in this machine I wonder how this was made it's so amazing it displays stuff on it even though it's not really there what about this how is this made hey Bobo it's like a bed frame and a mattress and I can sleep on it and it's really comfortable maybe it's true that skyscrapers are are like tombstones but when something dies something new is born let a new technological age fall upon us where the people can immerse themselves in both nature and technology to protect themselves from nature and let us fix our homeless problem and give everybody safety and security a place to hang their hat I love you Wendy thank you for being you



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



35-Open-Source-University-Handbook-15-Life-and-Death

Do you like my new setup now? I live in the lounge room now instead of my room. I have a lounge. There is a time and place for everything, so do not worry that I am not making content as fast as I used to.

My bedroom now consists of just my bed. Today I had my tribunal hearing and I won. I have to be very, very careful with you, my love, because otherwise I'm going to get in a lot of trouble. So, don't think that what you say is not monitored.

We have to take things inch at a time until we arrive at our destination.

This couch Vinny's gave me, and it is really good quality, but it is leather. but the thing is I don't have a problem with leather if it's used. I only have a problem with buying new leather because it kills the animals. And to be honest leather is quite good because you can smoke a cigarette and accidentally drop it and as long as you catch it in time it won't burn the couch yes I knew I was trying to quit smoking too but that didn't go very well however I am smoking less spice and drinking less alcohol so even though I continue to smoke my other vices are controlled I was going to make a second psychiatry book psychiatry 102 but to be honest I don't have enough papers to do that because I resolved this situation quite quickly. What, seven months? So because they did the right thing at the end of

the day, I don't have to release Psychiatry 102. Psychiatry 102 consisted of a bunch of papers in which the psychiatry people sent me, but there's not enough of them, so I can't make a book, now can I? I think that the first book, Psychiatry 101,

documented all of the important details anyway, so making another book called Psychiatry 102 too would just be hammering in that point see what do i want don't want to sit over there or like just fall into this thing yeah i can be comfy it's quite cold our nights have been getting below freezing and I'm wearing what one two three layers hey air are you cold mr. air well I'm wearing lots of layers and they keep my body warmth in so I'm pretty warm thank you mr. cold this stand is pretty cool right now it's positioned in a way that the camera can see both me and the keyboard, but I had to adjust that in order to make that happen. I have to play the piano on my knees when it's the length that the camera can see both me and the keyboard.

Mama actually purchased me one year of music lessons from musician. How kind is that? We now have people who support us, my love, and if for some reason that we fail, then I am not interested in a relationship in the future. So it's either going to be us or I'm going to be alone for the rest of my life.

What does marriage mean, my beautiful? And what does engagement mean, my beautiful? I'm sorry, I look really ugly in these shots because look at this, like it makes me fat because it's made for, like, both you and I to be within it. Like, you're supposed to be in here, and it's so big, it makes me look fat, but it's really made for both of us.

I made a minor mistake in my last film, and I didn't crow on top of the mountain. But you see, this, where I live, my home, is now my mountain. And even though I live in a apartment block, who gives a shit? Excuse me, sir.

You crowed too loud. Where I live, like, people are always fighting, like, screaming at each other.

Wendell knows that you like Bobo the bear because Bobo the bear is awesome yeah I'm so cool but the thing is Bobo the bear is just a manifestation of Wendell so why are you liking Wendell moving around a stuffed toy that is encapsulated around cotton. Don't get me wrong Bobo the Bear is awesome but there is a me behind Bobo the Bear who who created its manifestation, and I know it's just fun, we're just having fun, it's good fun, but I just want to make you aware of that, that Bobo the Bear is not really an alternative personality. Bobo the Bear is just like a certain personification of my personality. One of my dear friends and my support worker had a partner that died early this year, and it is very sad, and I'm not sure exactly how to try and help him, because everybody I come in contact with, I try to help.

but losing someone very close to you when you're still alive and you still have 10 or 20 or 30 years left on you is not very easy. You need to know, my dear, that most likely I will die before you and if I don't then that's very sad so you shouldn't get so hooked on me that you can't live without me you should learn to live and then live with me and then when I die keep living we are almost definitely going to come to the point where I die and you're still living. And the thing is, no, I don't want you to be with any other men or women in that time. But the thing is, is that I want you to have a good life after I pass. And that's my goal is to figure out how to enable you to have

a good life with or without me. Mostly with. So like, don't be sad. You have to be happy without me. I don't mean go screw guys. I mean you have to have a happy life without me. So that means that

we have to set you up with a life in which you can help people because the only way to be happy in this life is to help people. I'm so serious about that. The only way in this life to be happy is to help people. And if I can help set you up with a life where you're helping people after I die, then that would be such a beautiful life. Like, imagine that.

moving on does not mean moving to the next sexual relationship moving on means moving to the next step and that next step might not involve any sexual relationships at all it might just be time for you to figure out how to be happy without any sexual relationships. That's my friend. I'm gonna be honest.

I'll probably die of lung cancer or something like that.

It's because I've been spending my whole life doing this, so that's what happens when you do that. You shouldn't be afraid of that. And that's the whole thing is you're like, oh, you're going to die. No, you're never going to die.

I'm always going to live. I'm always going to be immortal. And maybe electronically, yes, but physically, you only have a short amount of time for me to be able to express that. I love you, Wendy.

Thank you. for being you.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



35-Open-Source-University-Handbook-16-The-Road-of-Life

Welcome to the road of life. I thought about this title for quite a while and thought about calling it the stages of life or something like that, but life is really like a road and we have to walk it. We have Wendy here, so she'll be helping us discuss these subjects.

there she is she says hi hi wendy uh so let's go straight into it um i'll move this over here so i can see it um we have different stages in life although i'm hesitant to use the word stages but we have baby and toddler childhood young adulthood adulthood middle-aged and elderly and I just wanted to thank my dad for helping me with this because he helped me with the stages that I'm not experienced in yet so it was really good to get his perspective on all of this okay so we're going to just talk about these phases that we go through and I'm going to encourage Wendy to interject anytime she wants and talk about the subjects as we go through them but we have baby and toddler the first period which is diapers, breastfeeding, crying, being on call, walking, talking, making noises may be very physically needy not capable of handling responsibilities so they're unable to make sense of the world and they're still learning to do simple things like potty training and dressing and grooming their brains developing fast but schemes and memory solidifies around age four so before age four there's not a lot of memory and printing going on so what do you think about that wendy schemes is just the technical term that they use it's just really basically when your memory um solidifies uh schemes is just my father actually used that terminology because he comes from an advanced background in education. So schemes is just basically your memory solidifying. So after baby and toddler, we have childhood. And in childhood, we're learning how to dress and groom, ask for needs, communicate both simple and complex thoughts.

textbook learning, simple mathematics, maneuvering through the English language, understanding the world through both fantasy and reality, and lens of perception.

So in childhood, we're always being told what to do. Like, we have Wendy here who's told she can't use her laptop.

We're always being told what we can and can't do.

let me make sure yeah she's still there um we have a desire to please though and we have a need to play and pretend in our childhood so peter pan fantasy we love the fantasy in our childhood so our young adulthood is middle and high school stresses juggling responsibilities learning identities, sexual and romantic stresses, popularity and social stratification, puberty, study difficulties, societal expectation, alienation, and higher education. and we have another advanced word identity moratorium which is learning where you fit in in life so learning your role and where you're you're you're placed most appropriately in life the older one gets the faster time seems to fly so how people say oh time flies like when you get older time tends to fly faster let's see what wendy's saying anything yeah you get told what you can't do what you can't do what you want yeah so you're in this stage right here and what you're sort of receiving commands yeah so um time does tend to speed up as you age i i thought it was false but um i'm learning that i was wrong time does go faster as you age okay we'll continue oh why why does time go faster as you age um i think it's just your brain maturing um and you learning to see time from a different perspective so before you were everything was instant gratification so you're just like um i need this i need this i need this whereas when you get older you learn that some things are worth waiting for for example our relationship is worth waiting for because it could be such a beautiful relationship um and and the older you get the more you realize that time is pretty much your own creation i think what do you think don't know well think like you you want someone with you right now to hold your hand you want a boyfriend that can be there for you but i can't do that physically but i can be here for you emotionally and spiritually and intellectually um but it's going to take a long time for us to be able to hold hands and uh you're wise for being able to see that okay let's move on okay um what does this what is this and what does this mean to you So, what is this, Wendy? What do you see here?

This picture, what do you see here?

Okay, so it's an ID. And what does an ID signify?

When did you have an ID? When was your first ID? When did you get your first ID?

Oh, you have a passport. That's cool. I didn't know you have a passport.

So, that sort of allows you then to fly. An ID displays a bunch of information about a person. Yes. So does obtaining an ID, like, would a three-year-old get an ID? Would that be common for a three-year-old to get an ID? Do you have a school ID? Yeah.

So, it sort of allows you to enter, gives you rites of passage into a system. So, that identification gives you rites of passage to your high school. And that identification gives you rites of passage to drive if you want. so it's growing up um we get we get different ideas ideas so we got young adulthood and um a time when we are subjected to subliminal suggestions versus hidden in plain sight so we're going to look at a picture in a second um that will have subliminal images but we're really subjected to this in our childhood through our media we tend to discount complicated information and absorb it as simple information the brain is rather lazy but seeks out novelty so that means the brain's always seeking out the new so it's looking out it's always looking out for what's new out there so desensitization so what does this photo have to say wendy look at this photo and tell me what you think of it hey they are big coincidences aren't they they look exactly the same and somehow yeah they and they repeat that all throughout it's not just these logos there's like most big logos sure there's nothing going on yeah nothing going on here yeah everything's clear you see they put images in front of us and we can't even tell we don't even know we don't even realize so then we have period four which is our adulthood and that's parents seeking to develop a child with a likable disposition so in your adulthood you'll have children or you might not but um when you do you want them to be likable and friendly and you want other people to be favorable on them because of their personality so in your adulthood you have work children romantic partnership family rent or loan repayments have to look after self financial burdens career prospects lots of pressures and lots of things to balance fear of the unknown decision making and one's own normal weaknesses and failures including their own personal family baggage it's a hard word to say familial mil milio it's family it's just family baggage familial and we have nature versus nurture sounds dull yeah dull and stressful yeah but these are the these are the sorts of things that adults have to go through um and uh i'll mention it now is these phases are very much indoctrinated um not all of them but most of them are created by society let's continue on so we have a quote here we have a few quotes to go through uh i'll go through all of them and then we can talk about them so as we go through them just just note them talk talk about anything you want to note of them the goal of early childhood education should be to activate the child's own natural desire to learn educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all aristotle this one maria um i think we have another one of hers too children must be taught how to think not what to think margaret mead here's another maria one the education of even a small child therefore does not aim at preparing him for school but for life and we have children have neither past nor future they enjoy the present we forget how to live when we grew up we forgot how to live when we grew up. So Aristotle, Aristotle was a philosopher. Um,

he was Plato's disciple. Um, and, uh, he was, so we go Socrates, Plato, Aristotle, and they were all kind of friends and that was what in the 400 BCE or something 450 BCE around there so middle-aged so once you once you pass adulthood you get into a middle-aged sort of vibe which you establish some pattern of living and livelihood becoming fairly good at your job children are mostly self-sufficient teenagers throw you for a loop at times you are learning to let go and your children are learning to lead their own lives work is important but you realize you need to be more childlike at times you begin to face your own crisis often brought on by stress or relationship issues and wonder if you have done the right thing yes uh aristotle was great um the socrates plato aristotle they were all uh in ancient athens so then we get to elderly which is a time of reflection um once you've mastered your career but now you feel obsolete so like you're no longer valuable feels like someone changed all the rules my dad wrote some of this life sometimes feels out of control often new health issues become become begin to become issues you are forced to deal with you begin to think about your mortality you consider possible regrets and how things could have been done differently so what went on in your life and how it went and the decisions you made in your life whether they were the correct decisions or not if maybe you could have done better you appreciate those things in your life more and want to you appreciate those in your life more and want to contribute to building rebuilding those relationships you begin to wonder if maybe leaving this life is not that negative greater of greater acceptance of what is to come my face is a bit too big for this there were a lot of greek philosophers because ancient athens was like a big point for creativity and um it's like a hub of creativity and they were using a legislative government a democratic government it's like the first democracy that we have recorded not anymore like that so spiritual growth stages could very much be considered in the same way because once we have become born again meaning once we have spiritually recognized all of these problems in the world and then we've begun to take on steps to conquer them then we kind of go from baby and toddler spiritually to childhood to young adulthood to adulthood to middle age and then to elderly so the spiritual growth is like stages as well faith like a child truly i say to you unless you turn and become like children you will never enter the kingdom of heaven conclusion these stages of life are sociologically created and to an extent are indoctrinated like we were talking about before how a lot of these ways of looking at the world are forced onto you socially each stage of life brings its own freedoms and difficulties each person is unique and all of these investigations do not apply to every person do not not to not do not apply to every person understanding the stages of life we go through will assist with the life decisions we make a reflected situation is a different situation than an unreflected one what do you think of that wendy as a reflected situation is a different situation than an unreflected one so here's my links um we have open source university here we have my youtube here we have my twitch here and we have my internet archive here and if you want to be a student then email me at wendell at nesmith.net and we can have more people join in instead of just wendy wendy's just one person right now but she wants friends uh the thing about the reflective situation so think about it if if there's a situation that's going on then and you haven't thought about it then it's a different situation than if you have thought about it because if you thought about it then you might know solutions to the situation Okay, for an example, let's say, okay, I'm trying to give you a situation that you could go with school, we could do with school, if you knew that you were going to fail, no, that's that's not a good one um if you knew something an example i've got to give an example specific example um i'm trying to think of one that relate to your school um if you knew the stresses that teachers went through then you would be easier on them so if you knew what it took for a teacher to get to where they are where they're in front of you teaching you and and let's say you didn't care about them if you knew everything that they went through and all the hardships that teachers go through and how they're pushed around then uh you would have more empathy for them so if you're reflecting if you reflected about a situation then you have a different perspective on the situation does that help clarify okay so that's all we have for today um do you have any questions wendy no questions is your connection okay how do you think this could benefit kids if we're taught in schools um because it gives a that's a very good question great question because the sociology of the stages that we go through in our life gives us information that could help us make better decisions while we're in those stages. So for example, if I'm, if I'm elderly, um, let's go back to the very beginning. Um, so if, if I'm elderly, uh, and I've reflected about how I've made mistakes in my adulthood or my young adulthood and my adulthood or whatever, anywhere um then i i wouldn't make those same mistakes so by by thinking about these situations about all of these stages before um before we actually reach these stages uh will benefit greatly because we're a school current school doesn't talk about this stuff current school doesn't talk about how we go through different stages in life and it doesn't talk about our stages that we go through and it doesn't even talk about like when you go through those stages it kind of ignores them too so I think it can benefit the sociology of of the stages of life um the periods of life that one goes through they don't really care about no they don't care about you unfortunately it's a game they're playing a game and information like this they just want to get us out the door they yeah they just want to babysit you and then get you out the door um but information like this could be really great for people to um to think about the types of things that they're going to be thinking about when they get older as they grow and i think this information is relevant to even young children and if it were taught in the correct way i'm not saying that my method is the best way but if we were taught in the correct way then it could be really beneficial for young children because they would gain great empathy yeah they teach you enough so they can get you jobs and not ask questions yeah that's what they want they don't want you asking questions because you don't ask questions in a job okay well i think we're gonna leave it at that um that was the road of life i hope everyone has enjoyed it um it was fun to make uh the road is a really good analogy because it is really like walking a road um because you don't know what's going to come around the corner so i hope you've enjoyed that goodbye



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



35-Open-Source-University-Handbook-17-War-Is-Peace

Everything's been so serious, so let's have a fun episode where we sit back and relax, and I'll tell you about the things in which I like. I like binge-watching stupid TV shows. I don't really care for movies that much, usually. We'll take you to Acapulco, a beach resort town on Mexico's Pacific coast.

Known for its high-energy nightlife and beaches, Acapulco Gold is known for its potency and unique aromatherapy to bring you straight to the beachfront in Mexico. Like fake vegetarian meat.

I love both soups and cooked mushrooms. I love nice hot baths.

I love games. I don't really play them that often, but I'm always keeping up with gaming news and different games that are available.

This one makes me sad, because I really like cigarettes. Hopefully, eventually that will change. I like computers. I really like 3D RPG games I really like the ukulele I love being warm Heaters are awesome I love milk I love Wendy I like a call for an uprising I like making videos focus window loves having fun is the disease of the unvaccinated this is a disease of the unvaccinated and so the more people we get vaccinated the better for the community and agenda is the underlying intentions or motives of of a particular person or group.

It is a plan of things to be done or problems to be addressed. Present the problem. Watch the reaction of the people. Present them a solution that was already ready for implementation before the problem was first presented.

Rants and repeat.

And while Sydneysiders are doing the right thing and getting tested in droves, the wait time for results has blown out dramatically. And we need everyone doing the right thing.

Stuck in their homes. So people have been in lockdown for near on eight weeks with no COVID in their neighbourhood. They're all doing the right thing, but you can feel the anxiety growing. People who are just inside with their kids who've had enough and who are doing the right thing.

Anyone who is caught doing the wrong thing will have to pay up five and a half thousand dollars and Without people doing the right thing we will not get this under control, I don't know We've seen them out on the beat and in force this morning making sure people are doing the right thing And police are checking they're doing the right thing The whole authority was defined as the authority to make judgments on behalf of a group In effect, moral authority provided an individual with the power to decide what was right and wrong within a given circumstance. So let's all do the right thing.

A reflected situation is a different situation than an unreflected one. Imagine how many people there are that are out there that are exposed to these things in their media and don't realize what's going on. And all because they live in an unreflected situation and I live in a reflected situation so I can notice these things. And when I see the news is preaching, when the news is a religion in and of itself because they're passing on moral values, then I start to wonder what's going on.

Where did they receive the authority to tell people what is right and wrong? They're not even qualified in ethics.

A reflected situation is a different situation than an unreflected situation. When taking a test, we might do well on it because we studied and were prepared for it. And by studying, we reflected on the material in which was going to be included on the test. test so when the questions on the test came up about that topic we weren't surprised because we remember studying about them I learn music because I reflect on music by practicing because if we reflect on the road before it If it happens, we will be most prepared for it, seven.

I mean, it's truly a disease, a pandemic of the unvaccinated right now. Clients is an issue. It only takes a handful of people to do the wrong thing, to cause a setback for all of us. The data is showing you this is a pandemic of the ejected.

Police ministry is now also urging people to dub in their neighbors to crime stoppers if they see them doing the wrong thing. These things, right? Isaiah chapter 5 verse 20. Woe unto them that call evil good and good evil, that put darkness for light and light for darkness, that put bitter for sweet and sweet for bitter.

Holy fuck. I didn't think it was possible, but Wendell is getting worse. He's somehow creepier than ever. Let's talk about this. Uploaded today, Wendell shows Wendy messaging him while he gives a presentation. At this point, it's not even trolling. It's some weird homosexual catfishing a schizo.

He has regularly updated his site and YouTube. Everyone, including himself, knows he is being catfished. If he chooses to ignore it or love in a delition is his issue now. Delusion?

I made it very clear that if Wendy was not the one, then I would stop searching for a soulmate.

I don't think Wendy's catfishing, but if she is, then what does it matter? Because she's my last chance anyway at finding love in this life. The problem that I have is that everything that you guys at Kiwi Farm say is wrong. At first, you all claimed me to be lying and be faking Wendy as myself, and that's been proven wrong.

Like, how stupid are you guys?

Wendy has still not given me her photo, and I have never heard her voice. So, maybe you guys are right. but it doesn't matter if you're right or wrong because I'm doing a good thing and even if you're right you lack the eyes to see that I am doing a good thing. This is my last chance to find a wife So, I am going to trust in God, and not Kiwi Farms.

These people can't spell properly, nor speak properly.

Their IQs are the lowest that I have ever seen in my life.

As a result, I will be using these people and their retardation in my films. Kiwi Farms is an illegal site that intentionally abuses people.

People like this are my enemies. People that sign peace yet fight for war is peace. Freedom is slavery and ignorance is strength. Welcome to the New World Order.

Thank you.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



35-Open-Source-University-Handbook-18-Year-of-Light

So with this astronomical rise in price, what happened to the hedge funds that were shorting GameStop? Well, when the stock price started to rise, they tried to short the stock even more, in order to keep the price down. But when that didn't work, they started to get trapped in what's called a short squeeze. A short squeeze is when investors who have a short position are forced to buy back the stock at a higher price than they sold it for, in order to return the stocks they borrowed.

For example, if Shelley borrowed a banana from me and then sold it to Matt for $2, but then the price of banana suddenly went up to $480, Shelley still has to buy the banana back from Matt so she can give it back to me before the price goes up even more. This is called covering your position. In this case, Matt wins big and Shelley loses big. And the ironic thing is that in order to cover their position, hedge funds have to buy the stock they're shorting.

Which drives up the price of the stock even more. That encourages more people to buy the stock. And that makes things worse for the other hedge funds who haven't covered their positions yet. Yeah, that's why it's called a short squeeze.

At times the Israeli response looked disproportionate. In Gaza, an entire 13-storey block of apartments was levelled by Israeli fighter jets.

Israel released this aerial shot of the strike and claimed the building was used by Hamas militants. It's unclear if any civilians were killed. The interior minister in Gaza is claiming multiple police stations have been hit up and down the strip.

A new variant of COVID-19 has been identified among Melbourne's outbreak. unrelated to all other cases in the cluster. Victoria's Chief Health Officer, Brett Sutton, confirming it is the highly transmissible Delta strain that has been spreading over India and the UK. 57 people were charged, 90 infringement notices were handed out and 22 people will face court today.

Two men in their 30s will face court today charged with striking a police horse during yesterday's rally. An image of one of the confrontations quickly going viral with many expressing their outrage. Thousands also took to the streets in other parts of the country. More than 70 people were fined in Melbourne after clashing with police during the demonstrations.

Elsewhere, protesters made their way through the streets of Brisbane while 1,000 drivers formed a car convoy in Perth. We will get to the next phase when Australia reaches 70% of the eligible population who are double-dose vaccinated. We will get to phase C when we hit 80%. Victorians are waking up to lockdown number six.

This is what cafe culture now looks like in Paris. Police roaming the streets, checking that people have a licence to dine.

Patrons need to show proof of vaccination, immunity or a negative test before taking a seat at their favourite cafe. day. Most people comply, but not everyone's happy about it. I really don't know what this is. We're sitting at an outdoor table. There's only two of us.

There's no one around. It's digital absurdist stuff. Posing in Kabul's presidential palace after seizing control of their capital, the Taliban's power grab was as swift as it was shocking. The militants' advance triggered mass panic at the capital's international airport.

Desperate locals scramble to board the last flights out, sprinting across the tarmac as gunshots rang out.

Thousands of prisoners have been freed from jails, including ISIS and Al-Qaeda fighters. In scenes likened to the fall of Saigon, U.S. choppers dominated the Kabul skyline, whisking embassy staff to safety. But this virus will grab onto anybody that it can get to, And right now, kids are unprotected. Yeah, I think 22 percent of Australia, by the latest count, would be under 18.

And you basically cannot get to that herd immunity threshold without including kids. They're part of the herd.

At least 13 U.S. troops and close to 60 Afghan civilians have been killed in a suicide bomb attack near Kabul airport. The twin explosions took place as dozens desperately tried to escape the country. The scene has been described as a massacre.

We've just heard an update from New South Wales on the COVID crisis, where another 1,290 cases were recorded and sadly four more deaths.

Shocking scenes on the streets of Afghanistan this morning. The Taliban holding mock funerals for NATO troops, celebrating the end of US occupation. And in Washington today, the fallout from America's defeat is just beginning. It's the 16 to 39-year-olds that's transmitting the virus at workplaces in the community and families and if we can get them vaccinated rapidly we can make a real difference to the numbers to the transmission and get this thing under control got to encourage young people who feel invulnerable that they need to behave the right way and they need to get vaccinated asap here that someday some courageous person will reverse the present system of school teaching and deal my cause and death blow by allowing the students to become the instructors using those who now serve as teachers only as guides to help the children establish ways and means of developing their own minds from within when that time comes the school teachers will no longer belong to my staff this is your opportunity for those lgas to have access to a beautiful experience in getting vaccinated where there's a will there's a way the family to to go along together across those age groups.

Yay! Family vaccinations. Yay! Be able to, you know, get vaccinated.

And I think to myself, what a wonderful world.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



35-Open-Source-University-Handbook-19-My-Diary

Let me show you what happened. I've had lots of people throughout my life try to encourage me to commit suicide. Why would someone that I love encourage me to commit suicide? I don't know truth from lies anyway because I don't know what she looks like.

And I don't know if she is who she says she is, or if she's even a she, because she would, could never verify any of that information for me. I think I'm finished making videos for a little while. I will just focus on the two incomplete books that I have, Open Source University, and There Will Come Soft Rains.

I did say that if it did not work out between Wendy and I, then I would stop looking for a girl. how horrible is it to try and convince someone else to commit suicide even if you do want to commit suicide with that other person how horrible is that and how much can you love that person because you want that person dead that doesn't make sense I love you so much that I want you to die so now I'm not going to search for romance in my life anymore but if it comes to me then I will warmly welcome it. I thought it very likely that something like this would eventually happen and it kind of exposed Wendy because if she wants me to die then she doesn't want me to live and how can you love someone that you don't want to live for example if we were to marry and I was to die I would want her to live a really good life after I died so I wouldn't want her to die with me I'm I'm not stupid, I thought something like this would come, but I thought the whole situation would be a great example to demonstrate how I would treat my lady. After over ten years of video work, I still have very few followers.

What's the point in doing all of this? Wendell Charles NeSmith This is my life, and I can live it however I choose. I refuse to end my life, like my haters incessantly advise me. My life is God's, and not my own.

I will make videos in this life, and I don't care about what any of you think about me or my videos. it's such a weird phenomena people telling you to end your own life it's happened to me quite a lot over the last ten years although it's happened to me regularly throughout my entire life so why are there people that constantly tell other people to end their own life and why do people try to convince other people to end their own life and why would someone pull someone's heart along for an entire year in order to convince them to end their own life although i knew there was something weird about wendy because she would contact me strangely And she wouldn't send me photos or anything. But I thought she was really genuine sometimes. And she always tried to help me with everything that I was doing.

So it didn't make a lot of sense to me why a troll or someone trying to get you to commit suicide would help you with all the things that you're doing like we wrote almost half of Open Source University the book together and she helped me with ideas for films and stuff like that so it just seemed strange to me why she would do that but then have an alternative agenda I don't think there's any coming back from trying to get your partner to commit suicide it's over it has been a very frustrating year though because she contacts me at all weird hours and I I have to get up and talk to her, and that can be very difficult when I'm trying to sleep. So my sleep's been really bad since I've met her, so it's going to be much better not having to wake up in the middle of the night constantly. I think if this relationship meant anything, it showed to God how I would treat a woman if the right person entered my life. If she was telling the truth, then she could be dead now.

Having an abusive father does that to you. The story was probably going to end soon anyway, because once you reach 13, then you're allowed to legally send and receive videos and photographs, so she would have been required to send me photographs and videos because she was 13 and she knew that. She knew that 13 was significant and she decided to try and get me to kill myself with her on her 13th birthday. Having Having a camera is so good because it enables you to digest what has happened and then interpret it and talk it back to yourself.

So it enables you to articulate the events of your life and then document them in an easy to comprehend format. I don't know how much of Wendy was real, but what I do know is that my relationship with her matured me a lot as a person. What's the point of making videos anymore, Wendell? You don't have an audience. You have just a bunch of people who hate you,

So why keep pressing the record button? You've already done what you needed to do. Just focus on writing books. I know I don't have an audience for them either, but I have to occupy my time in some way and doing that through video is very emotionally draining whereas the pen text allows you to distance your emotions from it so your audience can't see what's going through you at the time of writing it I'm not sad I'm still happy I've been preparing for this moment for a very long time. It's amazing how I managed to dig myself out of these holes. Wendy caused

me to be incarcerated for over a month and she caused me to get injections for seven months, and she caused me to get in a lot of trouble and lose my teaching license.

Whoever Wendy is or was, I still care very much about her, and I was very sad to see the results that manifested. I did that relationship the best I could, and I tried very hard to help her, and I failed. But I don't know all of the circumstances behind everything that's happened, and I'm not going to assume. Maybe I should just use the camera like a diary now. I tried my best in this life, and I tried my best with Wendy. I have no regrets.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



35-Open-Source-University-Handbook-20-Beauty-in-Life

How should I feel? My entire life mission has just failed. What was Wendy? Was she really who she said she was? Or was she just a hater that wanted me to kill myself? The truth is that there

is no way that she could have loved me because you don't encourage someone you love to kill themselves. But maybe she was just a mixed-up girl. It is sad, but there is nothing that I can do. Suicide has been haunting me ever since my childhood. Why are there so many people in

this world that tell other people to kill themselves? Do people not realize how precious life is? The production company behind Open Source University has always been divine tragedy. This is a divine tragedy. From the beginning, I have always known how all of this was going

to turn out. I didn't know all of the little details, but I knew the bigger picture. I have been prepared for this for a long time now. I knew that eventually the end would come. All of this

because I wanted kids to be the founders of Open Source University. I have spent my life seeking out kids that want to build their own education system. But too little too late, I guess. I thought that if I could find a partner that was young, we could spend the rest of our lives together developing the education system. Then the education system would have been built upon

solid foundations, the background conditions proving the model. I just wanted to live in a world where the young are taught by their peers. As Gandhi suggested, be the change you want to see in the world. I wanted so much to enable kids to make and develop their own education system, but the world fought back on every turn, and I have now been beaten. There is no more fighting.

Everything that could have been done has been done. The world doesn't want such social evolution.

Peer-based education is a concept that can't work when you have so many people running around demanding obedience. Some children are very gifted in certain areas. If they focused on teaching those areas to their peers, then they could replace the teacher with the student. Although such a system is best implemented on the internet, the same theory applies in face-to-face teaching.

Teachers need to become more like moderators in guiding the classroom to fruition.

Teachers should empower the students to teach each other.

Nothing more can I do to find my soulmate. Nothing more can I do to find a like mind.

Nothing more can I do to get her attention.

Nothing more can I do to broadcast this message. I have no more heart to pour out. It feels though the entire world has turned its back on me. I have an entire thread dedicated to insulting me.

For giving myself to the world, I was slaughtered.

How is a hopeless romantic to find love in a world devoid of it? How can I find a soul that will merge into mine?

One life and not two lives.

What is there left in this world for me? I only get older. How appropriate for a hopeless romantic to die alone What more is there for me in this world?

Emotions are the most powerful force known to humankind If you are reading my work without them, then you are reading my work wrong How we feel about things manifests the reality that we exist within Feeling deeply will mature you as a person. Those who are not emotional beings are losing out in what life has to offer.

Emotions are beautiful, and don't let anyone tell you any differently.

Life doesn't always turn out the way we want it to, but that doesn't mean that life is worth giving up on. Things might end up pear-shaped, but it is experience that we lived through. We will become a wiser tree as we live through the harsh weather conditions.

Life is not for giving up. Life is for making it everything that you can. No suffering is in vain because the blemishes eventually shine into beauty if your heart is in the right place.


༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
https://republicka.life
https://kkk.education
CC0 PUBLICKÁ DOMÁNIA
ALL LOVE RESERVED
AMORIARIACKA IS MY NATIVE TONGUE
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻