༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
🙏 I Love God 🙏
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻

March 17, 2022


I love God with all of my heart. If you also have a special place in your heart for God, then I would like to talk to you. My vision is simple: find 3-5 God-inspired individuals to communicate with through video. Such high-functioning communication is the future of our society. Let us stand as model examples of virtuous individuals trying to hero ourselves through life. For we only get one opportunity to do this thing called life. Let us stand against all oppression so that we can say to our kids that we did everything that we could to fix this world.


------


37-I-Love-God-Episode-1-My-Vision

My name is Wendell Charles NeSmith, and I love God. Why did I choose to name this TV show, I Love God? Because I am trying to attract other people who also love God. And maybe others who love God will stumble upon my work and go, hey, I love God too.

Maybe I should watch this. Maybe the information in which he discusses is important because he loves God just like I do. So, hopefully I can catch the eyes and hearts of those who also love God. Pygmalion.

Pygmalion saw so much to blame in women that he came at last to abhor the sex and resolved to live unmarried. He was a sculptor and had made with wonderful skill a statue of ivory so beautiful that no living woman came anywhere near it. It was indeed the perfect semblance of a maiden that seemed to be alive and only prevented from moving by modesty. His art was so perfect that it concealed itself and its product looked like the workmanship of nature.

Pygmalion admired his own work, and at last fell in love with the counterfeit creation. Oftentimes he laid his hand upon it, as if to assure himself whether it were living or not, and could not even then believe that it was only ivory. He caressed it, and gave it presents such as young girls love. Bright shells and polished stones, little birds and flowers of various hues, beads and amber he put raiment on its limbs and jewels on its fingers and a necklace about its neck to the ears he hung earrings and strings of pearls upon the breast her dress became her and she looked not less charming than when unattired he laid her on a couch spread with cloths of Tyrian dye and called her his wife and put her head upon a pillow of the softest feathers as if she could enjoy their softness. The festival of Venus was at hand, a festival celebrated with

great pomp at Cyprus. Victims were offered, the altars smoked, and the odor of incense filled the air. When Pygmalion had performed his part in the solemnities, he stood before the altar and timidly said, Ye gods who can do all things, give me, I pray you, for my wife. He dared not say, my ivory virgin, but said instead, One like my ivory virgin. Venus, who was present at the

festival, heard him and knew the thought he would have uttered, and as an omen of her favor, caused the flame on the altar to shoot up thrice in a fiery point into the air. When he returned home, he went to see his statue and, leaning over the couch, gave it a kiss to the mouth. It seemed to be warm. He pressed its lips again.

He laid his hand upon the limbs. The ivory felt soft to his touch and yielded to his fingers like the wax of Hymetus. While he stands astonished and glad, though doubting, and fears he may be mistaken, again and again with the lover's ardor he touches the object of his hopes. It was indeed alive.

The veins, when pressed, yielded to the finger and again resumed their roundness. Then at last the votary of Venus found words to thank the goddess and pressed his lips upon lips as real as his own. The Virgin felt the kisses and blushed, and opening her timid eyes to the light, fixed them at the same moment on her lover. Venus blessed the nuptials she had formed, and from this union Paphos was born, from whom the city, sacred to Venus, received its name.

Schiller, in his poem The Ideals, applies this tale of Pygmalion to the love of nature in a youthful heart. The following translation is furnished by a friend. As once with prayers in passion flowing, Pygmalion embraced the stone, till from the frozen marble glowing the light of feeling o'er him shone. So did I clasp with young devotion bright nature to a poet's heart, Till breath and warmth and vital motion Seemed through the statue form to dart And then in all my ardor sharing The silent form expression found Returned my kiss of youthful daring And understood my heart's quick sound Then lived for me the bright creation The silver rill with song was rife The trees, the roses, shared sensation, an echo of my boundless life.

Let's take a moment to reflect upon this Bible verse. Thy kingdom come, thy will be done. In earth, as it is in heaven, thy kingdom come, thy will be done. In earth as it is in heaven Thy kingdom come, thy will be done In earth as it is in heaven We see what we don't like in the world And we have to shape it into what we do like So Pygmalion saw what he didn't want in women And then he shaped his world to focus on what he did like in women The internet has a lot of really bad things on it And the systems work really bad and the corporations that own everything are really bad.

I see what I don't like in the internet, and I try to shape it into what I do like. Here is my vision. A group of three to five people who talk to each other through video like this. So, we discuss subjects that are important to our heart through video like this.

And we all follow each other, and we respond to each other, and we communicate to each other through video.

What do we talk about?

Sophia is divine wisdom. philosophy, theology, technology, sociology, psychology. This is how we spiritually prepare for the fallout. This group will realize that time is of the essence because our society is deteriorating rapidly. Evil runs rampant as a cancer within our society. We elect

wicked people to rule our lives. I transformed bad into good. My life was really bad but now my life is really good do not be like them for your father knows what you need before you ask him just like Pygmalion we shape our lives lives and everything in them. Everything in my life is like, how can I make this better? What can I do to shape this into perfection? Using this method, the quality of your life will improve and improve and improve and improve.

What do I want the internet to be for me? I want to talk through video to a few people about all of these topics that I present. That is my goal. If you would be interested in doing such video collaboration then please contact me at wendell at nesmith dot net life is a song but we have to play it a new world order is upon us it is happening our only choice is what we make it our only input is what we shape it into dear children let's not merely say that we love each other let us show the truth by our actions how cool whoever can be be trusted with very little can also be trusted with much and whoever is dishonest with very little will also be dishonest with much so if you sinful people know how to give good gifts to your children how much more will your Your Heavenly Father, give the Holy Spirit to those who ask Him.

It's important to keep in mind that it's needed to access something pleasant, such as an actual of doing something fun, to prevent something unpleasant. By making sure that you always provide the most motivating factors for your dog, you will ensure reliability in your dog's obedience. The dog is trying to, the dog is doing the behavior. The behavior itself is self-reporting or self-rewarding, meaning the behavior is actually fun, like chasing rabbits. The dog may never catch the rabbit, but the act of chasing the

rabbit feels so good to the dog that it continues to do that behavior. There is a lot that we can learn from dogs. If our motivations were similar to dogs, then we would live much happier lives. But humans are much more complex and the reasons we do things are not always to get pleasure or avoid pain is that I don't have everything that I want but everything I need everything I need comes to me exactly when I need it in the precise quantity that's required for me to continue doing my work it's extraordinary and it comes down to this principle is that if you are being who you're supposed to be if you're doing what you're supposed to be doing. The universe will respect you and will give you what you

need in order to continue your great work. Our God is an awesome God. He reigns from heaven above with wisdom and power and love. Our God is an awesome God Our God is an awesome God He reigns from heaven above With wisdom and power and love Our God is an awesome God Comfortably on a pension I don't have to work in this life All of my needs are taken care of. I don't live a luxurious life, but I live a very well-rounded life. Everything I need comes to me when I need it.

And slowly I collect everything so I don't need anything. So slowly I am building my life up so that everything that I could ever want I have already. I want a bed base for my bed.

I want a desk.

And I want an office chair.

I want a spare TV and a spare laptop.

I have been living on the ground for so long, and I am tired of it. I want to be a human and live elevated.

I don't really need these things. I just want these things because they would make my life a lot more comfortable. So they are goals to work for.

Search me, oh God, and know my heart. Test me and know my anxious thoughts. Point out anything in me that offends you. And lead me along the path of everlasting life.

How cute. Her ears have grown so big.

Here's another one of her. She's so cute. On the washing machine, on the washing machine. It's starting to look like a living room, yeah?

How is this for a desk and an office chair? How cute.

This was donated to me by a very compassionate individual. The days of me living on the ground are almost behind me.

Ready, set, wee, wee, wee, wee, dizzy.

I'm gonna get a unicorn, I'm gonna get a unicorn. My camera has a home now. I had to live the exact life that I did in order to get to where I am now.

Goodbye, $3,500.

For where your treasure is, there your heart will be also.

What a lap dog. I love life. Thank you, God.

Sophia. Hey, girl. Hey, girl. How are you? How are you, Sophia? How are you?

Humans are not always like dogs. They do not always do things for pleasure or the avoidance of pain. I make videos and that does not help me in life. Other than the fact of organizing my thoughts, I make videos in hopes to find other people to make videos with. And if I find that, then it would have all been worth it.

I'll take really good care of her. Dogs help you live a lot better quality life. Instead of being anxious for what's going to happen tomorrow, you're in the moment having fun with your dog. For those who have followed along since the last show, JB, NDIS rejected me.

Oh well, I still have a puppy.

I am morally driven to make videos because there is a possibility that I will reach more eyes. And since that is a possibility and since that is actually happening, I can't just stop making videos because I'm reaching more people. Even though it's not a lot, I'm still reaching people and I need to be there for others. That's my moral obligation in this life.

So I'm going to continue to make videos even if it's not very helpful to my life.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



37-I-Love-God-Episode-2-I-Am-Alive

her temperament is really good she is relaxed and chilled and she's picking up potty training pretty well right when I got her she peed on the floor but I think she has learned because she uses her pee mat to pee now but she tends to poo wherever she wants so peeing is on the right track but pooing is not. She has white around her butthole. It's twice as big as her but she really likes it. I forgot that puppies sleep like 20 hours per day you so boring her temperament is different than any dog that I have had before she's just so chill chill yeah chill I'm just going to fill up my camera with her she's so cute she loves my hair yummy I'm just going to let this series be whatever it becomes I'm not going to push it to be anything and if it becomes just a scrapbook of Sophia then so be it Thank you, God.

Sleep, play, poop, cuddle, pee, the life of a puppy.

When I first got her, she wasn't interested in play at all, nor food. She was only interested in cuddles for the first few days that I had her. She is getting better with potty training. She knows where she needs to go to the bathroom.

She just is naughty sometimes and doesn't always go there, but most of the time she goes to the right place. And let us not be weary in well-doing, for in due season we shall reap if we faint not. I learned something about how God works. And I'm not saying that this is how God works for everybody.

But I am saying that this is how God seems to work for me. I can ask God for things and God will deliver them to me if my intentions are pure. but I can't ask God for people like the people in my life are the people in my life and God doesn't seem to deliver people to me but God always delivers me the things that I need in life and even the things that I want in life God delivers them to me so my prayers need to change a little bit to be more on the physical what I need to survive and live a happy life instead of asking God again and again and again for a wife because that's not going to work because God has a plan, and if I'm destined to find a wife, then I will. But if I'm not, then I need to be happy with the life that God has provided me.

Which of you fathers, if your son asks for a fish, will give him a snake instead? I've had a lot of issues with this verse because I kept on asking for a wife. And I was given snakes instead. But my problem was I was asking for a person and not a thing.

God delivers people when the time is right in your life. God delivers things when the time is right in your life. And God will deliver what you need and want whenever the time is right. Maybe asking for people is too much, but everything else can be asked for by God.

And if your heart's right and you dedicate yourself to getting it, then God will provide. Another thing that I have discovered is that God is not slow in delivering you what you need and what you want. As soon as you realize what you need or what you want, God is preparing you to receive that. And soon after you discover this, if your heart's in the right place and you are determined to achieve your goals, then your prayers will be delivered. Maybe Pygmalion was a bit in Ur

when he prayed to Venus for a person. Because in my experience, God does not deliver people to you until it's God's time.

There's no verse in the Bible that says pray for a wife and you will receive one. But I wish everyone were single just as I am. Yet each person has a special gift from God of one kind or another.

Now to the unmarried and the widows I say, It is good for them to stay unmarried. Thanks, Paul.

What is a good prayer request and what is a bad prayer request? We need to think about this in order to get what we want out of life, because I spent over 10 years praying for a wife, and look how that turned out. If you're constantly praying for something that you can't obtain, then that will make you depressed in life. So be really careful about your prayer requests.

Make them things that are achievable. And that doesn't mean don't pray for miracles. That means that we have to shape our lives one step at a time. And we can't have everything until we have little by little by little obtained everything.

I still can't help it. I'll still pray for a wife. But I understand if I don't obtain her. I watched an article on science and aging and they said some people age really slowly and they said that if you look really young for your age then you are young for your age because if you age slowly then you literally age slowly.

her potty training has been up and down she has gone other places a handful of times but every single time she has done it I have caught her in the act so she gets a correction which is a no and then I pick her up and then place her where she needs to go. Puppies are a lot of work, aren't they? Sophia, Sophia, what's this? What's this?

This is where she is supposed to go. You have to remember that they're not intentionally peeing and pooing where they're not supposed to. They're just stupid. They just have a small head with a small brain. A lot smarter than humans though. Little baby Sophia is a lot of work, but she's

a bundle of cuddles. Bundle of joy? Something like that. Out of everything, including food and toys. The lap is her favorite thing to do. She loves being on my lap. She'll just sit on the

side of the bed and whine at me until I let her up in my lap. What I'm providing with all of this is my testimony because I know through experience that good things do happen to good people and that you just have to tough it out in order to succeed. I come from rags and now I live in at least what I perceive as riches. So the story of rags to riches is very true or can be very true. My life is a miracle and I want to share my testimony to all who will listen.

I was homeless for a good portion of a decade and I had nothing to my name, not even my identification because I destroyed all of that. So I had nothing and it took me time to re-situate my life, find out where I belong and then live that life and I've been doing that for a while now so I wanted to share my experiences with you. Why do bad things happen to good people? To make them stronger. Listen to this whingy thing. People spend their lives trying to

purchase a nice house and a nice car but all the while they forget how to live it they waste their lives away and miss the priceless memories that could have been created if they only spent their lives living it instead of working she did She did really, really good. She left me, left the room, went to her pee pad, and went poo all by herself. Good job, girl. She's been having problems going from one room to another, so she is doing very well.

The next philosopher that I really jive with, even though I don't really agree with a lot of the conclusions, I still appreciate is Wendell Charles NeSmith. Fucking amazing, amazing person. Done some pretty incredible things. If you don't know who he is, I start with the Time Machine videos.

those were those are the ones that spoke to me the strongest and made the most sense to me but uh they're all good they're all good in their own way you know you have to accept that that uh his his uh love of innocence goes towards pedophilia kind of notions but he's not not ashamed of it which to me is the the number one thing you know he uh he knows that about himself and it's just like, yeah, that's who I am, you know?

One interesting thing about philosophers is that they've always been people who have had time, right? Time to think about things, time to discuss things and to communicate things. And it's frustrating that we don't have more people like that because the world is set up in such a way that it monopolizes your time and it makes you worry about things that don't really matter.

You're going to have to help me pronounce this, Jale-Lane-Cossus? I'm not sure. You're going to have to correct me with that. And that was from this video.

I have been speaking to this individual for a few years now, but we have never done any video collaboration before.

Nuh-uh, Jelly. Dogs are better than cats. Dogs are better than cats. I don't know about mindfulness, but everybody has a rhythm.

And when they find their rhythm, then their life dramatically improves. So it's like, do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do. And it's like, you follow along and you just be who you are. And that's the problem I see a lot in society is people are putting on faces being who other people want them to be instead of being who they are.

I'm glad that you don't have my views. That would be weird if you had my views. You should have your own views, so good job on doing that.

As always, I love you all. Question, come to your own conclusions. Stay vigilant. I really liked your quote about, if you're not posting, then how do you know you're alive?

That was really clever.

My experience of mindfulness is locked inside of psychiatric wards, where they tell you that you should be mindful of things. they have these really stupid sessions and they don't help back to the rhythm boo boo boo boo boo boo one thing another thing another thing another thing another thing it's like once you get in sync with yourself everything happens naturally and you don't need to worry about that stupid stuff about being mindful of yourself and your surroundings. Is being mindful knowing who you are? Mindfulness is a type of meditation in which you focus on being intensely aware of what you're sensing and feeling in the moment without interpretation or judgment. Practicing

mindfulness involves breathing methods guided imagery and other practices to relax the body and mind and help reduce stress I'm going to brush that under the rug just like yoga I have a cross upon my back and Sophia has a cross upon her chest. Jalei, time machine was really fun. I confused myself multiple times throughout that series. Jalei, the reason I speak slowly is because I want to be articulate and it is the way that my mind processes information. If you notice, I

I speak in short bursts usually so usually I don't go on a long rant I'll just speak a short few sentences a short paragraph and then move on from there so it's the way that my mind works speaking slowly but articulately cats don't love you cats love themselves dogs love you. I hope that you like this method of communication because I see it as the highest form of communication that one can speak because the information doesn't just ping-pong between you and I, it also ping-pongs between both of our followers. I really like it how you're portable. You take the camera with you on life's adventures and then talk out those adventures. What

you're doing is what I'm talking about and I'm sure that you notice that slowly but surely you gain more and more wisdom by doing this. I like your artistic expressions and the way that your camera visualizes the world. I do have one On critique though, I want to see your face more. Scenes of what's in front of you is all good, but I would like to see your face more. I liked how on your Pygmalion video

you turned the camera back around and walked while pointing the camera back at you. Just imagine if we communicate like this for the rest of our lives, how wise will we become? You talked about writing and flow, and that is how I write. I get into another world in my head, and the information just flows from me.

You said that you usually write in front of a computer, but I usually write on my phone. I use that terrible keyboard to write entire books on my phone because I like to be portable, which is why I have a camera that is portable. You say that humans aren't as simple as dogs, just like I was saying in the last episode, but John Stuart Mill doesn't think the same way because he advocates utilitarianism, which means the greatest amount of happiness with the least amount of pain. And from my perception, utilitarianism would be the same as a dog, because you're just weighing up pleasure and pain, and not considering morals in the equation.

Like in utilitarianism, abortion could be considered okay if the positives outweigh the negatives. You can really justify anything with utilitarianism, as long as you swing it the right way.

As far as Pygmalion goes, have you ever thought that maybe society is grooming us?

Our mainstream media tells us how we should be, and we as a collective stand in line.

If I'm not posting, how do I even know that I am alive?

If I'm not posting, how does anyone else know that I am alive?



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



37-I-Love-God-Episode-3-Ping-Pong

Isn't electricity interesting? It's like magic. It's like flicking a switch and then boom something happens. I don't understand electricity and I've spoken to multiple electricians who didn't really understand electricity either.

just because you understand how it is produced doesn't mean you understand how it truly originates who can understand all of this stuff I can buy stuff and just plug it in and then turn it on and it does things like what is this thing doing what's it thinking like how can it produce what's here and how can all of those components make one system and how does this function what's going on to power this I understand that there's pixels and the pixels making image but what's going on to make this display light up before me I can put oil into metal and then run electricity through it heating the metal which then heats the oil which then keeps this hot for longer and easier sustainably and what goes into making this what this is two sections so there's like two different molds and it's split in half and there's screws that go in and affix it to secure it and this metal obviously has a mold as well and this has a mold as well and what about printing did you know each printer has its own style of printing so you can find out if you wanted to what printer printed what so So I plug it in and electricity, this mysterious thing called electricity, which is produced in various ways, turns it on and with electricity flowing through it, it's able to move. What's going on with this thing? like super connected to the internet what is the internet what about this thing how was this thing created she's perfect she's a boutique dog and she knows it what went into making this and what are these look at these they're like legs well why are there legs why why would this thing exist why would my legs exist? Why do my legs exist? What are legs? What are words? Why am I using the

word leg? Why was it called a leg to begin with? Why do we call this a heater? What is with language? How can I express myself when all I'm doing is trying to

articulate some abstraction. What is money? How is it circulated? How is it created? What goes in to the money system? And how do stocks work? What are

stocks? And what is the stock market? And how does the stock market work? And if I knew all these things I still wouldn't understand them. The only thing I know is

that I know nothing. What is the internet? A bunch of computers hooked up? What is wireless? How can it travel through the air? And what type of radiation is it

emitting and what and how is that affecting my body and what is 5g what is 4g what is 3g we talking about frequencies here like and how does that work and how do we use those frequencies to get internet it's like it's just provided to us and we don't comprehend the background of how it's working it's like the chicken or the egg which came first the chicken or the egg and that would be the chicken because God created the chicken and then the chicken had reproductive capabilities but when you think of it logically which came first the chicken or the egg if you don't consider God in the equation we don't really know just like we don't know what electricity is or we don't know what wireless is or we don't know what medicine is or we don't know what language is or we don't know what technology is or we don't know what politics are or we don't know what the stock market system is we don't know any of these things and we're trying to act like we do we assume them we assume them in our lives it's like when we take a step we assume that our foot's gonna hit the ground and then we can take another step it's like we get confidence in it because society has always provided it and we don't really understand these things even a mechanic doesn't really know how a car works the mechanic was given many studies of different cars and has a lot of practical experience on how to assemble different parts that they're provided to make the car function and be efficient. So we don't really understand anything that we're doing or anything that we're talking about. I don't understand what I'm talking about. I'm just talking about something I don't understand.

And that's what communication really is, is people talking about things that they don't understand and they assume information and that information hasn't been painted in. It's left blank. So there's blank information that's being assumed in people's psychology actively. It's like brainwashing by taking for granted that we don't know anything.

We don't teach the quote of Socrates to our students because we want them to believe that what these teachers are teaching is something that the teachers actually know when in fact The teachers don't know anything. They're just effective at communicating information, and that information might be right or wrong, but either way you look at it, they don't understand what they're talking about. No one really understands what they're talking about, and when you understand this, all of life becomes a comedy, because when you're talking to people, they're always assuming information, that they're always acting like they know stuff. and when you know deep down that they don't know anything it's funny when people act like they know stuff which is what everybody's doing everybody's acting like they know stuff in this world and they get these jobs that prove that they know stuff when in fact they know nothing they just know a process they're indoctrinated into a process. The Bible is a book

of moral stories that will teach you virtue and happiness in life. I'm not sure if I believe the Bible is 100% historically accurate, and I think that maybe Some of the stories and miracles were portrayed artistically to condition virtuous behavior like mythology. So the Bible, my life revolves around the Bible because it teaches moral virtue better than any other source that I have ever found in this life, but I am unsure whether I would consider the Bible absolute. I think the Bible uses metaphor more than people realize.

I think there's people that understand that they don't understand, and there's people that don't understand that they don't understand. So this came from a mold and in that mold they used oil and other materials to form a hard plastic and this was a tree actually and metal really how is metal made? I don't really know how metal made metal is made um I guess we could always go to Reardon Metal from Atlas Shrugged it's ironic because in this life to truly get it you have to realize that you don't get any of it. So once you realize that you don't understand anything, then you understand everything.

Thank you, Jell-A, for your work because it has inspired me to be more creative in my approach. And now admit that I'm stupid and I can't put one and one together and that I know nothing. What is all of this stuff? This is all completely artificial.

There is nothing here that is natural. I can kind of understand a tree. But all of this stuff is what humans need to live. And none of it is natural.

We live in artificial worlds that is kind of the meaning of this tattoo is creating and developing new worlds and that is what I think that I am good at this is the artificial world that I have created for myself what does your artificial world look like Jalei, your artificial world is very beautiful.

All of these components make a human one human.

What do all of these things truly do? And how do they work? Especially this guy. Because I don't have the brain to be able to understand the brain.

Because one thing only I know, and that is that I know nothing.

In fact, I don't even know that. I don't even know that I know nothing. all I know is that I love God that is all that is within me because I am stupid entirely in every other field every single one I don't understand anything I don't even understand language and I don't even understand people when they talk. But I know that I love God. What is God? I don't know. I just know that I love

God. That's all. I can't even know that I know nothing because what if I knew something and I didn't know it. Jale, Time Machine was really trippy. I was possessed while making it. I

can't believe what came out of my mouth because it wasn't things that I planned out. It was all spontaneous and it turned out amazingly. So I'm glad you liked that one. Out of all my work you chose time machine and i admire that so you knew this thing was just a ride the whole time yeah you thought you could really travel through time huh yeah i guess i did yeah the smartest guy in the world you're pretty dumb sometimes so why didn't you tell us because i like money i'm sorry but if it's not a real time machine there wouldn't have been any money you You know, because I can't go back in time and open a savings account.

No, no, no, it's okay. Well, I guess we're stuck here. But then, an even greater force emerged. The un, and the un, un-Nazi the world.

Time machine can be found right here. The eyes of the Lord watch over those who do right, and his ears are open to their prayers, but the Lord turns his face against those who do evil. I have quite a good following. I just posted this recently.

I have enough people. How can I get my followers to interact with me? Just contact me at Wendell at Nesmith dot net. Why do people record like this instead of like this?

Dead space. Dead space. No dead space.

How do they make buildings? Especially the larger ones. They're just massive. And a construction project like that is absolutely huge.

How does it all work? And when the building becomes not structurally sound, how do they bring it down safely? How do they demolish it safely? That's crazy.

How does the government work? How do laws work? It's just a lot of written stuff that they call official, which then forces the people to obey certain rules and regulations. I'm just here to have fun. How fun is this?

Because we're stuck in a bubble.

Satan likes to box you up.

Life isn't so simple. Our assumptions could always be wrong. Not many of you should become teachers, my fellow believers, because you know that we who teach will be judged more strictly. How many teachers teach like they actually know something?

This is why they will be judged more strictly, Because if they act like they know something, then they don't know something, which is that they don't know what they're talking about. But the pride and arrogance that I have seen in teachers over the years makes me really sad about the state of our education system. The education system is like, we know something, we'll feed it to you. I am like, I don't know anything.

You want to eat?

I'm very adaptive in life. Life just happens and I let it happen. Interruptions come and I let them come. Whatever happens in life just happens and I let it unfold.

And I always end up doing what I need to do.

Whatever the world throws my way, I am prepared because in God I walk. God really means the world to me because God saved me. Because I let God in and God repaired me as a person. and made me better because God motivates me to be a good person and it doesn't matter that I am really stupid because I try really hard in my life to be a good person and that is the most important thing in my life to me, to be a good person and to live a meaningful life.

You're the god of this city, you're the king of these people, you're the lord of this nation, you all. Thanks Jaleh for playing ping pong with me. I have been wanting to do something like this for over a decade now. So let's live life together and play ping pong together through video.

It'll be really fun and we can include each other in our lives now. And we have video to back it up. And we both got a group of followers. So it'll be good. Let's do this thing.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



37-I-Love-God-Episode-4-It-Is-Finished

Cats are better than dogs, and it's because they love themselves. That's my opinion, but you have to forgive the differences or whatever. A lot of people need that unconditional love from a lesser sentience. Hell yeah. Is that right?

It fills a gap. They can't fill themselves and cats don't have that problem. Yep, it fills the gap of the wife. Or should I say lack thereof.

She needs me and that makes me feel good. The only problem that I have with this form of communication is that I don't know into the future it is bulletproof. Text is clearly more bulletproof as long as digital logic will persist and the bytes that store the plain text files continue to exist. We'll be able to recall that information, whereas video is much more temperamental.

It is prone to being broken by new formats, outdated things become to you. We even have experienced this, I've experienced this through my own lifetime, you know, all those Flash games and stuff that were super popular in the early 2000s and even the 2010s. now are very difficult to consume now because that format is an outdated one. And so it becomes difficult to want to invest wholly into something like video and even more into something like game design and stuff like that.

And currently we live in a world where there is huge amounts of energy, but we see on the horizon through turmoil, the prices of gas and whatever rising.

And that will have impacts on what kind of technology can persist into the future. To a certain extent, I agree with you, but video is what the people of our time watch. People read books less and less, so even though storing the information is much easier and processing the information is much easier, and that could then be indexed in search engines much easier than video can be, People watch videos. People are spending their lives watching videos.

They're not spending their lives reading books anymore. There's very few people that read books nowadays. So books are not with the times. So even though you're right, the technology takes more processing power and all of that.

And it's more difficult to be indexed. We'll see it through and all formats of videos will continue to be supported throughout the ages because video is not going anywhere. How we view video might change, but the video itself is not going anywhere because it's what people consume. backwards is God? I like to think that I am God's dog.

How to be? The answer there would be I need to go through all of my videos and convert them all into a text file. Then you lose all of the art. I see your point about text. If the world were

going to end. If like an apocalyptic event happened and the internet and technology as we know it ceased to exist, then text would be a lot more bulletproof to withstand the tribulations of time. I know that you know how I think that text is really important as well because I write books but those books are supplementary to the videos. My videos is my main platform and you're right there's a lot more complexities with video because you have audio and video and then you have containers that encapsulate the video and audio such as mp4 and mp3 and these containers can get outdated. How can you not just love this face to bits? I really like to feel

needed in life and she makes me feel needed I feel the need to train and protect her and teach her not to poop where she's not supposed to I feel like a daddy well this is gonna take a while now I basically this thing I'm holding It has some kind of arcane device in literally golden ways that allow for communication that I'm doing. Knowing that you don't know anything is like, well, what's the point of even learning anything? What's the point of doing anything? Because everything I could learn and do is founded on unknowns.

That's where science comes from, right? We have these unknown observations about things. My point was that humans make too many assumptions. Let's not get bogged down in not knowing anything.

But let us understand that this world is too complex for us to truly understand anything. People's pride gets in the way as they share knowledge with others. All the while, that knowledge might indeed be useless. Humans create knowledge. Knowledge does not exist in the world.

It is like the serpent in the Garden of Eden. We took the bite from the tree of knowledge, giving us an appearance of knowledge, when in fact no true knowledge existed. My attack is on our education system, making assumptions about stuff they truly know nothing about. I hate how kids get spoon-fed incorrect information that will in fact hurt their lives. We must protect our children from the indoctrination of society.

What having a puppy does is feel the longing for having a kid, because I really wanted a kid in this life, but I have to settle for a puppy. Sit. Yes. Lay. Yes. Spin. Spin. Yes. Sit. Yes. Lay. Yes. Sit. Spin. Spin. Yes. Lay. Yes.

She's nine weeks old. Could a cat do that? Now she's doing it like a champ. Watch this.

lay, yes, sit, yes, spin, yes, sit, yes, lay, yes, sit, yes, spin, spin, yes, sit, yes, lay, yes, try one more time, spin, yes, how good are you? to say i mean this is why i said earlier about the socrates quote wisdom is to know you know nothing because all possibility is there and to focus attention and say this is the only possibility this is the only way things can be is a denial of the reality and the nature of she's no longer chill anymore. She's a crazy puppy. She is such a rat bag. She keeps on pooing and peeing

where she's not supposed to, and she keeps on running away from me and trying to hang out in another room while I'm in another room, which isn't cool, and she just won't stop biting she's a lot of work but I love her with all of my heart she was barking earlier ow ow ow start children off on the way they should go and even when they are old they will not turn from it trust in the Lord with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding in all your ways submit to him and he will make your paths straight my life has been so good I have good friends a lot to do a good dog everything in my life has gone so well It's like reached its maturity and I'm really proud of my life. Crazy puppy, crazy puppy. Now what are you eating? Something on the floor?

Does it taste good? She's starting to get the hang of potty training. She went to the mat to pee all by herself just now. and now she is licking her private parts that she just used to pee now she's eating her foot this is like two minutes after that other video and she went to the mat again and then pooed how good is she she's really good she's getting the hang of it. Yay. You okay? Chill out. It's okay. After I finished JB I felt very relieved because

it felt like I said everything that I needed to say. I got everything off my chest that I needed to and that's a really good feeling. My working with vulnerable people card decision has come in and they have canceled it here is the letter that's it decision made it has been determined on the balance of probabilities that I pose an extreme level of risk causing physical psychological and emotional harm to a vulnerable person if I were engaged in a regulated activity or service. Taking all available information into consideration, it has been assessed that I pose an unacceptable risk of harm to vulnerable people whilst engaged in a regulated activity or service. It's time to hang my hat up. I'm not going to say

that I'm going to quit doing this for good, because I might make some episodes still here and there, but for the most part my work is done. It comes at a good time. Society stops me working with vulnerable people, and I guess I have to stop working with vulnerable people, is you. Thank you for hearing out my case and listening to my words. It really means

a lot to me. I have no reason to do this anymore. I've said everything that I wanted to say, and the government doesn't want me to do it, and the people don't want me to do it, so Why should I continue? I have created a beautiful life for myself.

And it is time for me to now live out that life. What was the point of my education? All of that work and they won't even allow me to do what I was trained to do. I could have investigated everything that interested me without a university to assist me with that. What is the point of a university? I think that stopping when my working with

vulnerable people card is canceled is a good idea. This all didn't just happen. This has been a long time coming. I think I will use this TV show to occasionally report back in with you guys to tell you how I am doing, but I think for the most part, I am finished.

I do feel disappointed with my efforts, but it's time to start a new era.

When he had received the drink, Jesus said, It is finished. With that, he bowed his head and gave up his spirit.

If I am going to continue to get in trouble for making videos and writing books, then I am going to stop making videos and writing books.

I'm sorry that I couldn't be better and reach more people. Maybe it is best if my philosophy is buried. I have received no benefits or income for doing any of this. It is time I stopped.

I can't even convince my friends to watch a single episode.

Thanks world for giving me the opportunity.

I tried my best.


༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
https://republicka.life
https://kkk.education
CC0 PUBLICKÁ DOMÁNIA
ALL LOVE RESERVED
AMORIARIACKA IS MY NATIVE TONGUE
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻