༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
🔚 Closure 🔚
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻

June 14, 2022


Closure is the concluding statements on a lifetime's worth of work. In it we explore what it all means and how it is valuable for life in the fourth industrial revolution.


------


38-Closure-Episode-1-Lessons-Learned

Closure is a sense of resolution or conclusion at the end of an artistic work. It is a feeling that an emotional or traumatic experience has been resolved.

My name is Wendell Charles NeSmith, and I have said everything that I wanted to say through video. There is nothing else that I can think of that is important for me to say, besides some concluding words reflecting upon the work. I wanted to start off by expressing to you how embarrassing all of this has been for me, because actively writing your future, that's what you're doing with these videos, is a process that has no filter. Meaning that it happens on camera as it happens. The story unfolds on camera and I have little to say about its outcome because its outcome would be whatever the camera told, which would be what events unfolded.

I made mistakes. I am not perfect despite what I express in my artistic work. I am a human being despite me saying otherwise in my work. I acted a lot in my work, and I have regrets about doing that sometimes, specifically with when I acted like I was Jesus and when I acted like I was the devil.

I think I went a little bit too far in doing that, but the work is what it is. The nudity. I shouldn't have done that. I know that I expressed it artistically, but it was taken out of context by haters, and that made me look really bad.

So, I shouldn't have done the nudity, although there wasn't many times when I did it, the few times that I did do it, haters took that information and grabbed screenshots and then posted that, taking it out of its context. So, the nudity negatively affected me quite significantly. I focus so much on mythology, and I eventually learned that mythology is kind of evil, so I shouldn't have focused so much on mythology. I know I was trying to create an active living mythology, but mythology is about gods and goddesses, and it's against what God wants.

There's not gods and goddesses. There's only one God. And I guess us humans can become gods and goddesses, but we would be God's God and God's goddess.

But I guess that the mythology was a mistake that I made that if I could do it all over again, I would take back and I would focus more on Christian ideology. Although I did focus on Christian ideology quite significantly. But still, I have some problems with parts of Christian ideology anyway. So it's kind of hard because I fit in nowhere, but I've always strived for the divine.

and that divine is found with God and the divine is found within gods and goddesses and it's not that there's not much in this world that can help educate you in the ways of wisdom So I kind of worked with what I had. If this world were different, everything could be different. But I had to work with the world that I was born into and focusing on mythology helped me become a better person. But maybe some of the thoughts like we shouldn't be worshiping these entities and I tried to express that throughout all of my work.

But I find that kind of important, that we shouldn't be elevating these entities up and bowing down to them like they're divine. Because the entities aren't divine. Look at their actions. The gods and goddesses are always doing bad things.

These are the modern day gods and goddesses of our world, and our world worships them. I want to introduce this next segment by outlining a passage in 1 Corinthians 13 because it says that true love always trusts. And this has always been a difficulty for me because there have been so many people who have had bad intentions for my future. so always trusting has been a difficulty that has hurt me many times because through trusting I was taken advantage of and exploited.

There have been a lot of people who have come to me over the years who don't have my best interest in mind, but they act like they do. They act like they have good intentions, and I trust them. And then they figure out a way to hurt me, and then the relationship's over because that was their intention from the beginning. So a lot of people have come to me just to try to mess my life up, and it's hard to discover who has a true heart and that's why I thought that Wendy did because Wendy wrote a book with me and why would you write a book with me if you weren't the person who you said you are especially a book about virtue and that was crazy to me how people can do that so I have been shocked throughout my career into how evil people can be because there's not a lot of people out there that are saying, good job, Wendell, go on, keep on making work or anything like that.

Most people are out to try to destroy me, and it's been hard to cope with that.

Sometimes I've had visions and immediately trusted those visions to be the truth when I should have treaded more carefully and used those visions to guide me instead of trusting what those visions say to be future prophecy.

An example of this would be when I was visited by Ashley in a dream And I thought that Ashley was my other half, and I just dedicated myself to Ashley. I guess I did that with Enos, too. But Enos was a different story, and there was a regret there. But Enos, I was trying to get her story out there.

And I didn't literally marry her. I married her cause. and that is killing children like that's not cool and Enos was a hard story because I just you know showed how I was married to her cause and then they took that as me being married to her and I was but that was part of the story I acted so much throughout all of this I'm an actor was an actor. But now we're at the end and we contemplate what it all means. I've patched things

up with my father so currently I'm cool with all of my family which is good. My life is really really good. I don't have to make content actively to live a good life. And to be honest, my life is still doing this because I spend my life uploading to as many video sites that will have me. So I'm still doing this work in the background even though I am not recording. If you look

at it like these are the cards that I was dealt and I am playing them or even look at it like it's a card collecting game and these are the cards that I have collected and then I play them and uploading I'll show you this one is let's look at which one it is independence year for kids episode 39 Harris deception so I spend my life uploading I'm just uploading to whatever video sites will have me and that's how spend a significant portion of my future because I have lots and lots and lots and lots and lots and lots of videos and if I could just get those videos out then that would be good see my problem is I have to think about the longevity of all of this and if you noticed my website went down the hosting provider just disappeared and that left me without a website and if I don't have a website that means that no one can access my information which means that I can't rely on that because that means I have to constantly pay someone to host my website and if I die then they're not going to get paid and I'm not going to have a website which means my presence on this earth will disappear once I die so I have to think about using lots of other video websites that are out there to post my content and hopefully the longevity of that will will prove itself outside of my own existence, so not just within my own lifetime. I'm trying to set this up so my videos are around forever. If you want to contact me, my email address is wendell.nesmith at gmail.com. That's not wendell.nesmith.net because I am not going to renew this, which means that this email address will go. So my only email

address for you to contact me now is wendell.nesmith at gmail.com. I'm here to talk to anybody who wants to make videos about philosophy. So if you're interested in making videos about philosophy and you would like someone to tutor you in the best way to do that, then I am available to help you do that. The work was designed to serve a function.

Its intention was never for it to be actively added to. It was supposed to be one movie. All of my work is one movie and that's its function. Because its intention is to grab the attention of a beautiful girl out there who is striving to form meaning in her life.

And it is intended for that girl to eventually become my wife.

I know I have said a lot of things about younger girls in my work, but if you're over 18 and you're interested in this, then you should not pass me up because I'm not only looking for younger girls. The only reason why I searched for younger girls is because their mind is fertile for this type of information.

And older girls would be perfectly fine too.

If you're under 18, then we can wait until you're 18 to marry. And if you're over 18, then we can get married quicker.

You would have to come to Canberra because my life is now situated. I spent a lot of years not being situated, waiting for you. But you never came. So I have had to situate myself in Canberra.

So you would have to move here to be with me. But that would be part of your destiny. And I say all of this knowing that I'm most likely talking to no one. And that I'm probably going to be alone for the rest of my life.

The work is timeless. The dates have little meaning. Its function to find a wife on the internet. Its possibilities of working not likely. If this won't

give me a girl then nothing will because the problem is that I need an online philosophy teacher as my wife, and I can't have it any other way. So I make this work for a girl who wants to learn philosophy from me so that she can then teach others. If you're interested, your objective is to finish all of my work you have all of my work to get through to be my wife it's okay you can take your time but eventually you will finish it don't worry about finishing it before you contact me. If you're interested and you've watched a fair amount of videos then go ahead and contact me and while we're chatting you can finish the rest of the videos. I know there's a lot there and it'll take you a really long

time to complete it but it is a life's work and it was all made for you So feel special, because my life revolves around you. The internet is an echo chamber. Everything is rigged. The internet gods decide what is and what is not popular, and the sheeples follow along, falling off cliffs like lemmings Because they pollute their mind with information that has no value and that causes them to become a worse person. It degrades their personality.

Despite whether or not this work finds me a girl, I still consider it overall successful. Its objective was to open source my heart to the world, and that's what I did. And even though there were a lot of haters who tried to turn my production sour, my production still prevailed at the end. because these are people speaking on sites about sites they're not the first-hand source and people can always go back to the first-hand source which is the original video from me to verify their content they don't have to go to other sites that are making fun of me to see what it is that I'm saying because the work's there and it's literally on the blockchain. No one can remove it. It's embedded

into our internet. I can be found at archive.org, BitChute, Odyssey, I like Odyssey, Rumble, and any other video free speech platforms that presents itself with the introduction of web 3.0. I want to thank God for helping me with all of my work because I would not have been able to do it without God, so thank you God for giving me the power to accomplish what it was that you sent me here to do and you really did give me the power to do it because it wasn't my own. It was definitely inspired through you. I don't

think that I am better than anyone. We all have a path in life and I had to follow mine so sorry for the parts of my narcissism in my work but I'm just a human trying to accomplish the things that God wants me to accomplish. I'm nothing special. I'm no messiah. I can't save people. People have to save themselves. The work was fun,

And it was funny, and it was embarrassing, but overall, I feel lucky to be the person that God chose to perform it, and I'm very fortunate to be the vessel that God chose to release this information. I probably shouldn't have pretended to be possessed, but hey, it was entertaining.

This work proves how evil the world is, and how evil the people in the world are, how heartless it is, and how much it needs God. I have obtained no friends as a result of my work. There is no one who I am talking to about my work. The world feels empty to me because no one cares about these topics, and that I have no ability to understand.

Why is virtue not valued in our everyday world?

I'm done searching for a wife. If God wants me to have a wife, then God will direct the right person to my work. If not, then I will die alone, and I will be happy about that because I work really well alone. and adding another person to my family will be very difficult because I am stuck in my ways.

So it might be better for me just to be alone for the rest of my life.

Connecting the right to people is a really difficult task Because you have two psychologies to worry about, and if those psychologies don't mold together perfectly, then you're inviting drama into your life. I knew that I was unique and would require a unique woman in order to live happily in a relationship. So that's why I did all this, because it's going to take a special philosopher in order to partner up with my heart. If you are interested in me, then you're going to have to create your own body of work, which means that you need to go on a journey to discover right from wrong.

And you need to do that on camera. And you need to develop that work. And it needs to be a massive body of work. And that's your objective.

and I'm here to help you accomplish it I've stopped smoking spice now and smoke marijuana instead all organic I'm going to leave this show open-ended meaning that I can come back to it and reflect on other parts of my work as I see fit so So currently it will only be one episode, but I'm sure over time I'll reflect more on my work and have more thoughts to conclude it. So now it's time to go back into the past and watch my work. Watch it all. It is all one sequence.

It would be different if my work were time-relevant, but it is not. It is timeless, so I don't need to actively make more films because my work is complete.

My work is complete, and that feels really good. That's something that I struggled with in the Bible because the Bible doesn't talk about completing things very often. and it's about struggling through it until the end. And I feel there's something missing in the Bible because it doesn't talk about endings very often.

This is my ending and what I will be doing for the foreseeable future. Thanks for watching. And most of all, thanks for caring. I love you all.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



38-Closure-Episode-2-Open-Source-Learning

Regret the swearing. There was a time when I cussed a lot in my videos, and it wasn't very nice, so I shouldn't have sworn. I should have been a good role model and not sworn. but I cursed with meaning so it was meaningful even though it wasn't the best to do so I regret the swearing I regret all of my tattoos there's not one of them that I should have gotten because I should have been clean skinned in this world you only have one set of skin on you for your life and you have to take care of it and defacing skin is not taking care of your skin so I regret all of my tattoos at times in my work I was very arrogant which wasn't good but But I felt so alone, like I was the only person who understood in this whole world, and that made me very isolated, and that gave me a big head.

But I tried very hard to be humble throughout the entire thing, but there were points where I was arrogant, and I regret that. I regret including my family in my work.

They were not nice to me at times, and I aired that dirty laundry out to the entire world, which probably wasn't very nice. But I was showing my life, and it all feels bad now because I'm on good terms with all of my family. But at the time, it seemed right to include that information. But if my family knew what I said about them, if they actually watched my work, then they probably wouldn't be happy.

so I should not have included my family in my work.

I regret that.

Despite all of these regrets, my work is perfect. It turned out perfectly, even though there's things that I don't like about it. And I've gotten to the point where I hate to hear my own voice because I've watched so many videos of mine. And I go like, ooh, whenever I hear myself talking, which makes me avoid my work.

I watched a lot of it over again and then I was just like no I can't do this there's too much of it it's seriously a lifetimes of work a lifetimes a lifetimes work and it'll take a really really a really, really long time for someone to finish it. I'm not sure whether I want my future wife to finish it all before we get married or not. Probably not because that's a lot of time. But I got to find someone with the time to watch it. I don't think any of this

is going to work. I think I will just go down in history as a crazy guy who made a lot of videos that no one watches. I have uploaded 678 videos to Odyssey and I have one follower. I still have a lot more videos to upload but this shows you how the internet is like a big echo chamber. Nothing you say on it will make a difference and people like me won't

get discovered. I have approximately the same amount of videos uploaded to Rumble and here I have two subscribers. I've been on BitChute for a very long time and I have 76 subscribers here. Most if not all of those subscribers are haters that followed me after I got discovered on kiwi farms. I've been doing this full time for over 10 years and I have still not found a single

person who cares about these topics. My work shows you the true state of our world and it's not in very good condition. You look at what is popular and you just go, why? Why would that be popular? How can this information, this

content bring in so many followers people like stupid stuff where you don't have to think and girls don't want to get to know a guy through videos girls want to get to know a guy through having sex with them if this only worked it would be beautiful me and ivory together she would make philosophy videos like me a lot of them and we would go down in history as a philosophy couple. The way the world is and the way I want it to be are two different things. Stupid things get really popular and important messages are never discovered because they are buried on the internet. Here is a diagram of an iceberg. Here is the

internet which is visible, which is the stupid stuff people watch and experience. Here is all the treasures of the internet hidden. Here is my new website, short and sweet. I like Odyssey because it keeps your videos really organized like when you upload it will organize them in the order that you uploaded them and Rumble's a piece of crap because it doesn't order them in the order in which you uploaded them after it monetizes them it brings them to the top so my videos are all out of order on Rumble and they're nice and tidy on Odyssey I'm only halfway through uploading my videos to Odyssey and Rockfin but after After I do that, I'm going to look for other YouTube alternatives, other video platforms in which I can upload all my videos.

And I'm just going to keep doing that until I can't find any more, which I'm not sure. There's a few that I know of, but I'm not sure if they're any good, so I'll have to find that out. I have to finish uploading on Odyssey and Rockfin, not Rockfin, Rockfin is one of the other ones that I'm not sure might be good, Odyssey and Rumble, and then once I do that, then I can look for other ones. But I'm not really sure what type of life I'm going to live after I finish uploading. Is there life after uploading? Because once everything's

uploaded and in the cloud to secure in the cloud to the point where people can't remove the videos then what do I do with my life? I think after I finish uploading I will retire and I will just be available for other open source teachers if they want my help, but no one watches my videos anyway, so it's not like there's going to be many people asking for help from me, but I found many good content creators on the internet who I've shared with you. and they can occupy my time quite significantly so why do I need to always be doing something can't I just sit back and retire that's what I'll do is I'll retire making philosophy videos is like talking to yourself because there's no one listening. I regret the Wendy thing entirely because she wasn't a real person and she quite significantly destroyed my life because I trusted her. So Wendy is definitely a regret in my work. And maybe even the whole pedophilia

thing because it wouldn't have mattered if I just proposed all of this to a girl and and not mention the age, but that's sort of central to the work is pedophilia. So I guess I don't regret it because it's something that needed to be said because young girls are beautiful and they just don't wake up when they're 18 and go, I'm beautiful now and we coddle our children and don't let them grow up and we don't allow them to be with older people even if it's a match made in heaven so I regret the whole pedophilia thing in my work, but it was necessary to achieve my goals to demonstrate all that I am talking about. If I could do it all again, I wouldn't. That was the most painful thing that I have ever done in my life.

my heart on the line, open sourcing it to the entire world was very painful and it's not something that I would do again. So I can't say if I could do it all again I would do this differently and this differently and this differently because if I could do it all again I wouldn't. I learned that doing things like making a website that costs money is ultimately not profitable and I don't mean monetarily profitable. I mean once you die that goes away so you can't rely on it to be there after your death.

Many people use the internet like it only matters when they're alive, and maybe that's true for them, but for my work it matters that it stays there even after I die. So I've had to use services like Odyssey, Rumble, Archive.org, and Bitshoot to share my videos and I just have to keep on finding more of these video platforms to share and a website doesn't really work very well for my videos because a website is not showing you what it is that my content is. The way you would learn that isn't through a website, it would be through scrolling through all of my videos. and you go, oh my goodness, look at all these videos and look how long they are.

Like, that's how someone should be introduced to my work and not through a website that tries to organize it. The website won't work. And it's hard to get people to come to your website. So it's best to use things that are free that will last after you die.

Closure is the concluding statement on a lifetime's worth of work. In it, we explore what it all means and how it is valuable for life in the Fourth Industrial Revolution. Here is my electronic currency. It costs to upload videos, but if your videos ever get popular, then you will make income through this platform.

The platforms are currency generators.

The videos just sit there waiting to get popular, but they never will. Here is what I mean by Rumble's ordering. We have 43 there, and here we have 13, and then we have 37, and 36, 42, 41, 39. They're all out of order.

You see, Odyssey's much better with this. We got 4, 3, 2, 1, 75, 74, 73, 72, 71, etc.

The reason I stopped this series was because I thought it was time to let her rest in peace. And that's what I did. Being entirely open was difficult because I knew that it was going to hurt me and come back to me later, which it did. But that was what was required to open source my heart.

So I don't regret being open. I just am sad about how everything turned out. my story really is a divine tragedy my work is best experienced with one stream of consciousness meaning it is best to watch my work from the beginning to the end the only exception to that is my books which you can read at any time but if you watch them out of order then some things just might not make sense it's not going to change the experience dramatically for you it's just best to know the background details of what you are watching so you can know what is going on in my psychology in order to produce said content here are the files that I am working with. Those are all my productions. If we look in

books, those are all my books. The internet has so much potential for dating if we were only open and honest with our feelings. If a lot of people did this with their lives in order to find their romantic other, then the world would be a lot better place because knowledge would be freely available. Our modern day teachers become babysitters And people like me become the world's teachers.

If the internet is used intelligently, then we can modernize our old school jobs.

Open source teaching is code that is designed to be publicly accessible. Anyone can see, modify, and distribute the code. they see fit. I have not been lonely since I got this little bundle of joy. I

guess that I did all of this because I was lonely and it was better to talk to myself than the people around me. But I am no longer lonely anymore and the work is complete so that makes me happy and I'm so glad I don't have to do the work again because the work was really hard and I suffered a great deal because of the work but it made me the man that I am today and you can see how I became that man through countless hours of videos I did not think it would take me so long to find a girl. I thought maybe it would take me a few years of doing this, but I also thought that I would gain a following, which I did not. So I'm still doing this and it's been over 10 years. I can't wait to finish uploading on Odyssey and Rumble. It will be

a lot off of my shoulders. If I die alone then that will speak volumes about our society and that would be a divine tragedy which fits in with my work perfectly. Because I've done everything that I can do in order to find her. In reality, I have no regrets because I tried my hardest. Maybe this world isn't ready for a philosopher

queen. Maybe I've been wrong about everything and females aren't prepared to be philosophers. Maybe being a philosopher is not in the female genetic makeup because I can't seem to find any in my real life. There's only a few good ones throughout history as well. So where are all the meaningful female philosophers? I was at Australian National

University and met a female philosopher there and she didn't care about meaning and she She didn't care about philosophy and I wondered why she was a philosopher because that wasn't her mental makeup. Maybe I'm wrong, but I have not been able to find any real female philosophers and that That gets me thinking that maybe they don't exist. But there's very few male philosophers that I find too, so most males and females in this world don't care about philosophy. And what is philosophy?

That's a great question. Philosophy is the love of wisdom. And if you're not loving wisdom, then you're not doing philosophy. What we've made philosophy in our modern day times is evil.

If I ever get popular, then I will remain humble and just do my best to help those who are receptive to help. I won't get big-headed, but I don't think I will ever get popular. Ten years of work and I don't even have a following. Life can be cruel, can't it?

I wish things had turned out better, but it is what it is. I've cried a lot throughout my work, but I no longer cry. I am no longer depressed. I am happy in life, and I no longer wish to commit suicide.

That was when the fake Wendy lost me, when she tried to convince me to commit suicide. That's not cool. There's been so many people throughout my journeys that have attempted to convince me to commit suicide and that makes me really sad that there's lots of people actively out there that are attempting to convince people to commit suicide. I have a spot in my heart that's emotional, that feels for people who want to commit suicide.

I wish to resolve suicide from the human population, but it's very difficult to do that when around every corner you get someone new telling you to kill yourself. I've captured all of this on camera. What type of society do we live in where people try to convince other people to commit suicide often? Especially people that are reaching out and trying to get help like I've been doing my whole time through the last 10 years.

And when people reach out wanting help, I wanted help, and the only response from society is kill yourself, then we have a really big problem. I dream of a responsive society that will help everyone who reaches out. Where am I supposed to find a wife? On Tinder?

I never understood dating applications because you can just put yourself out there on the internet and that is much more free than a dating application that asks you to fill out a few questions, an about section, and a few photographs. It seems really strange to me that very little information can connect people, whereas what I'm doing is acting as model teacher hoping to inspire other people to do the same and in that process hopefully finding my wife. But doing such things bears no fruit. Wendy was the only potential candidate that I had throughout this whole process and She was fake.

She just wanted to hurt me. Why is this so difficult? The internet is an echo chamber. I am disappointed with how everything turned out, but it gave me a glimpse into what humanity is really like, which allowed me to see far beyond what normal people can see.

Thanks for watching, but most importantly, thanks for caring. I love you all. Stay safe.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



38-Closure-Episode-3-The-Dating-Game

Cigarettes have always been a big part of my productions so I thought this moment was important to capture to tell the final part of the story because these things are getting too expensive for me to be able to afford so I'm going to have to quit smoking because I can no longer afford it but I can save my money and buy more weed so let's document this experiment its purpose is to replace cigarettes with weed and it won't be that hard there's no nicotine in this I have one week left to smoke cigarettes so through this week I'm going to be slowly removing the tobacco from the spin until the week is over and I'm smoking only weed. The stars have aligned. This is the perfect time to quit because I have everything that I need. I could clean my teeth so this didn't show up on camera but I want to show you what tobacco does to your teeth my teeth do get nice if I clean them nicely and spend a lot of time doing that but look it's gross and look at this tobacco is gross tobacco is disgusting look at this this is really disgusting I need to go clean my teeth. With weed you can roll it up and have a joint so I can still smoke like

that. I have to clean my fingers because tobacco stains them. Like I have to use a scour thing to scrub my fingers because smoking stains them. It's terrible. Imagine my lungs. They

be disgusting because I am a heavy smoker. I just came up with the idea so I already purchased my tobacco for the week so I have to smoke for the week but after that all bets are off. Smoke as much and as fast as you want Wendell because after that you're finished. You will be my right hand man. Where can I find a matchmaker? I want a wife, but I need her

to be a video content creator too. How can I find someone personal who will search out specific people who could be a compatible match with me. Services like these are really needed within our society. I have spent so much of my life trying to find a wife. I like Fiverr. It helps you find

unique services that you wouldn't be able to find in normal society and they're really cheap but most of it is a scam so it's very difficult to find the treasure from all the trash.

I can spend the money I save on cigarettes and throw it at this guy. I just wanted to mention that if I ever started online dating, I would not include that in my productions because my work's over and it's time that I help someone else do their work. And if I can't do that, then my work's over.

If I ever find a wife, I will tell everybody. But besides that, I won't be including that in my productions. That will be my own personal life. Because now I get to have a personal life.

Before, in my work, it was open source, but it's no longer open source because it's my life. I've already open sourced it for you, and now I get to live the personal aspect of it, which I've lived the public aspect. And now it's time for me to retreat back into personal space, which actually feels quite good. I am a model teacher. I am an example of what you need to be, my sweet.

so take note of how I do my scenes and how I unfold the topics because I'm here to be used as a springboard for your own career in philosophy this is how I'm going to date. I'm going to use a matchmaker and I'm just going to work with him and work with him and work with him and hopefully I will see positive results by doing this because I'm obviously not able to connect with appropriate females but there's other people out there that are very social that can. Alan Carr's easy way to stop smoking introduced by Alan Carr read by Duncan Wells. I'm not going to film my journey quitting smoking but know that I'm going to do it because I can't afford it anymore because the prices keep going up.

So I have to do it. And smoking's been a big part of my life ever since I started this journey. so I thought it appropriate to conclude with how I'm going to quit like it helped me help me focus on my work so it wasn't necessarily as bad smoking tobacco is bad so let's fix that smoking tobacco is stupid because you want more of it and you're constantly smoking more and more it's a trap and you can't cut down because that would cause you to suffer because you want more of it so cutting down won't work. You have to give up the nicotine entirely. You can't use

replacement therapies because you're going to fall back into the trap. My grandfather on my father's side and my grandmother on my mother's side both died of smoking related causes, cancer. This is how I'm going to date in my future through a matchmaker and I won't be sharing those experiences with you because my work is done and my objective now is to find a girl who also wants to create work and help her do that. So I hope you have enjoyed the experience of reflecting upon a lifetime's worth of work because I recommend that you start with the meaning of life and just work your way down the line because that's where I started and it would be best if you saw the journey unfold from the beginning so first watch the series closure and then go back to the beginning with the meaning of life and just work your way down until you get to the end. Back to closure. I want to spend my time chatting to you about philosophy

and the philosophy videos that you make. I want to chat and have a long distance relationship in both text and video. I don't think a good girl would want a smoker anyway, because smoking is gross. Read these books anytime you like. As

long as my heart keeps beating, I'll keep searching for you if you're not here. Am I really asking for a lot? I just want a wife that is a philosophy content producer like I am, and I don't see why that's such a big ask from society, because I'm only asking what I am. I'm not asking, I'm asking for my equal, and it's really hard because it feels like I don't have equals out there, which is really sad.

I know this is a new sort of thing, but isn't it really cool I can position my thoughts and then segment them and then place them in chronological order? Isn't this whole system of producing content a really cool way to organize your thoughts?

It's amazing what you can accomplish with a camera in your hand. I just sit here for long periods of time thinking with a camera right beside me to be able to note my thoughts whenever the thoughts occur. Don't just record anything. It needs to be meaningful. Use the camera like this and not like this because dead space, dead space, no dead space.

Your objective is to romance me into philosophy. Just follow my lead. Watch my work.

It was all made for you, to romance you. And now we arrive at my ulterior motive, which was to be romanced by a girl through video.

And I really wanted this for my life.

So in order to find that, I had to romance a girl through video. and that was the only chance that I had at being romanced through video by a girl. So I am playing the cards in which I have collected and let's see how they work out because I still have hope that my story will have a happy ending.

Just go to this channel.

Scroll all the way down until you reach the meaning of life.

Then work your way up.

My Reflected Death, What is Love, etc. It really would be best if you started at the beginning, so start at the meaning of life and just work your way up until you get to closure again. And once you get to closure, you've finished all the work. Yay!

if you don't like Odyssey choose another platform when you are sure that I am your man then contact me and you can work through the work and talk to me at the same time and we can discuss the subjects that you experience through the work. Let me romance you into wisdom. I just really want to teach a girl philosophy. It is my dream and I'm going to do everything that's within me to make that dream come true. Her name is Sophia. Sophia means wisdom. I love

wisdom. She's a unicorn. Let me convince you that wisdom is the only thing in life worth pursuing. Get out the popcorn, get comfortable, and be prepared to open your mind to the most sophisticated thoughts that humanity has to offer. Watch my

work and let me tutor you personally. It will be the best life ever. I am a very patient man. I will be waiting for you. Thanks for watching, but most importantly,

thanks for caring. I love you all.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



38-Closure-Episode-4-Censorship

censorship on rumble so I received 26 infraction points and I only have 100 before my account is disabled indefinitely so four of these videos being censored would disable my account the thing is if they're censoring one video then they're going to censor more of them especially if they get popular rumble is another censorship platform and it's not a very good platform either I need to remove myself from it I remember when I got censored from YouTube it was a big thing because most people followed me on YouTube and when I got removed from YouTube everybody that followed me could no longer find me so it was really hard to recover from being censored by YouTube from being banned by YouTube and I don't want to have to worry about that happening at another location such as rumble it's just setting myself up to fail if there are censorship platform they're going to censor they've censored they showed their true colors so now it is my time to get rid of them it was episode 60 of retribution which means that there's 15 episodes after that that are built upon that episode so if you remove the one episode then the whole TV show becomes confusing because each episode is built upon the last one so they're all chronologically synced so if you miss one episode then you'll be lost if you don't know what happened so you can't miss episodes which means that if there's a platform that's censoring even one episode it's not good enough YouTube censored lots and lots of episodes so people that watch my stuff on YouTube missed episodes all the time so they'll be confused about what's going on and I can't have a platform like that I need to have a platform that's all or nothing here is my new business card I'm not going to upload on you anymore. I'm just wasting my time. Those are the only three places that I can find that won't censor my content. I recommend that you follow my lead and just join these three platforms and then upload videos just using these three platforms and don't become a youtuber because that's old-school ways of portraying information because it's a censored platform and you don't want to be on a censored platform because something you say or do might get you censored and then that would cause you paying in the future so it's best to have completely open platforms that you can use in any way that you like and you know that you won't be censored on them and that's the best way to go about your work, just use platforms that don't censor, that way you're completely free.

Censorship has always been hard for me in my work. If you can imagine, I make this really cool new video and I'm really excited and then I upload it and then shortly after I upload it, it says that it's been censored and can't be viewed and I'm like, what? What do I do now? And it took me a long time to find platforms that I could use that wouldn't censor me.

And usually these platforms are echo chambers, so it's not like you're going to reach a lot of people. But that's not your purpose. Your purpose isn't to reach a lot of people. Your purpose is to romance me into wisdom.

And through that process, you'll eventually reach a lot of people. There is nothing hidden that will not be revealed. There is nothing kept secret that will not come to light.

This episode is important.

Every episode is important. It's not good enough to censor one episode because that throws the whole work out of balance. I will teach you how to use Odyssey, Bitshoot, and Archive.org because they don't censor me which means they wouldn't censor you so those are the best platforms for you to be using and I'll give you all of my tips and tricks on how to get the most out of the platforms.

You can't just remove an episode. Every episode is important. So if you remove one episode, then you remove the context of that show, which throws it all out of whack. I know that I am asking a lot from a girl, but I am not asking for anything that I am not already am.

I am just asking for my equal if some of the videos have problems on Odyssey watch them here if that doesn't work for some reason then watch them here if you decide to use the internet archive for all of your watching then just use my internet movie database to follow the order and then you're done and I think you should watch closure a second time so you can understand everything in context so watch closure first and then the meaning of life and just work your way up. Stop it! That's trash! So the way this works is after you watch Closure, watch The Meaning of Life and once you feel ready, contact me and we can discuss the subjects that I bring up in my productions and just go from The Meaning of Life, My Reflected death, what is love, etc. Censorship is such a major topic. We live in cancel

culture where we can just cancel out people's lives with the click of a button if they don't make content that molds with the modern agenda. Censorship has been so hard throughout all of this and I feel that I can't express myself artistically because that gets me into trouble and I'm censored and then people can't access the information and then I had to find sites that don't censor and that's really hard to find good sites that will do the job and not censor me which I found three of them and if I got popular how many of those three would not censor me. They would still censor me, wouldn't they?

Get a Sony Handycam.

You'll be thankful to me that I suggested Sony once you use it for a long period of time because Sony is really, really good and I really highly recommend it. I think it's the best.

Stop licking. You keep licking. Why are you licking so much?

Doing this cost me a lot of money, not the other way around. My last pouch of tobacco.

Cigarettes do not help concentration. That is just another illusion. The first time I was censored, I was like, oh no people aren't going to be able to experience the whole story and then I got censored again again and again and again and again and again it's like well on this platform of YouTube no one will be able to experience the whole story just bits and pieces of it and it really made me sad because my platform that I I was using YouTube wasn't allowing me to get my story out there. It was censoring it. It was

burning books. And I had to find a platform that wouldn't do that in order for me to get my story out there. Pygmalion was a humble sculptor who was hurt by many females. He began sculpting from ivory, the most beautiful woman he could conceive of. Slowly, he fell in love with his own

creation. One day, she was perfect, so at a festival, Pygmalion prayed to God for one like his ivory. God heard what his heart said, so when he arrived home, he checked on his statue, and she was warm to the touch. His ideal woman became real, and God blessed the nuptial.

If I spend $200 per week on cigarettes, I spend $10,400 per year on cigarettes. So over 10 years, that would be $104,000 that I spend on cigarettes. I need to stop. I'm going to stop.

This is my final cigarette and I won't have any more after this because even one more cigarette means a hundred thousand dollars at least. So I don't want to spend $100,000 on my next cigarette. So this will be my final cigarette. Smoking cigarettes is a vicious chain reaction that only ends when you remove it from your life.

Let's finish this thing.

In reality, it tastes rather disgusting. All of my work was my way of showing my love to you when you're not here. Time to heal.

Yay! I'm super popular.

Censorship has caused me to restart many times. And it's only now through the use of platforms that don't censor that I can put everything chronological. Claiming back my teethies and my fingers. For kingdom come, your will be done, on earth as it is in heaven.

Recovering. I'm not sure if I'm going to upload anymore after I finish uploading on Odyssey. Maybe if I find somewhere really good I'll upload there, but I think I am done uploading at least for a while. I will just play my cards and look for you.

That is how I will spend my time and money.

Quitting smoking will do wonders for my budget to find you. I feel so clean without tobacco in my life.

The high without tobacco is so much cleaner. Plus you don't need as much of it because you're not physically addicted to it.

You actually get something out of cannabis. You don't get anything out of tobacco. Ideally, I grow out of this and I no longer need this because this doesn't really do anything because it's only propylene glycol and glycerine and there's nothing addictive in it. Go ahead. You have three platforms to choose from.

Watch it. It's really funny. I'm going to watch The Meaning of Life again. It will be fun.

I'm so kind, so compassionate. I really tried my best to help people in this life. I did a good job! You rock, bro.

I love you, man. It gets out of sync, and it's still good. I've really done well in laying all of this out for you. Sorry for the quality, but it is good enough.

Have patience. It will take you a long time, but it is all worth it. That was in my mouth. If I can find a girl with a good attention span, this just may work.

I enjoy doing it through a handy camera way better than doing it through the camera on a laptop. Don't worry. It was just the first three courses that used the laptop to record. The rest is done with a handy camera.

This course really is the best introduction to philosophy. If this won't find her, nothing will. I really have done the best that I possibly could to find her. find her. One day, all that I have done will have to add up to something. Mosquitoes made

this course possible. I don't like nicotine as far as the idea that you get physically addicted to it, and that is my problems with nicotine, and I'm working myself out of the addiction but the thing is I don't want to work I don't want to be out of nicotine as far as I don't want to exclude that from my life because I think it is a good drug. That's bullcrap Wendell it's out of your life now you don't have to worry about it anymore. I think it might be one of those things where you take and relieve it but I'll find that out on my own path. Leave it. I have learned

so much since then. There's so many problems that I identify in this that are fixed in my life now that are no longer a problem. Picking up cigarette butts off the ground, healthy cigarette butts, and putting that in a tobacco pipe, or a pipe, just a pipe, and smoking the tobacco, and probably should have just quit. It's such a bad habit, but this is my only bias, that stupid tobacco.

Resolve. I remember when I used to pick up cigarette butts to get the tobacco out of them so I could roll them up into fresh new cigarettes. It was disgusting. The course was very good. It took me about a day and a half to complete it. And I'm very proud of my work. I've learned a lot since then. So some of the thoughts are no longer applicable.

But besides that, what I was saying was important, and it is the perfect introduction to philosophy.

So that's the best way to go about it, is to just start at the meaning of life when I started all of this, and then just continue down the line. It was like, the end, or is it? And then it all exploded from there.

Things change. I no longer wish to sew myself up. And I no longer wish to fast for three weeks straight.

God blesses those who work for peace. for they will be called the children of God.

Ooh, finally. That was exhausting.

I'm finished making work. It's time to use what I already have. I've already done the work. And no amount more that I do will make it any more likely for me to find the right girl than what I've already done.

So don't stress. All the work's done. It's time to just search. That is what I'll do. Play the cards that I have collected.

I really hated that. I had to relive the entire experience again.

As I was uploading, I was thinking about what happened during the shows that I was producing. The work is so embarrassing. That's what you get when you don't have a filter. I don't think my project is going to work.

I'm asking too much of a girl. I have 1,035 videos. I think that the work made me a better man. By doing the work, I was more conscientious of my decisions in life, and it made me a more moral and upright man who was paying for their decisions in life because I would pay for the choices that I made, which is just the consequences for my decisions.

And I learned how to live with the choices that I made in life. It helped me learn lessons about the world because I could just conduct experiments straight on to the world and then examine what the results of that experiment, those experiments were. And it gave me a lot of direction to be able to put my information in meaningful timelines.

And it helped me think logically and helped me build upon foundational statements. It helped me build character because I could look at the greats and their actions and then use them as role models for my own actions and catching it all on camera really benefited me seeing the results of my actions. and also living through them because I live through it every single time I upload another video. Every single time I sit down and watch another video, I live through it again and again and I live through it in many different ways. But my work has a way to haunt me.

Whenever you watch it, I'll live through it again, because I'll want to keep up with what you're watching, and I want to talk about the subjects of whatever you're watching, so I'll live through it again if I manage to find a girl. I don't really like my work. I always manage to get myself in trouble, but I do like the topics that I expound upon in my work, and I appreciate what I'm trying to do in my work. The stories just never land where I wanted them to land, but that's the nature of the work. We have to hit the ball and run and then see where we are and what we have to do next to achieve our goals.

And my goal this entire time is to find a girl to do this with. Why is this so hard? Why is this so hard, society? Why is society not wanting to give me a girl to do this with?

What's wrong with this world? Like, it's obvious there's something really messed up with this world because I'm trying my hardest to find a girl who wants to do this and there's none out there and it's really obvious that there's something going on wrong with society because there's no one out there. It's really sad.

Be the change you want to see in the world. Ten years of tireless work has obtained me 81 followers.

This was the highest that I could reach.

How high can you reach? Let me help you. My journey is done, but yours is just starting. Let me enable you to have the journey of your lifetime, one that will change you, that will move your soul, that will encourage you to deeply reflect on important subjects that most ignore their whole lives.

Please join me in the meaning of life. I hope to see you over there because it's a really good course and it would be really cool if you could start there. Thank you for watching, but most importantly, thanks for caring. Stay safe.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



38-Closure-Episode-5-Perfect-as-I-Am

Like everything in life, I have failed.

That is 74 days without tobacco. And then I just decided the quality of my life is better with tobacco in it because it occupies my time. I just can't smoke as much as I was smoking because I couldn't afford it before. so I need to figure out how much I can smoke and then not smoke too much.

But I know this is a stupid decision, but it's the one I'm making because I get bored really easily and I don't have a partner to spend time with, so I like to spend my time thinking over cigarettes. I know it sounds weird, but I just find my life more entertaining with cigarettes. It flows much more, whereas without cigarettes, it's like, what do I do now? What do I do now? What do I do now?

Whereas with cigarettes, I always have something to do.

Here's what I'm going to do differently. I'm going to buy pack at a time because I used to buy five pouches at a time and it would last me a week but if I just buy one pouch at a time and just make each one last then I won't buy as many so that's what I'm hoping is just to treasure the tobacco that I get when I get it and then not always have to get it again so like finish the pack before I buy another one do you see what I'm saying don't get another pack until I finish the one that I have each 15 gram pouch generally lasts me about two days almost two days so if I can buy two or three pouches per week then that's easily affordable I know there's a lot of negatives to smoking but the only real reason I quit before was because it was too expensive so let me just try to figure out how to be able to afford it and I know it's a bad habit and it's killing me but I'm a smoker at least at this point in my life I'm a smoker and I'm just going to have to accept that being a smoker doesn't change who I am am I'm still the same person whether I smoke or I don't smoke I've been playing a lot of games lately so how can I use games to my advantage I've been using this program called twitch to broadcast my gaming I'll show you my twitch URL Here is my Twitch stream. My work can't truly die until I die. It just evolves with the events that happen in my life. And now I'm retired making philosophy videos. So now I make gaming videos. And I like to look at it like a philosophical gaming point of view.

I failed finding a girlfriend using social media so the matchmaker did not work out because I spent so much money and was seeing so few results I can't keep spending money on trying to find a wife I need to be happy without a wife that's what I need to do I'm happy living a short life anyway I lived a very event-filled life and I'm happy with the life that I lived already and even if I died tomorrow I would be happy with the life that I have lived I'm going to get this when it comes out the 11th of November I'll pre-order it it's Windows and it'll run everything just like a desktop computer I'm looking forward to it a lot life goes on and I can't stop it just because I no longer have a working with vulnerable people card I'm just going to try to create a little gaming community in which I can hang out with but like everything I fail or do I fail because I end up getting everything that I want and I have everything that I need and I live a really comfortable lifestyle and I make my own lifestyle so I don't have to rely on anybody else to create this lifestyle and I live a really cool lifestyle and I really enjoy my life so how much of a failure am I just because I can't find a girl that doesn't matter I'm just gonna enjoy life. I'm not going to worry about the little things and the little things include smoking so it doesn't matter I am what I am and if I die early because of it then it would reflect how I lived. The thing that I have learned about all of this is that I need to accept myself for who I am and I need to do that in all aspects I need to stop looking at my life as a failure so what I failed to find a partner in this life but that's okay my life isn't a failure I'm doing really cool things with my life and I've done really cool things with my life and I will continue to do really cool things with my life and even though I never achieved the goals I it's about the journey and I have a good time getting there I set the goals and I might not ever achieve those goals but the journey it takes to try to achieve those goals is very rewarding and my life isn't in shambles my life is really good and I'm secure and I have a good place to live it's not a very good area but it's a good place it's very good location I just have to walk to the shops and it just takes like 12 minutes to walk to the shop so it's really good location and I play games with my life and I have fun and that's a cool life I don't have to work and that's a really cool life like being in the position that I am in is a really good position and so what if I failed at certain things like obtaining a community I still hope to achieve that and if I don't then who cares it's about the journey the journey to get there is the point of all of this of life and not Not necessarily those end goals because those end goals aren't necessarily what you need but God looks after what you truly need and the things you think you need in life you might not really need and it takes life beating you up a little bit to discover those aspects. About 5 or 6 months ago I purchased a laptop that wasn't very good.

It was the lowest in laptop that they had but it didn't work out how I wanted because it wasn't very fast and I just used my own laptop so I didn't really need it. I don't know why I thought I did. I wanted a spare but this new iNEO device that I'm getting is going to become my spare. So I no longer need that laptop so I'm going to sell that laptop and then buy a microphone so I can broadcast, stream better because my microphone really sucks and it's really hard to hear and it sounds muffled so it's going to be good to get a new microphone so I just have to wait until that computer sells and then that's it.

I wake up every morning, have my morning coffee and watch some YouTube and then decide what games to play and then stream those games while I play them. Not all the time, most of the time. That's what I've been doing the past few days. I just joined Twitch. So I

have been playing but now I'm streaming. So I'm not completely wasting my time by wasting my time on games because I'm streaming them communally and that might get me closer to finding cool people to hang out with which would be really cool here's the thing tomorrow I might decide to quit smoking again and that is all well and good but I don't have to if I don't want to and it doesn't matter I probably will quit smoking again tomorrow because I really can't afford it but it's okay it's all okay it doesn't matter if I smoke or if I don't smoke it just hurts my wallet I'm perfect how I am I am God's beautiful creation and we know that in all things God works for the good of those who love him who have been called according to his purpose these microphone settings were only at like 21% so I boosted them to a hundred percent and now the audio works fine and in twitch so I'm glad but I did buy a headset it was only $15 I thought I would need it but it looks like I don't need it but a headset will be good for later for other things I don't really need it now but I'll need it for other things in the future and it's just a regular audio jack so it'll work on my Aya Neo device so I can have headphones while playing my Aya Neo Wendell I accept you for who you are you are a good person trying to do the right thing and it doesn't matter the things you do as long as your heart is in the right place. I think failing to find a partner has really matured me because I focus on the things that I like and what makes me happy now and I'm not concerned about finding a partner now. I'm just focusing on my life and improving it 2022 was really significant for me because the objective was to improve the quality of my life and get all the things situated in my life that make me happy and in 2022 i have done that and i'm almost done so uh hopefully i can get my io neo device and a bed base uh before the end of the year that's the goal and even if i fail and get a bed base a little bit later, that's okay. But if I get the bed base at this year, then

I have achieved everything that I wanted for this year. I don't think that she would like a bed base because it would be difficult for her to get up it. But I don't care. I still want one. I want to be a normal human being and sleep on a bed that's elevated instead

of sleeping on the floor basically. Streaming is really fun. The videos only stay up there for 14 days so after 14 days the video gets deleted but that means that I can put less effort into my videos and just play games and hang out and not worry about having meaningful content all of the time so I can just use it to hang out with and hopefully from that accumulate people to talk to about life that would be ideal that's my objective with this streaming thing since the beginning of all of this I've always wanted to create a small community to talk about these sort of subjects so hopefully streaming will help me achieve this but if it doesn't it doesn't matter either because I like hanging out and playing games and there's people watching me play games and I can just hang out and talk about whatever I want it's really fun I really hate stress and I have done a really good job of creating a relaxing and non-stressful life where I just go with the wind. I just take life as it comes and I share it with other people. It's a very fun life, my life, so I've done really good even though I failed

at a lot of things kiwi farms is now removed gone yes but now people are complaining about me on reddit and youtube and i didn't even do what they're saying they're lying about me that's the thing with all these haters is they just make up stuff about me and then share it with everybody And then everybody thinks that that reflects who I am, which is really terrible. And people won't go back to the original work because the original work is there for everybody to check out to see what actually happened. And I can't defeat this because this happened eight months ago when I was doing nothing. So there was, and they said that I was talking to them and being rude and stuff like that.

And I was never talking to them, so there's either someone lying or someone impersonating me. And that's really frustrating because I do nothing and I still get in trouble. So I can't win in this world, so let's stream because that's something. And it at least gives me something to do.

And it's not like if I do nothing, they're going to stop coming at me. They keep on coming at me. people hate me and want to see my reputation ruined so they make up lies about me and there's lies all over the internet that people have spread about me which is really sad if the world hates you keep in mind that it hated me first if you belong to the world it would love you as its own as it is you You do not belong to the world, but I have chosen you out of the world. That is why the world hates you.

You can't do anything to please haters. You try to change what you're doing to satisfy them and they come back with hate. You do nothing at all and they come back with hate. It matters not what you do because they're going to hate, haters are going to hate.

To clear myself, what I have to do is always consistently do work to prove what I'm doing and to prove what I'm not doing because if I'm not doing any work then people can just say I'm doing whatever and people can impersonate me and further ruin my reputation. on twitch is interesting because the videos expire after two weeks so the information that I release will have to be released again and again and again and again in different ways because twitch is a different can of worms it's different than this video work that lasts forever twitch is only going to last 14 days so I use it more as like a platform just to talk about subjects and I'm okay with those videos dying whenever they do so I'm using it more communally than when I made these videos so I'm thinking about it community wise this time instead of the information lasting forever. I have come to the point where I no longer like my past work, so it is good that it has come to its conclusion. I'm going to start anew on twitch and try to create a community to hang out with and talk about important subjects come and hang out with us I put away one camera and open up another thanks for watching but most importantly thanks for caring all the best


༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
https://republicka.life
https://kkk.education
CC0 PUBLICKÁ DOMÁNIA
ALL LOVE RESERVED
AMORIARIACKA IS MY NATIVE TONGUE
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻