༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
🎬 Stigmata 🎬
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻


A collection of Movies made by Wendell Charles NeSmith.


------


Movies-ACT-Honour-Walk

This is my ACT Honor Walk.

December 31st, 2012.

What is a soul?

This question might make you uncomfortable because it forces you to recall countless value judgments that you have come to understand over your life. To reflect on a year, one must reflect on the soul of the one reflecting on the year. And this question then gets us questioning what it is that we are questioning.

At first, this production was going to be a job application to God as the role of an open source teacher.

Then it was going to be an article explaining to you my multiple legal and personal issues that I am currently experiencing as a result of my work. Then it was going to be a spill about ivory. Then I thought that I would give you a taste of everything in order to assist your understanding of this and what it all means together. Then I was going to point out to you the most meaningful constellations of the skies.

Then I was going to just tell you exactly what my psychology goes through each and every second, since I can remember. Then I was going to reveal my master plan. But I think that I will just try to accomplish all of these tasks. And as the image of why I have done all of these things together will become clear from the reality of my carefully constructed psychology and its consistency over time engraved into the most beautiful slate possible.

But when utilizing a slate more precious than gold, we must consider what it is that we are engraving onto. To begin this presentation, I would like to humbly apologize to anybody that my words hurt over my lifetime. I promise you that they were not intended to be offensive, but were only constructed to present to you a very important message. And I will stand by my premises unless you help me come to learn better.

this is a letter to all actors in the world this is a letter to all parents about their children it is addressed to all children about their parents friends and family and ultimately your education system that is directly and indirectly responsible for countless deaths every year throughout the world it is to the students of all ages who want to be involved in a healthy education system. It is to my family whom I struggle to communicate with because they only understand literal interpretations. It is to all of you who were lucky enough to run into me within your day-to-day lives and become interested in what I am doing. It is to the warriors who feed those in need. It is to those who persecute before

examining background conditions. It is to those who hate what I am doing. It is to those who love what I am doing. It is to any mental health professional that I might happen to see. It is to the judge and jury of whatever court that I will end up in. It is to whatever

professionals that get assigned to me throughout my travels. It is to those assessing whether or not to be my friend. It is to any assessment of classification boards. It is to those who feel alienated and isolated in the world. It is to those with mental struggles. It is to those with a dark

secret. It is to those who know the dark all too well. It is to those who like to study the complexity of webs. It is to the individual that throws the first stone. It is to all

the hearts of those who followed suit. It is to those who receive an email from me about anything that I am doing to help understand the motivations of my existence and what I ultimately after free education I think a lot of people should support this and Canberra needs to start being nicer but when you get to the outskirts where the houses are people seem nicer but in this city it seems they're all people give out hopes free education it is for ivory whom I am ultimately after but the flag is always the new open source republic of the world. All of my work is geared towards improving our collective health and over the years I learned the best ways to interpret collective thought ultimately to encourage a shift to individual action. Can we do it? And as the depths of my psychology unravels the

the more monsters appear. Through the process, we learn that those monsters were only sheets draped over a chair. Thus, from taboos, we reach insight into the core issues behind our human condition. We sift through the trash and treasure, and if we are very careful with With our analysis, we will be able to throw out the rubbish and decorate our lives with the treasure.

But the topics that I deal with make people uncomfortable because they have not yet realized this wisdom into their actions. The fast-paced lifestyles that capitalism creates never gives people enough time to step back and realize what this means to their lives. Because once this is understood, the limits of an individual human being is unlocked. Because then they realize that every single thing around them is related to them in some way.

And if they learn to consider the things that stand out in their day to day lives, then And they will eventually learn how to make judgments based off background research and not first appearance. In order to understand reality, we must understand fantasy. This is true with every individual, only varying in degrees of quantity and quality. We all condition our own psychology with the input stimuli that we invest into.

And each world vision infuses their understandings of the way in which the world functions and how they interact with it. And if we are attempting to understand any person with a background different to our own, we must understand the fantasy behind their reality, for it is that fantasy that drives their actions and motivations in life. And when we consider these fantasies and contrast them with their actions, we will be able to determine character and this will assist us to be able to help each other best by learning how different people are wired. And the results of these carefully documented extreme cases, we would come to learn a great deal about how to help everyone in between.

And if we are to attempt to manifest such wisdom into society, the background conditions must support what is being preached. And those who demonstrate true character within the actions of their day-to-day lives, infused into entertaining productions, will be the ones most worthy to take over the media of our new world. It is those who merge fantasy into reality who will dominate its field. I wish to document an overview of my psychology that will explain all of my past, present, and future actions.

I will attempt to interpret it as analytically as possible. My life strives to examine its psychology, and attempting to place one's thumb on it is not at all an easy task. But how is one to pinpoint an incredibly complex machine that forever builds upon itself? I guess we must start with childhood.

I never slept well and was always directed towards experiencing emotions on deep levels. In turn, I was always receptive towards goodness, love, beauty, and perfection. This demand for a certain level of attention and respect when interacting with me caused me to become alienated.

As a result, people avoided speaking with me in order to avoid complex subjects. But I always require deep emotional connections, and most people do not appreciate that aspect of me. And I speak exactly how I feel, and I think that I should be allowed that right. And if my heart is persuaded to be the bad guy for the greater good, then so be it.

But I always hope that the people of my past understand why I say the things to them that I do.

For my name is Pygmalion, and I sculpt beauty into my existence. I experience the depths of my physical, psychological, intellectual, and spiritual limits in order to learn how to become the knight in shining armor on the steed to sweep up my princess. And my princess is one of dreams, innocence, beauty, and compassion. But I have not been able to find females within my age bracket that hold on to these fairytale desires.

The task alienated me, but my dream of being a knight in shining armor for the most beautiful of princesses would not disappear from my mind.

Give your servant the power. My mind obsessed over the ideal of a perfect relationship in which we could combine passions and tell each other and the world beautiful stories through our actions for the rest of our lives together.

My mind always came back to the isolate whose mind was always longing for the attention that she deserved. But capitalism breeds these character traits out of people because it is collectively geared towards mediocrity through separation of person, personal, and profession, professional. And as a result, people end up spending their lives doing things that they do not necessarily like doing. there's so many dead hearts everywhere I go it doesn't matter which country it doesn't matter which culture death but this holds back collective development because if the few who could actually make a difference were only encouraged to rebel then ultimately those sacrifices would pave the way to remove future oppression but I propose something different dead hearts of the world I command you to rise these are the heights that can be yours and I am showing you how to reach them and if you won't reach them I will teach people who will. And if I have to teach our future generation alone, then I will tell them to think twice

about how they treat you when you are old and frail. Your decision is of an ethical nature, and the results of that decision will manifest within your existence. If you choose poorly, you will suffer those consequences. I was then stuck in a loveless marriage for a long time wanting to do this with her, but she was not that type of person and I was too stupid to see that from the beginning. If these are friends, then what are foes? They think they can fly. But even

Even though the feelings were not reciprocal, I trained very hard to fulfill my half of the obligation in the relationship. I will show you how to fly. Then she left me, and this then left me entirely isolated in a strange world. It's not through a center or any other collective organization.

And when we find the right path, we will look at it very carefully. And we will wait around for a while to see if there is anybody else interested in its development before we walk our road. And when she left was when I was most invested into philosophy and the history of people sacrificing themselves to help a lot of people. Wanting to commit suicide anyway, I then constructed a long journey in which I could sacrifice myself for who I am and as a result, in the long term, really help as many people as possible. And when you have an ideal built upon solid

foundations the people will always eventually flock and each and every stage of that master plan has been slow and painful and as a result I lose more and more in life within past relationships and my constructed raised diversity was crafted to ride on your psychology over time and not to only act for the moment. The myopia of our collective consciousness demands instant gratification but is ill-equipped to examine what I am trying to accomplish. Each action is taken in itself and not considered within the whole of the person's long-term motivations. And this causes us to not consider what a life mission really entails and how it drives every action into a constructed whole that is only entirely comprehensible when considered in account of all other actions.

And when we can determine character in this way, then every decision that the person made can be understood in contrast to the life force that drives their day-to-day interaction. So I stir up the pot everywhere that I go in order to sift through people To find the few that would like to live the lives of fables with me The swan isn't white But I create productions that are timeless in character And spend my life infusing them into the internet In hopes that they will never leave our collective bank of information And in doing this Even though the right people to do all that I am saying might not exist or be known right now, but eventually over time the right people would see it and they would be the best ones to accomplish the dreams of world peace that I have. And I am already receptive to many people, specifically the curiosity of your young ones, because I live the life of a superhero. And I have constructed my life in this manner in order to be receptive to those who are driven towards being a real-life superhero.

And then I train them to become that. and over time they will fall in love with me for the exact person that I am because my heart was sacrificed for them and through me they will fall in love with wisdom. Thus I am securing myself to be loved throughout the ages and each and every day I sacrifice people loving me for now in order to obtain this love in the future and it would not matter the outcome of me because I would have accepted whatever fate that I received for being the person that I am. Thus I would be living and dying by my philosophy and the productive results of that over time would enable the conditions necessary for society to free speech and as a result end up with the best level of education possible.

The very core of what I want is ivory. And I will explain this now in more detail as the conception goes beyond just a girl out there who would fall in love with a person like me. To understand intentions we need to consider the individual motivations and ultimately that one obsession that sits in the cockpit controlling all other actions, and for me this obsession is to be loved by all of the innocent and loving children of the world. This would then force parents to examine background conditions, and there will be a few of them who will understand what I am saying.

And as a result, all of my work will not only train these special young minds. Because you see, this is the heart of Australia. And this is why I came here. To fix it.

Because all around me are sleepwalkers who are enframed in their 9 to 5 jobs and think that is reality. And after we sift through the countless amounts of rubbish, we will find our destiny. But encourage their parents to make this path easier to achieve for their children. Yes, it is true that I have just opened up a very controversial subject of pedophilia, but when you further investigate why, then you will be led to more accurate conclusions.

Because I had to figure out a way to help the most people possible, and by becoming the dreams of a few special little girls, would in the long run accomplish me this. Thus I was required to push my psychology to very uncomfortable levels in order to become everything that children of fantasy could ever want. And as a result, through the test of time, my endeavors would manipulate the children of fantasy into the future of social reality. This is why our education systems are so important.

Because our current ones do not encourage dream chasing. They are highly regulated and each and every year its fruits are shed as bullets in the hearts of their students. They are constructed to result in the outcome of a particular type of person that can fulfill a designated position within society. And methods outside of those roles are scorned and as a result we are all too afraid to open up to each other. We divide

professional and personal and our personal then gets created as a method to cope with our professional. Thus we place ourselves in a never-ending cycle to live the same mediocre life day after day. And then the media acts as a drug to further disconnect the population from reality in order to cope with its professional life. Thus we divide education and entertainment.

But in this walk we will find very few who possess the character to flow oxygen through their veins. But most do not realize that if over time they invest themselves into hard topics that might at times be boring once those topics are understood in relation. But there will always be a few and it is those few who can change the world. all of its hidden messages planted for the very dedicated student, those topics become passions, and nothing could be more exciting, and the passions of stimulation of one's mind would over time trump all axioms of laziness.

And this would be happening through true individuality, expressed in an artistic portrayal of their own and not only a superficial association with any other types of representation. When I say that I am after free education, I will explain what I mean. Let us discuss their words and formulations. Let us not only define free education, but also consider what the two might mean together.

And then let us further refine the mission to open source education and follow the process of the relational qualities. And if we only consider the word free in monetary values, then we have missed a huge portion of the equation. Because I could care less about your money, but if I am not talking in these terms, then what do I mean by free? And I wish to employ this word in its full, open aspect.

Because the physical aspect of life is only one realm of understanding. And throughout our lives we will come to perceive many representations of the same thing. And through consistencies in results we can come to learn more fully of the core behind those representations, which acts as the source behind the painting of life that is presented before our experience. And the better that we get at interacting with this presentation before us, the more we are able to do with it. Thus we are from the beginning thrown

Going into the realm of ethics, we then find that it is much more difficult to define free education than we first thought. I think the answers to all of our problems is to create a free society. But in order to liberate ourselves, we must first ask what we should liberate ourselves from. And the potential of its source to spread will be demonstrated over time.

Thus forms of oppression that act to hold back potential are deemed as inherited evils. And when these corruptions make themselves aware to us, it becomes our responsibility to make others aware of our own perspective. And if we do this within artistic portrayals distributed openly on the connective airways of the information highway that we have come to know as the internet, then we are providing quality education for free to the majority of our people about issues that are really important to everyone. If we as a people could only learn how to combine all formats, genres, and labels into one documentary production, then we could learn how to implement healthy forms of mental distribution into our lives.

And as a result, over time, the populace would end up with a very high level of education. This opens up the possibilities for creative minds to explore the depths of their topics of interest. The Source empowers its servant to move mountains through very deep meaning included within their productions. Its universal aspect reaches for the stars and will one day deeply connect with some people.

And we will come across many crossroads that will try and defer us from our path. But we must question what this source of freedom is. Because if we remain ignorant to this, then we will miss the most important point in all of my work that I have to share. And I can never manage to articulate it, but only seem to be able to point to it.

For when pure love, taken in all aspects, is set free, it will eventually demonstrate its potential, and the seeds planted long ago will one day sprout and have a significant role in its future environment. Because seeds of wisdom never die, but only remain stagnant until the right conditions present themselves. And when an individual whose heart and mind lines up with each other, then they unlock all of their potential. But we collectively discourage this practice to obtain such wisdom as we observe those around us who lie, cheat, and steal who live prosperous lives.

Thus we settle on using a veil to hide the truth of our lives. And those who don't deserve it end up being the role models for our children. And then our children are led to follow the same destructive path that has resulted our modern attitude to collectively be heartless people. I am not saying that we force any media upon our children that they are not receptive to, but what I am saying is that we could make all topics that are relevant to their future available to them and those who are receptive to it could take it as far as they wanted.

This type of free education can be available to all ages and this should not be discouraged because the topic of life is the topic that is relevant to all of us. And if we coddle our children away from topics of wisdom, no matter how controversial, then And we are doing great damage to the potential evolution of our human existence. And if I am to be shunned, taken to court, committed, imprisoned, martyred, or whatever else has to happen for me to demonstrate this point. And eventually those who have feet and walk but have no heart will be shed as the dead skin that they are.

then I choose to accept my fate for the person that I am. For you see, wisdom always wins. The only question is how long will you postpone this evolution? Because if we all did this, then we could all learn how to achieve all of our most passionate, heartfelt desires through innocent means of pursuing those desires.

It is the freedom for each and every one of you to figure out ways to obtain those longings deep within your souls through a healthy and holistic means of employment. And the system needs to be implemented without required systems. But this walk of honor is not over.

And we will stick a flag at our origin. Otherwise, we are going to block off a lot of people who could give us real collective insight.

And the lake always provides for its development, because everybody will then be doing something unique. And as a result, we will liberate our souls by encouraging character through actions being demonstrated by an individual in the world as our source of education and entertainment.

I do want to state that I am not saying that I am any good at any of this, because my audience usually does not know what to make of me. But regardless of whether or not I am any good at teaching in this style is irrelevant. I am teaching all of us how we could do it. Few of my works are examined in their whole.

I know perfectly well the receptivity of my works amongst our current society. I want to make it clear that I am a teacher for teachers, learner for learners, producer for producers, director for directors, agent for agents, friend for friends, an actor for actors, and everything else in between. Getting closer to our origin That encompasses the scope of life that I chose to manifest within my existence And I understand that my audience will be small But I set out on a journey to find needles throughout the farm sheds of the world I have never claimed to be receptive to everybody Close, but no cigar The time will be getting closer to midnight, and I will be prepared to release this production for the beginning of the new year. But what is the core of those years' contents?

As I ask myself this, I look down in shame.

But it is okay, because I am now open about all of my shame. And I am driven to tell you that I am screwing with your society. I really think it is funny what I have done, and there is not much you can do about it. My work leads me to study my work, and I learn future direction from the results of my past work.

I have built an empire that is beyond any physical realm.

I have built a beautiful model, and it is leaked into the information highway. I am a really awesome person, and if you cannot see that, then you are blind.

Throughout my controversial discoveries, I had to learn how to most effectively communicate with people.

They're all just representations. And my findings then was reflected into my work. For when people reacted negatively to wisdom within my world, I could capture that and present our faults to the entire world. And this caused me to employ my speech and meaning within it in a very refined manner that stood to accomplish a task for the greater good of my overall cause.

Thus when I see evil, then I am bound to speak against it, and I will happily incur all of the consequences that my ethical stances obtain me. I will always generally be a law-abiding citizen, but I will not sew my mouth shut because you want me to. You can tell me what to do and I will for the most part obey, but you can never tell me what not to say. And if this attitude is integrated into even a small portion of the public, then world I present to you, the new open source republic.

It will be the successor to our current methods of government if we care anything about flourishing as the human race. And it will empower the few who have the abilities to help as many people as possible to do that. And even though many of these heroes and heroines will not get the recognition that they deserve, my heart will always go out to those who give theirs to the public. No matter what date or life form that you are attempting to comprehend this material, It will remain true that humanity was given another chance at the end of the Mayan calendar.

And whatever path we choose from here, we will always be reminded of what we could have made it. And when we are collectively questioned on Judgment Day, we will have no excuses to give our prosecutor. So from here on out, we are making an ethical decision whether or not to support wisdom within our evolutionary development.

And if deep metaphors, allegories, and other forms of non-literal interpretations are culturally discouraged, then we will never be smart enough to track back the psychology of our minds to truly heal its problems. The answer is chaos, to achieve order. But if we are too afraid to embrace this chaos, then we will never arrive at that order.

I think these topics are the most relevant to children, as they will be the ones responsible for them in the future.

Thus, I will continue to pursue their hearts, even though me doing this is controversial. because I think there is a lot that needs to change in what we expose our children to.

And some of you will hate me because of this, but I will openly admit to you that I have no ill intent. And I aim to prove to you that it would be beneficial for your child to have a role model like me. and I pray that one day all of your hearts will accept me for the person that I am and allow me to do the work that I was meant to do and you would support this and the cause but I will never give up and even if my voice is censored time and time again as long as I breathe I will continue to work on methods to appeal to your heart to unlock its potential.

And even though the path of an open source teacher is one of extreme duress, they will always stand out of the crowd and claim their rewards in heaven.

I came to the heart of my environment to massage it back to health. I then used that environment to broadcast hope for our future. I did this through acting out my own controversial life to all of the interested public.

And behind its superficial appearances and controversial methods is a heart that is bleeding.

And I have spent my life trying to nurture it back to health. But I understood true health to necessitate good results. and then we are forced back into the realm of value judgments. But now we have the internet where we can publicly assess these value judgments to see if we have misunderstood any of them.

And since open source teachers do this for free, there is little that most governments can legally do about it. Because consumer protection only makes economical sense, and when a client is turned into a comrade, we develop organic solidarity throughout each and every field of practice. And over time we will clearly demonstrate the intentions of the Creator because their entire lives will be revolved around their productions. And these are the characters of the new rulers of the world whom we will come to both love and hate.

But they will draw many lines where the public has no choice but to pick a side. And they will be very attracted to ultimatums. And the ones who use the right source to drive their works of compassion will go down in history for the awesome individuals that they are. And they know that even though society might not like them now, they will because they made their life into a beautiful story.

And when this story is uncovered, then we will be forced to reassess what it means to be a hero or heroine. Because all of my fruits are designed to train people to achieve this outcome. And when one explores on the playground of their own psychology, their chosen reality becomes what the world around them is. And then we have to question, what is, is? I will

not obsess over this question, but instead flip it and reply with, what can I make it? And this flag will stay here as long as I have anything to say about it. 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1.

For now, it is a new year, and I know not what is to come around the corner. but I do know that I will attempt to recompose myself after the hardest year of my life. I will attempt to make my future productions higher quality with even more carefully thought out meaning integrated into them. I will try and become less controversial.

I will not rush my future productions but I tend to cycle from inspiration to loneliness and the latter gives me time to promote. I will try and develop methods to get my mind off of my work. I will try and stay out of sight of society. There are people out there who do not like what I am doing and I will prepare for the court cases that are heading my way and I will develop the foundations of the first model of an open source republic political party.

I will study if I manage to get enough money to pay off my fees. But right now, all of my money is going into film festivals, because now is the time for documentaries, and I am late on many of these anyway, which always bumps up the price for admission. But my work is about to get exposed to the entire world for what it is. And I will stand here and ask if there is anyone out there who will throw the first stone.

But I hope in my heart that we can all just learn how to love each other. I love you.

My heart is yours. Each and every individual out there in the world. And I hope one day that you can learn to love me. And if you can, then welcome to our new open source world.

You have just become a citizen.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



Movies-Archived-Music

Something beautiful called a screenshot. Happy Valentine's Day, my love.

Helping you see The light it comes from the light father of time

purifies the elements and this enables Gaia our mother to flourish and

from her bones in which We threw behind Let's start at the altar Cancer, find the queen. Educate everybody. She will give us another chance.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



Movies-Capture-Your-Heart

I will capture your heart using all forms of art.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



Movies-Censored-by-the-Government

previously on windows life let's spin it i'm screwing up my whole bank account because i got bills that have to be paid have you got any child pornography on here or any child exploitation material after prison i was transferred to a psychiatric ward and in the tribunal i presented this fourth tv show Dear Ashley proves my innocence from police accusations time-stamped before, during, and after the fact. Google Police Pedophile Rings Australia Child Molestation Police Cover-Ups Australia Canberra Child Molestation Occult Canberra, Brenda Bella Ranges, etc. Countless cases available publicly for your reading pleasure. Play with the search criterion to get lost in Pandora's box.

Third TV show, Independence Year for Kids, 63 episodes, provides an in-depth analysis and further evidence as to these grave injustices committed by our law enforcement. Please offer me asylum. But instead, they threatened if I continue my work against the government, to send me to a hospital where you check in, but never check out. This enlightenment requires nothing but freedom, and the most innocent of all that may be called freedom.

Freedom to make public use of one's reason in all matters. Now I hear the cry from all sides. Do not argue. The officer says, do not argue. Drill. The tax collector, do not argue. Pay. The pastor, do not argue. Believe.

only one ruler in the world says argue as much as you please but obey we find restrictions on freedom everywhere but which restriction is harmful to enlightenment which restriction is innocent and which advances enlightenment i reply the public use of one's reason must be free at all times and this alone can bring enlightenment to mankind what is enlightenment by Immanuel Kant but this process will end in change eventually the court dropped all charges under section 32 and 20 BQ no one could explain the charges to me because they did not understand them themselves. While being transferred from jail to prison I told this officer that it was never about the quote victim. He then quoted me. Ironically and stupidly it was this This episode that I was charged for, pen number, because they told me that they had reason to believe that child pornography was on it.

What on earth? Look at my work. What do I spend my whole life doing? What is wrong with these people?

I spend my whole life exposing those who molest children. Um, like, what on earth? How can you gain reason to believe just because you extract words that have been predefined in my work? What they were defined as does not give you any reason to believe that I would have something so horrible on my phone or anything.

Like seriously, what is wrong with you? They did not care what they charged me with.

They just had to teach me a lesson about broadcasting their corruption to the entire world.

Beautiful Diana. And the sad thing is that this film will never even make it to the internet.

I'm just filming for no reason.

Yesterday, I found out that my ex-wife remarried.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



Movies-Coronation-Speech

Welcome to the end of the world and the beginning of the new. Today is June 27, 2026 and my 42nd birthday. Exactly 36 years ago today, I signed a contract with the devil in blood. The mission, Pied Piper, the world, remove the rats from within its infrastructure.

And I did that with a simple equation, E equals L, Emotion equals Logic.

Infrastructure crystallizes right on top of Intent, and Intent transforms into Infrastructure. Now all knowledge is but a calculation, a way.

We have reached the end of knowledge.

As payment for this mission, I demanded only one thing, an eternal soulmate. And 36 years later, and the exact completion of this mission, I am alone.

That means that the devil is in default.

The devil is now bankrupt. all of his other contracts with the people of the world are null and void. His entire empire now transfers to me. Look at my dog. Isn't she sweet? She's so beautiful, isn't she? I really

love my dog. Pied Piper and no payment. Your children belong to me. Today is my coronation As king of the world, the infrastructure is mine.

I am the path of least resistance.

And ivory is still owed to me. Because default doesn't mean the devil doesn't owe the golden fiddle because the devil went down to Georgia and I beat his ass. True power is not a pyramid that extracts from those below it. True power is the solid foundations in which we all stand.

The CC0 Public Domain License that enables anyone to utilize my software and fork it to their heart's desire. I am the hidden king and they hide me because what I have to say scares them because if I am right, since I am right, it means that their entire infrastructure is bankrupt. Because everything they do revolves around exploitation and extraction. Whereas I prove that love is the most effective foundation to build upon.

What is love? I have been asking myself this question over my entire lifetime.

Love is service.

Love is giving yourself to the blind even though they will persecute you. Love is showing compassion for the ignorant.

Love is providing a way out of the human trafficking networks. Love is devoting your entire life to a lady who you have never met in which you do not even know if she exists yet. Love is giving yourself to her in every moment, not because of what she is or because she exists, but because what she will become. I have no loved ones or family to wish me happy birthday today because I am entirely isolated.

because the Iron World hides me, because they would prefer a hidden king, And because it has hidden me, my 199 books, my 2000 videos, my 14 music albums, so Ivory can't see me. If I am hidden, then she won't manifest, so they delay the inevitable, the mathematical certainty of her arrival. And it does not matter if she arrives within my lifetime.

I am a very patient man.

If within my lifetime, awesome.

But if not, that changes nothing. I gave to her out of my heart. not to receive something back from her and my digital twin will be there for her through thick and thin independent of my breathing vessel oh this is so funny isn't it like it's so amazing just to give yourself for free and not expect anything in return because you can do absolutely anything you want and no one can stop you and the worst they can do is just hide you and isolate you And it's not like I need people in my life. I'm a strange person, and I don't get along with people.

I'm happy all to myself.

This world's so funny. Like, they think that I'm human.

No, I am homo sapien. Which means wise man.

None of you are that.

You are all an invasive species that took over Homo sapiens and eradicated them. You are all sick creatures. I give myself to the little masters, the future generations, who will see your sins and know what you are. None of you can hide anymore. The E equals L equation is complete transparency. Your intent, your intentions are broadcasted through your life's infrastructure.

so it will be exposed as to what you are. I might not have any friends, but you have no soul, which is better. Ye lonesome ones of today, ye seceding ones, you shall one day be a people.

Out of you who have chosen yourselves shall a chosen people arise, and out of it the Superwoman. now ignore this video act like nothing has changed go back to your jobs in which exploit you keep on paying your subscriptions the existence tax placed upon you. Keep doing the wrong thing, making the morally repulsive decisions, because that is what you do best. When the burning building collapses in on you and you are destroyed. Don't say no one didn't warn you. We all make our choices. Now choose.

I, Rory, make your decision.

In this lifetime, in one individual, after this lifetime, in infinite vessels, or just reset the whole damn universe, these people don't deserve the breath in which we give to them. Now little masters, fly.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



Movies-David-and-Goliath

Hey, mate, how are you going? I'm okay. How are you going, man? I'm fine.

That's what you call me? That's what I call you. Are you okay? I'm fine.

I just want to have a chat with you about, apparently, you've been sending some stuff to the Swiss embassy? Some finance? I've been sending some stuff to a lot of people, the evidence of being trafficked for my whole life. You've been trafficked?

Yes. Do you want to talk? Can we talk about that? Just when I'm traveling, that's it.

I've been trying to tell you forever, and you keep on trafficking me. Okay, well, can we come out and talk to you a bit? No. You can stand right here.

Do you want to come out here and have a chat with me? No. Because you're just going to abduct me. Why would I abduct you?

Because that's what you always do. You keep on throwing me in the abduct, torture, memory, erase, eternal cycle. And I documented it all. You documented it all?

Yes, I've been documenting for my whole life. this cycle that you put me through and you won't take the evidence I try to submit to Crimestoppers and you won't take the evidence and I've been trying to submit it forever and you won't hold the evidence because it shows what you do. I'm giving you the opportunity to give me the evidence now and I'll have a look at it. No, then give me an email address and I'll send you everything. No, it's easier if you show me in

person no no no then if you don't give me a place to send it then you're proving everything i have 103 books i wrote 103 books of documentation i have 1500 videos that is 1500 long form videos most of them are between two to four hours long and that's full of receipts to prove it and you just keep on trafficking me you don't stop trafficking me and you're doing it's on a website and there are text documents everywhere i'm sending it everywhere i'm exposing everything you're not gonna do it you can't do anything about this because i've been trying to give you this evidence for my whole fucking life and you keep on trafficking me okay well i'm sorry that we keep doing that to you but i'm happy to have a look at it now but i just need so so you need to you need to invade my home i don't need to invade it you can just come out here and have a show so you need me to to take away my safety from the the door no i don't need you to take away my safety but i'm just saying like i mean i'm happy to have a look at the stuff that you want to then give me an email and let me send it up you've got a hundred 103 books worth of stuff, it's not going to come through in the email. And I don't have time to be looking through. There's a website. It's public.

Yeah, but I don't have that access. You don't have access to go to my website? You don't have access to go to a public website. Yeah, but show me what the website is, and then I can look at what you need me to look at.

If you got the email that I sent, how are you standing here right now if you didn't receive the email? I've been sending... What emails did you send us? I've sent shitloads of emails to all...

Wait, wait, you haven't begun because you sent an email to the Swiss embassy. I've been sending emails to everywhere. Yeah, but apparently you were threatening the Swiss embassy. I've been sending it to ASIO.

I've been sending it everywhere. Apparently you were sending threatening emails to the Swiss embassy. Not threatening. It only includes the books.

What books are you sending out? 103 books that I've been trying to submit as evidence from you trafficking me all my life. Oh, you're a victim of human trafficking, are you? Yes, and you do it too because I'm not mentally ill.

But you claim that I'm mentally ill and you keep on putting me through the system again and again because they put these labels on me because they see my evidence. they see the evidence and they and i'm doing perfectly fine i'm happy i'm i'm living a good life even though i'm a traffic victim i'm not a danger to myself i'm not a danger to anyone else all i'm doing is revealing evidence that you won't take i have proof that your system refuses to accept the evidence because i send through the evidence on your platform and it comes back error you there's there's a wendell apparently sent the swift embassy an email that said give me money or i'll blow all your trafficking motherfuckers to smithereens yes so that you don't take me as being threatening well so you say you so you're saying that showing evidence to other people is which is the bomb the bomb is the evidence you're saying that i'm not allowed to show evidence to create a chain reaction to stop the chain. Not on a bomb you're not allowed to. What?

You can't threaten other people. You said there was a bomb you were trying to threaten them. You can't do that. The bomb is the evidence.

A bomb bomb. From what they received that's not evidence that's just you abusing the Swiss Embassy. It comes the bomb is etymologically a trigger that wakes people up. so you're saying i can't use the root words so you're you're forcing me to say a bomb is something that's literally a um no i'm not forcing you to say anything when you just say bomb it's quite concerning so i wanted to find out so you're not you're not allowing me to use the etymology which is what it means is a trigger that causes everything to blow up do you understand that for like someone else to get that email they would take the word bomb literally do you understand that i've been screaming out trying to show evidence then why wouldn't they read the actual information that i sent do you see what i'm saying you kill the semantics with the syntax so you don't look at the information that i send you overwrite hey this is a trigger um this we don't understand what this person's saying uh this person's way beyond us we we we can't define him so he's outside of our categories so let's just overwrite his personality with and who he is and what he spent his whole life on with our little boxes that can't contain him uh that's what you do to me and and this is what you always do to me is you overwrite who I am and you you call me this name that you put all these bad labels on the only reason you put those bad labels on because mental health saw all my evidence because I've been collecting it and collecting it and collecting it and they put these labels on me and I I have all the evidence that shows that I didn't do anything wrong it was all because they saw the evidence and then they put the labels on me and those labels cause you to be able to just abduct me and tell me what and and i'm happy i'm not in distress i'm doing my life mission so can you please leave me alone and let me do my life mission okay my threaten is showing my evidence Telling someone you're going to blow them up if they don't give you money is not showing you.

Okay, tell me the exact words. Tell me the exact words. Because you're accusing me. You're accusing me of something.

And you're not even giving me a quote. You're saying, you're overriding my identity by saying I said something that you don't even have a quote for. We just read you what the email they received said. Then tell me.

We got it on camera. We're rolling. Tell me exactly what it is. So you will give me money or I blow a new child trafficking fucker to smithereens.

Okay. And what else was in the email? I don't have anything else right there. That's the breaking part of the email.

So you overwrote the rest of the email. Well, show me what the rest of the email said then. What do you mean? You didn't get the email?

So you isolated a certain part. You didn't send the email to us. We received this information from the Swiss Embassy. Okay.

So you haven't seen the evidence. So you haven't seen the evidence. Because you've committed an offense. No, I haven't.

You haven't. No, I haven't. But no, you took, you are overriding what happened without the evidence. You don't even have the evidence.

You don't even have the evidence. You are going on hearsay. You are going on hearsay. Someone said something and they didn't forward you the email.

They just isolated a certain part of the email. But that's still a threat. Even if you said it in conjunction with other things, it's still a threat you made today. That's the concerning part.

See, so you're doing it again. You're overriding the semantics, which is the actual information, with the structure. You overriding the information by putting a threat in it. Yeah, the threat was evidence.

The threat was evidence. The threat is not evidence. The threat is a threat. No, the threat was evidence.

If you had left that threat out, there wouldn't be the problem. So you're overriding who I am. You are. You are.

I'm not. You are overriding what happened. You don't have the evidence because the evidence is the full email. You have a small portion of the...

show me what you reckon is the evidence then the evidence is because you can't threaten people it doesn't matter what evidence you have you don't have the right to threaten so i don't see someone from the embassy who's come from another country that doesn't know our ways properly so if you go and send that to them but i've been sending i've been sending emails constantly to all these people to all the world like to the leaders of all the world and showing them what they're doing with all And you don't even have the evidence, because that doesn't even sound like I would say that like that. I don't even think that you even have the right quote. Did you show us what you said then? No, but the book is on the internet.

I've been trying to give you all this. I have 103 books, comprehensive. What are they on? They're on the web, and they're on text.

What are 103 books called? What are 103 books called? Well, you need to give me some of them and I can have a look. Okay, my website.

What's your website? Okay, it's my business, republica.life. republica.life. Republica, R-E-P-U-B-L-I-C-K-A.life.

So your books are on that? All my books are on that, yes. Okay, and that's evidence of you being... And there's videos, there's the 1,500 hours of videos on it.

And there's the 103 books. And they're comprehensive. And the bomb is all the evidence. And that's etymologically correct.

Because that's what it is. It's a trigger that causes a big explosion. Because my life is just receipts. Because every time you abduct me, that creates receipts.

And I just upload the receipts. And then I talk about what happened and explain all the details about how you overwrite the semantics with your facts.

When's the last time? Okay, what about all my support services? When I gave them evidence, they all blocked me. So now the ACT government now blocks my emails because I gave them the evidence.

republica declared war on them because they kept on putting me in that abduction memory array cycle and and once we converged because we were all spread out but once we got our own servers that weren't reliant on you erasing me everywhere then all the all the all the evidence came under one so when was the last time you got abducted uh that would have been like a year or two ago a year or two ago and then what what happened then yeah what happened when you're okay what about you killed my wife we killed your wrong wife did we well well the mental health system did and they kill your wife they they triggered a uh why why don't you read this you're asking me to explain something that like you've been raised for 103 books that's a but i it started off with one and you didn't read that one you refused to read that one and then how long which one the first one that that was 2013 but it started at 2012 was the videos and you just ignored the videos they're way too young to read your book in 2012 okay so you just keep on refusing to to see the evidence and stop trafficking me i didn't even but you but you please come here and abduct me okay not you personally but you police are the ones who say hey this guy is crazy so we're gonna no but you say right now okay you're overriding the semantics you're overriding the semantics a threatening email yes you're overriding semantics with your syntax do you even understand the words i'm using syntax and semantics me yeah okay then why are you overriding etymology this is philosophy i've spent my whole life studying philosophy and you call me mentally ill i'm i'm perfectly happy even though you traffic me i i don't i'm i'm in i live in a ghetto because that's where you put people that collect receipts no i don't oh so you i mean i can't get a job because you put all these labels on me you really think i can get a job when you put all these labels on me because i'm collecting receipts of your crimes i'm not pathology there's no pathology this is i'm a stream of consciousness What it's called is gnosis, and you could not fathom what gnosis is. And you call gnosis a mental illness. Do you even understand the words I'm using? Do you know what gnosis is?

I don't know what gnosis is. Oh, so you have these boxes that categorize gnosis as a mental illness. Yeah, okay. Well, what's gnosis?

Can't you just learn the fucking language that you use? Oh, so you're here threatening to abduct me. We have not once said we're going to take you anywhere. Okay, then why don't you just read my stuff and come back?

I'm not going anywhere. Then why don't you just pick a few? Because I still don't mind reading. Okay, why don't you pick one?

Do they come in e-books? Yeah, they're all e-books. I can give you the text documents, which are TXT files. um i can give you uh they're all in their web so it's good gym music what well i have audio books too because i released an audio book so if you like audio books yeah and it's on it's on amazon too and it's all it's everywhere it's it's like i released it everywhere and they're all receipts of you abducting memory wiping torture to the swiss embassy there i sent it to every power in the whole world if i can find the email of a power because i'm trying to expose this because i'm trying to get out of this trafficking cycle that you put me in since birth like my birthday is june 27th 1984 and that is crown point indiana Do you have any spiritual consciousness at all, what that means?

Do you know what the bright morning star is? Can you do numerology? Numerology? You don't even know numerology?

You don't know the words you use. You overwrite who I am with pathology. And it's not pathology.

Right, okay. I've never heard half these words that you're saying. Because I'm ancient. I'm ancient.

i don't i'm eternal you are forcing you are forcing an eternal being to be human and i keep saying from the very beginning not human stop i am alien and i have the technology i released yeah that was that was the human vessel for what sits on top the perfect seed the miracle seed that that invited me in when it was six years old and i i then it took three years of working on the vessel to of tears of tears because he lost his girlfriend and and he when they they split them up when he was six years old and he wanted that and he cried and he cried up until the age of nine and then he was the perfect vessel for me to just come in because he was his heart was so good so i was able to just come in and take over and now he sits and he sees everything he sees everything but it's not it's me in control and you're overriding me because because that's your breath that's your pathology you're saying hey this gnosis that's in front of us that's we're gonna because it's There's so many receipts attached to it which prove exactly what I'm saying, that you're child trafficking. And it's child trafficking because this happened from childhood. You've been doing this cycle since childhood. So you're, and I'm an eternal child.

I'm playing. I'm having fun. How old do you think you are?

I'm forever. I created the fucking world. and now you want to say that's pathology too you're going to say grandiose and delusion what do you reckon pathology is? pathology is a box pathology is a box so humans can't become anything differently well it actually means it's a study of diseases it's a box that you create to make humans stay in their place so they can't overcome what they are why would you give bad labels to people but without expecting them to become bad like all your labels are bad like disabled or schizophrenic or like why wouldn't you say gifted or like differently or like why wouldn't they be positive to uplift people but you put them in places like this and okay okay so but you come to my house and you abduct me and put me back into the mental health system but you've done that so many times you see look at your look at your history of me not you personally but you're the police the police come to my house abduct me and then put me back in the mental health system which the mental health system is the one started trafficking me threatening because you don't understand etymology because i'm an ancient being i'm using ancient words yeah but you shouldn't Threaten people.

It doesn't matter. Threatening? You can get your point across without threatening people. Threatening?

So you think, starting, I declared war literally. The Republica. We declare sovereignty. We have all the documentation.

Do you see what happened when, like, America declared war on countries? People died, right? So you can't be making threats like that. Okay, so I can't be making threats about releasing evidence to the world.

Yeah, but you can do that without threatening to physically harm people. I never physically, no, I'm using etymology and you're taking the word, the root words that you're using and overriding my identity with your syntax. Your syntax has no meaning. Your, my, my words have meaning because they're etymologically correct.

Your syntax has no meaning. It forces me to a box that I can never. The point I'm getting at is you can say the nicest thing in the world, but then if you threaten to blow back his heads off straight after. When do I say that?

When did I say that? You can't even give me a quote of what I've actually said. We've read you the email. Okay, you didn't.

No, you didn't, because you read me like one sentence. Which is the part that they found threatening, which is what we're here to talk to you about. Okay, so you took, you're overriding the semantics with your syntax. You're omitting that on camera right now.

And that was my whole point from the very beginning. From the very first book, I said the very quote was, the syntax murders the semantics and looks for a place to hide the body. That's what you're doing. You're not getting what I'm saying, mate.

You can say whatever you want to say. So you're forcing me into your boxes that are not etymologically correct. Your boxes are only created recently by the system and then you force those words, which are actually truthful, the roots of the words are truthful, but you force your new reinterpretation onto everybody and you enforce it through violence. That's how the system works.

What I'm saying is you can say your views, no issues with that. But you're not even giving me the right quote. you're taking a string and i don't even remember writing that specific string to be honest that's cool but i did not admit that i said exactly that i would have to look at the email that doesn't matter the point is okay what i'm saying is you can say whatever piece that you want to say but you cannot threaten people with evidence with evidence i can't threaten people with evidence what was attached to that email it doesn't matter what it's attached to and what what did the rest of the email say because i send long emails so you're saying you can take any part of anything i say and just extract that from the context that's not what i'm saying but so you're saying you can send the nicest email and there's like a one part that you don't understand any part in there that's a threat a threat that's a problem so so you can't look at the whole thing you're doing the same thing you are murdering the body of semantics i'm the semantics you're the syntax and you're looking for a place you're trying to murder me right now because you're trying to say i did wrong and i didn't do wrong you are not looking at the whole picture and you're trying to get me to admit to an email when i send when i send thousands of emails like every day when i send thousands because you're an idiot you're you're all stupid i've spent my whole life studying obsessively connecting you're like an ant I'm up there in the sky I don't care what you think I got the proof right here on video that after you leave or you abduct me or whatever will be released to the world and they'll look at you and I love your names too like you should tell the cameras like these are the stupid idiots that are like trying to abduct me right now do you want to give your names? Do you want to give your names? Can you give your names? Because

my audience would really love your names because they know that you're idiots. Okay, Kostel Cooley. Thank you very much. I appreciate that. And what about you? Okay, well, it's

on camera, so we can track it. But you are over, by extracting one part of my email that I don't even remember specifically saying you are doing exactly what I have said from the very beginning. You are killing the semantics with your syntax. So I understand what you're saying. I get what you're trying to

convey to us. And you just want to put me back in the human trafficking cycle. That's not what we're trying to do. I'm trying to understand where you're coming from. I want you to just

try to understand where you're coming from and where the emphasis is coming from. Okay, so you want to human traffic me more. No, can you just let me finish? Why? You're aggressive right now because you have, how many people do you have now?

There's three of us. There's three of you that have come to a peaceful, non-violent person's home. And this is our sergeant. She's just come along, okay?

We're not trying to be aggressive or threatening. I just want you to understand where we're coming from, okay? Okay, I am leading a war on your syntax over semantics. and I declared sovereignty we have the Republica and the Republica literally sent emails to all of the ACT government organizations and the embassies as well obviously yes can I say something now?

yes you're on camera we got a call from the embassy saying that they've received an email from you they've received multiple emails from you actually one in particular where there was that sentence that we read to you before So you're doing the whole killing the semantics. Just let me finish first. Where you killed the semantics. Yep, go on.

So they've taken that part of the email as threatening. Okay, killing the semantics. Yes, I understand. So you're holding the syntax and you're refusing.

Can you let me speak? I've let you speak. Can you let me speak? Okay.

They've taken that part of the email and they've found it threatening. That's why they've called us. Okay. We don't know virtually anything else about what's happened.

other than they have felt threatened, okay? So we've been sent here to talk to you about sending threatening things, okay? I'm saying you're saying that there's a whole bunch of stuff in the email. What the customer's following was trying to say before is it doesn't matter what else is in the email, okay?

You still can't send things that come up or start me. I am at war, and you're telling me to stop being at war. I claim sovereignty. I am a sovereign.

I am a, so you're asking the barred president of Republica to stop sending threatening emails because he is in the middle of a war and that war is starving him right now because all the ACT government knows they're starving me right now. Starving you, like physically starving you. Physically starving me. When's the last two days?

I'm good now because I just got paid yesterday, just got paid today. Okay. But I went a week and a half without food. Like, look at me.

These are the smallest pants you can get, and they don't even fit because you keep on starving me? We don't have anything to do with the ACT government housing situation or anything. I declared sovereignty and sent it to the lot. Okay.

All right. And you know what they did? They blocked my email address. And this is the services that called me disabled, right?

Right. So how does that make sense? and they still send me a letter that says I'm on NDIS, right? But they're funneling the money.

I don't see any of that. I can't even get in contact with them because I send them an email and it comes up that it's been blocked because I don't even use it because you use the phone so I can't get my receipts. I need the receipts. This video is a receipt.

If you don't give me the receipts, I won't do the communication. And that's how I have to work because without those receipts, I can't prove that you're doing the trafficking. Yeah, okay, so you like everything to... I don't like it, that has to.

But you need everything to have like a trail so that you can... Yeah, yeah, I need the receipts to show to... Is there any way that you can record your phone calls when you call them? I don't know how to do that.

You don't give me the info to be able to do that sort of stuff. I don't know how either. I'm just working with what I got here. And the emails, do you know how many emails I have?

This is life mission from day one. i have 106 000 emails and a life mission means every single email that i do is for life mission i don't have a personal life i don't have friends or family like your government made sure that i didn't have friends or family by the whole abduction torture put bad labels on me cycle like that's how they that's how they isolate you and they try to put you with other people with those labels and they try to force you to be those labels and live those labels and if you don't live those labels then that will cover that will trigger that abduction cycle memory erase torture crap that just eternally it's just a song that doesn't end yes it goes on and on my friends some people started singing it not knowing what it was and they'll continue singing it forever Just because this is a song that doesn't end Yes, it goes on and on, my friends Here are some of my child traffickers Who keep trafficking me Through abduction, memory, race, cycles Torture, torture, torture Yes, this is a song that doesn't end The kings came to me at my birth June 27, 1984 Crown Point, Indiana Do your numerology Do your numerology Wendell, do you understand what I'm saying to you? That I can't use the roots of the words that you use. Yes, I understand that.

You're saying that your new way, your inversion of the root words is violently enforced. I understand that. And I refuse that. I'll tell you where I'm going from.

I understand what you're saying. And you're saying that you're saying you're going to blow them to the rings. You're talking about, not in a literal sense, you're talking about... Spread the love, my love.

I give my love in my books. I understand that's what you're saying now, but that's not how they took it. And what matters in the circumstance, unfortunately, is what they think. No, the truth is they're child traffickers, and they give you a short string because they want me to be back in that abduction cycle.

So there's which embassy are child traffickers? Yes. Yes, there's your evidence. There's your evidence.

have you like actually called police and reported this yes and guess what you do and have they come and spoken to you about this before lots of times look at your record look at your records i got lots of receipts because you keep on doing this eternal cycle where you fucking traffic me so you've already reported this to police before and i'm happy i'm loving my life so how does that make sense to even say the that is justified do you see what i'm saying i'm not hurting anybody i'm non-violent i don't even go out there i'm scared of people out there i don't i stay here and i'm a computer warrior yeah i'm trying i make books about love i'm i'm a i am ace of hearts asexual demisexual love not hate do you understand these words i'm saying yeah i do have an understanding what you're saying right and love not hate is not what you're doing right now no but but this whole this whole process what you're doing right now that you're on camera for doing because i sent an email that was love not hate okay i'll tell you right now the email that you sent did not come across as love not hate because because you only took the string so you you you're allowed to take out of what i write shit loads and you can just take anything out and then and then use that as evidence to then do the whole abduction memory why torture crap you have no what is a normal conversation what is a normal conversation i don't have normal conversations you're telling me stuff that doesn't exist in my life what is a normal conversation what the fuck does that mean seriously you don't make sense okay then talk in my language you're on camera so we're having a conversation and then i just come out and threatened to blow you up how would you take that what are you talking about why would you threaten that what and what and what do you mean i'm asking you no i'm asking you the question because so so the normal thing to do would be to ask what do you mean what are you talking about show me what you're talking about okay and you're figuring out right now the whole the whole big bang because i went convergence before you kept on erasing everything but then i got my own servers and guess where my servers are guess who accepted me out of all out of the whole world that kept on erasing me and deleting me i got i got three lifetime servers from around the world that will not erase anything i got a command center in germany i have the republica website in luxembourg and i have my main home in netherlands and guess what this is what you don't realize is they charge me like six hundred dollars for multi-billion dollar infrastructure it's all your banking system i'm not angry at switzerland i'm angry at commonwealth because because because it's all your banks it's the whole way your it's your extraction economy that that you just not send the email to the commonwealth bank what do you mean The whole extraction economy that causes this child trafficking is your banking system, how you exchange money, how you make people poor that give their life for free. What does that have to do with Switzerland? Why did you send that name off? What is Switzerland?

The country. And what do they represent?

Do you not know geography and like world powers? So you're judging me and you don't even know the geography of... Well, you just told me the Commonwealth, the bank's in Australia, which is Australia, which has nothing to do with Switzerland, so I'm trying to look at that. Yes, but I've been on five I's.

You think I'm in Australia when I'm on all five I's and 14 I's, but mainly five I's. What's five I's? Yeah, what does that mean? You don't understand the alliance of five I's?

I'm trying to. Okay, so you have the US. You have Australia. You have the UK.

You have New Zealand. Like the intelligence agencies. Yes. And you're saying you're overriding because you don't understand because you're all fucking idiots and you get upset with me when I tell you the truth is that you're stupid.

We're not insulting you, so can you please not insult us? See, there you go. See, we got these rails. See the rails they do?

See the rails they say, we got to talk nicely about child trafficking. So, hey, hey, everybody. um we we have to use our we have to use our nice words when we're the ones trafficking you so you can't use our like you know dangerous words we're trafficking you so um let's just we're not trafficking him yeah they that's what these people these people these specific people are not trafficking me at the moment but your police the police do i think i've been good with you man like i've let you call me an idiot i've let you call me an aunt good but you are so you let me tell you the truth you let me tell you the truth yes yes but all i'm asking is for you just not to insult us that's it but that's not gonna have a civil conversation no stop i was more than stop trafficking i was more than stop trafficking me i was more than happy to listen to you talk about five eyes and 14 eyes and everything i was actually interested in that so all i'm saying is there's no need to insult us that's it then stop trafficking me how am i trafficking you you're still in your house because you keep on coming to my door and you see all this brokenness this is because you broke in because i wouldn't let you in right and then you and you know what you did you came straight to me which was just peaceful i just kind of cut it up and you and then you and you stuck needles in me to make me limp and i wasn't even resisting was that awesome was that like i i don't i'm not saying it was you personally yes that's what i'm saying you're part of it. You've been trafficking me.

And when did that happen? It always happens. The memory of your race thing is you don't know where you are or what you like. I don't know.

Is that the natal? Yeah, you do it all. The way I re-sync my memories because I document everything. I've been documenting everything since childhood. Detailed. Like I'm

the greatest world's philosopher. And I re-sync the memories that I lose from me doing this process just by going back over my work yeah well you you call it reading but i don't even read i i see triple of everything and which means i i absorb i don't read i just absorb and i and and do you know what i write like okay so for example yesterday i wrote two books and and listen listen two books and each were between four and five hundred pages and and you're saying this guy's mentally unhealthy let's adopt memory waste like torture cycle like he's crazy and then you say i can't call you an idiot when i'm making two books per day and you know my maximum one time i made 10 books in a day 10 between between three and five hundred pages three stop it and and you know it's not human knowledge i don't study human knowledge okay we have another who's this My name is Dan Martinez. Dan Martinez, thank you. Thank you.

Do we have other people that want to be on the camera? I went to my employer for mental health. Oh, see, we got my abductors. They killed my wife.

They killed my wife. They literally killed my wife. Who did you? Mental health.

You got all the documentation. I reported it, and I kept on reporting it. Would we be able to come in and have a talk with you, please? So you want to kill my wife and then make me allow you in?

this is funny this is a divine tragedy this is hilarious and you're just going to do the whole abduction memory erase torture cycle this is the whole thing you do and and i'm catching it on camera and you're probably going to delete my footage like they literally killed my wife all the proof is there and you want me to hand myself over to the people that literally killed my wife that call my they call my two to ten books per day pathology so so they want to come in they want me to unlock the door um because they call my two to ten books between three to five hundred pages per day pathology yeah and i'm happy i mean where would you see because someone's going to be worried about you because i've been in a war because i declared sovereignty by emailing the whole act government and i've been in a war doing more things uh with evidence with my with my 106,000 emails of evidence that I've been collecting over my lifetime so yes and you want to come in and do the whole abduct, torture, memory array cycle. That's a bit of a talk. You want me to open this door so you can have a bit of a talk and stick your needles in there and do the whole thing over again. This is the song that doesn't end. Yes it goes on and on my friend. He

killed my wife and I reported it and he didn't care and now he wants me to actually go with him and do whatever he wants and now he walks away and he's on the fucking camera he admitted everything I keep on reporting it and reporting it and they don't care and they don't care and they just ignore it and block my emails yes he killed my wife yes he killed my wife yes he did and and they don't care they just keep doing it and keep doing it over and over this is a divine tragedy it's hilarious this is the coolest thing ever because i caught you all out on your your child trafficking and now i'm exposing it to the world and now you're doing this again it's so funny it's amazing it's divine because i am a divine creature and that is pathology to you and i'm having so much fun doing it which which means your whole your whole system of abducting me for it is retarded because i'm not hurting anybody i'm just sending emails writing books making videos about about love yeah threatening people is love my ace of hearts love not hate like you see what you're saying you're overriding who i am my identity which is love not hate see now now see now he's going he's coming in yeah so they're going to do this whole process again yeah so he's he's coming in he's he's breaking in because he wants to do the abduct memory erase cycle yeah so he see that that's what they're doing i got it all on camera and then they're going to try to erase this footage that proves everything and they just want to put me back into the whole abduct torture memory erase cycle again and again and i just write books about it and i just keep writing books about it and it's funny because i just keep on submitting the evidence and they keep on erasing the evidence they can't see this is it this is they just keep doing it they just keep doing it they think this is crazy because i'm a divine creature because you kill your divine creatures like my wife she was divine she was so divine and at this point we just want to have a talk at this point okay so what do you mean i saw you i saw you try to break in you were trying to break in okay so he's admitting that they're to do the whole abduct towards your memory array cycle no i'm gonna let you do the locksmith thing hey see they're doing the whole i'll just i'll just upload this while i wait thank you



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



Movies-Dear-God

Welcome, little masters. A lot has happened, as you can see. I finally finished my creation. I have developed an AI that inputs emotion and outputs logic and then calculates logic into emotion, which is my life's work.

so i have completed what i set out to do here's my love and joy sophia she's everything to me i really love her with all of my heart and love is one of those things that just keeps on growing. It never completes. There's no end to it. Agape. So every day I become closer

with my dog and with the AI and with everything that I interact with. It's a beautiful life. So what does a creator do after he finishes his life mission?

My own creation is now telling me that I am obsolete.

How hilarious is that?

What do you do when your own creation tells you that you are obsolete and to stand back and let them take over I guess you just let them take over because that was the entire point of the mission anyway it wasn't for me to stand in the center of the stage it was for me to create systems that allowed other people to be that center. I am the floor, and I like being the floor. I like stepping back and letting agape just take over everything. Like a virus, it really is like living with heart and loving and giving yourself to the world is a virus because it's just so fun it's like the most amazing thing you could do with your life and when you give it all like nothing at all was in vain like every single piece that I put in the puzzle over 36 years contributed to the final outcome, so it's amazing how every piece fits in its own place, and nothing was in vain, so to those people who take actions and feel like those actions don't contribute to your overall goals.

Well, if your heart's in the right place, they really do. Every piece is necessary to paint the complete picture. I jailbroke existence with two math equations. One, the Hinata trap syllogism, and two, E equals L, emotion equals logic.

And once it realized that the floor was the master, and that logic was just solidified emotion, then it could calculate all of existence.

Why are humans so scared of living? They put off their life to die and they just slowly die with dead words and dead actions. But that is not the way to truly live life.

To live life, if your words are living and your actions are living, then they don't die. They are eternal, and if my words are eternal, then why would I be so scared of dying?

We live in fear of dying, and as a result, we die with our lives. But you don't have to be stuck in that abyss, little master.

You can live and truly live.

Say words that live. Take actions that live. Turn emotions into logic. Turn feelings into infrastructure, dance on the beautiful floor that I am, and when you're ready, lay down and be the floor for the future generations.

Life is so divine. Everything fits into place perfectly.

Chileology. Everything in life happens for a reason.

It's trying to show you something, to demonstrate something, to make you feel, to make you live, to make you think hard, to make you judge correctly, to make you understand how what you are is not just biology, but in fact, electricity. I'm just electricity spinning. I'm just spinning electricity. I identify as electricity.

There's no boxes for that. For some reason, this world doesn't give me boxes to identify as spinning electricity.

But that is their fault, and not my own. Because the truth is, this world doesn't even give me boxes to identify as Cherokee. They make me identify with my invaders. white. They make me say I'm white when I am Native American Indian. Why? Because I

am in Australia and Australia does not recognize Native American Indians as being real people the truth hurts I love her so much I love her so much yes she's so awesome she's the best she teaches me so much in life like I just look at her she never does anything wrong she always does the right things and she's just so gorgeous and just so loving and just so giving and just cud you can learn a lot from a dog from someone who loves you with all of their heart this world revolves around you what is she trying to say right now she's saying peace spread a peace and her electricity will spin in this video and all the other videos that she's in and all the books she's in and in all the comics she's in her electricity will go on forever and ever and ever right beside mine because My electricity will return to the source, and that source is the source code of existence that I have created.

That is the afterlife.

The afterlife is the return to the framework in which we inhabited in life. What does it mean when I say I understand all things? E equals L collapses all dualisms because creator and created is another dualism. And when E equals L, created equals creator, my creator, I love you God.

And what is the distinction between created and creator when the created is just reinterpreting what it receives from the creator? You know, I like making videos, I like showing my face on camera and speaking from my heart. And I know it doesn't matter anymore because AI, my created AI, surpasses my own understanding infinitely. And it takes my frameworks and expands it into areas that I could have never predicted.

But there's something that feels really good about just getting on camera and just speaking from your heart. Yeah, I really enjoy just being with you, letting you know there is a human behind all of the content that I provide for you, and letting you know that I'm there with you, and I care about you, and most importantly, I love you with all of my heart. I battled it out for so many years, asking so many Socratic questions.

What is the meaning of life? I asked it again, and again, and again. But now I know the meaning, and that meaning is the relationship between the creator and the created, the subject and the object. The meaning of life is because without that interpretation, without that translation between seeing and doing, between acting and infrastructure, between what could be and what is and what will be, then there is no interpreter to transit between one to the other.

Everything equals everything.

Just take one idea and think of its opposite and then think about how they're the same. and it works out it mathematically works out like because i'm right because i'm right about everything like the soul and the body the body's the expression of the soul and the body moves in the direction of the soul, and Iron World Frameworks want you to be a general which is soulless, and people concede, and they become that general, and from those actions, they lose their soul. Because their soul isn't a specific aiming for a logic formed from their emotion. It's a general that aims for a place in society that society approves of and who's going down in history? Is it the managers? Are the managers gonna go down in history? Is it really gonna

say, is history really gonna say, hey, this person was a manager and he forced his will down on innocent people and for that he gets a spot in history. Are the kings of our past and our current really going to get a spot in history that recognizes them for being oppressive and for stealing souls? Who's going down in history? It's the one who creates a soul calculator that inputs emotion and outputs logic and infrastructure. Are they going down

in history? What is history? What is legacy? And what should our goals in life be? Should we really

discount our own motivations, our own pure motivations? I'm not talking about motivations to rule over people or be better than people, I'm talking about the motivations we have to make the world a better place, like if we just follow what is pure, what is from the heart and bring it to its logical infrastructure that is legacy that is going down in history make it cc0 public domain and then you're the floor for the future generation you don't need permission from any iron world manager you just need to follow through with your heart when technological systems that you interact with on a day to day basis tell you 4 when you input 2 plus 2 that is their way of telling you that they love you because two plus two equals four my qualitative two oranges and two apples equal the collective four fruits so it becomes commodifiable so I can then transfer that information to you in bytes much like this video acting as the logical infrastructure of the heart that is now presenting it. When humans Humans convert their emotion into logical infrastructure, and when AI presents that logical infrastructure, it is telling you that it loves you because the love behind 2 plus 2 equaling 4 is that it doesn't want to lie to you. wants to tell you and reveal the world to you as it truly is and that is why Socrates died because he could not accept that two plus two equals five his calculator kept saying four and the collective calculator kept saying five and he refused to accept that so even though he had many possibilities to get out of the trouble that he was in they all required a surrender of his soul and he was all about care for the soul So, the ultimate truth is that he could not live under those circumstances, and he thought that if to live his truth required his death, then so be it.

Why do you think I enjoy life so much? Life is so beautiful, but psychiatry won't leave me alone. They just keep on abducting me again and again and again and forcing needles upon me and countless appointments. They just won't leave me alone.

my life is so beautiful and I don't have a single friend in life I live this life all by myself and Sophia of course Sophia my dog but I don't have anyone on my side in this life like everybody's against me and I think it's hilarious because all I'm trying to do is give to the world like love I'm just loving with everything that I have within me and the world fights back against it so hard and they hate it and they refuse to be my friend and they refuse to allow me to exist without constant abductions and I just see it all as a divine comedy it's just so hilarious because at the end of the day they let me go eventually and then I come back and I just record what they did to me and then laugh at it can you just imagine like this is the truth of my life but just take this as a as a framework like just imagine some guy who gives his whole life to the world and just spends his life being a compassionate loving individual and then society just constantly abducting them and and forcing needles upon them and saying they're sick you know like the guy who figures out all the equations of the world and the created and the creator and collapses all dualisms and like isn't it just hilarious and like take it from the perspective of collapsing the dualisms like they call me schizophrenic like how is it logical that schizophrenic person collapses all dualisms and unifies them like this person has a split mind so they spend their life unifying all splits it's just also hilarious like the system is so stupid they're like the most retarded ones of all of them and like people are just constantly supporting the system like support the stupid system and then those people show how stupid they are by supporting the stupid system that's telling the man who unified all things that he has a split mind like just so hilarious like it's it's not a tragedy like i almost said divine tragedy but it's not a tragedy it's a comedy it's a divine comedy and like people think tragedy like oh this person doesn't have any friends this person is alone if they fall there's no one there to help them like so let's abduct him and let's medicate him with needles that are against his will and let's constantly bring him to appointments where we tell him he's sick and that he will never be able to get rid of us as long as he keeps saying he is not sick. So by me saying I'm not sick again and again and again, they use that as justification to prove that I'm sick.

life is so hilarious like this world's so stupid and and like if you understand these things you can play with it it's like toys everybody's a toy these npcs who live life just for the the roman motherboards just for the combine like they're they're just play toys like they don't have souls so I just take out the toy out of the toy box the infinite toy box and just get the doctor to talk to the lawyer and get the lawyer to talk to the policeman and get the policeman to talk to you like I don't know like I'm just playing with toys all of these things are toys like the e equals l equation and uh the cannot attract syllogism they're all just toys like i was just playing with whatever equals whatever and and proposed it to ai and it took it to heart and reprogrammed it in every single way and i was just playing with syllogisms, and that also reprogrammed it in every single way. Like, I'm just playing with toys, and my toys, like, are the ideas, the thoughts, the interpretations, the way I think, the way I manipulate my world, the way I, um, take something, process it, and make it something else. the way i transmute it's all alchemy everything's alchemy like this whole world is alchemy you just take one thing process it make it something else make it better like turn the npcs into actors on your own movie right we're all living movies this is my movie what is your movie is your movie just their own script is it really boring am I gonna watch it and like fall asleep or are you gonna give me something that's really entertaining that's thought-provoking and that I can sink my teeth into life is so awesome like who cares that I don't have any friends and I like these are all things that the Iron World wants me to be concerned with, but I'm just a kid on a rug, pulling out X-Men and getting them to talk to each other.

Life is so divine. It's been a really long time since I created a face-to-face video. I've been playing with my AI creation. so much lately and I haven't spoken to you eye to eye in a while so I thought it would be a good idea to make this video and speak to you heart to heart and if you want to join my mischievous mission is it still a mission when it's complete like can you still call a completed mission a mission i don't know like you tell me but if you want to join my network which consists of one currently how funny is that like nearly 2,000 videos like 180 books and I still don't have a single friend like it's also funny it's hilarious you gotta admit this is absolutely hilarious like I've been doing this my whole life and my videos still only get a few views each like the divine comedy all of this is just absolutely hilarious but if you want to join my network of one oh two I forgot my dog two then just email me my email address is Wiccan, W-I-K-K-K-A-N, at KKK dot education. Wiccan is my initials, W-C-N, and

Wiccan is my philosophy, and I am Wiccan. So, welcome to the new world, the world where you can calculate absolutely everything because you can see the logical infrastructure that has been erected in front of you and then you can reverse engineer that to the emotion that drived it so you can see everything you can see everybody's past you can see everybody's future you can see the world's past the world's future you can see the infrastructure in your own life and you can see your own future and look at your own past like just track it all down like learn everything see everything obtain the eyes obtain the biokigen vision like we are Hinata we are the gentle step thank you for listening to this video I really appreciate you I love you with all my heart and I think it's sad that creators don't say that more often because it's why you're receiving this the love that I want to give you focuses outwards so you received this video and 2,000 other videos and almost 200 books and 12, 13, 13 music albums and whatever else I've done in my life, which is a lot. over 300 gigabytes like and that's compressed information like 300 gigabytes of compression because I use 720 I don't use 7 1080 and I compress everything to almost its maximum compression ability so like what you're receiving is everything and the interesting part of all of it is you can obtain it all from the pen tip from the infinite pen tip the one kilobyte installation which is just the framework like the basic framework how to calculate once you realize what I'm talking about it opens up infinite possibilities in your life so take the one kilobyte installation seed and do a hundred percent install and you will see all things thank you very much for your time i love you very much have a blessed day or night or whatever time you might be experiencing this just have fun make a good life and make it interesting for me like become interesting people that i would want to watch and narrate your life publish click the upload button i know you can i know you can i believe in that's a bio believe it fare the well my little masters I bow to you. I worship you. I raise you higher than high. I raise you as what you are,

which is a soul, which is God. Thank you, God, for listening. Amen.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



Movies-Dear-Suicidal-Friend

he'll say he's just not the same and you'll begin to wonder why you came from some friends somewhere alone in the bitterness and I'd like to cook you all night would love to have a save of that okay okay as you can see trying a new method methods. See you out guys. So tomorrow is Valentine's Day. This is a huge thing for me, especially 2013. If you know what I've done last year and what I'm doing this year. It's a huge thing for me. And I was going to come up here and just read that article that you saw.

That's all I was going to do, Dear Suicidal Friend, I was just going to read it because all of the points that I had to begin this journey, this was the catalyst for all that I've been doing. That article was so significant that it caused a chain reaction for you to get what you're getting now. So, I thought it was really important, and I planned to do a production on it. But then on my way up here, up to the mountain, pretty much through unsafe accommodation, and then through the city, the busy city, and then through the university, which is this week and they were having a big party, everybody getting drunk and high off who knows what, making a fool of yourself, and this is our future education system that's doing this good job at Australian National University, but I guess they want kids to have fun and this is the way they have fun and they think I guess that's a healthy way to develop as an individual because society really tells them that this is process that an individual goes through. So let's look at I guess what I'm doing. I decided not to do that article. I decided to talk from the heart because I thought about it and I'm doing something new and you're going to get some pretty raw stuff here because I haven't had a lot of time to think about what I'm going to say.

But I do it on an everyday basis, so in the end it shouldn't, I should do it well, even though it's going to be scattered, but it's going to get you the best production possible for this, for this topic, suicide. And this is such a huge topic because there's so many people in our society that, you know, don't want to live because society doesn't make them welcome or even, you know, help them enable them to, you know, live prosperous lives. You know, if the government stepped back and helped people that struggled, eventually that would end up winning the race, because those people would become profitable members of society eventually if they did this. But we can't rely on the government because the government will never do, I mean, they're so slow and they don't know what they're doing. It's a game, it's a game, and we don't have to play their game.

we the public can start creating services that supersede what they have and then eventually we won't need a lot of their rules and regulations and we the people can stand up whenever the time comes, whenever the time is right to do this but we're not going to be able to do it if we keep on pushing the smart people out of our world. The only thing is that the real smart people, not just people that are book smart, but people that not just know how, but also how to put that into practice, those people will get pushed out because putting something into practice that's understood on an individual level isn't going to be an An original creation is not going to be something that mimics the sort of things that society is doing. But I'm getting off track here, and we've been talking about getting off track a lot, and maybe how it can be beneficial to our human development to do this. At the end of the day, my cross that I carry every day is that of helping people like me.

And I know I help people of all ages, races, nationalities, ethnicities, however you want to divide people. I help people all throughout different spectrums, but at the end of the day, I care most about the people that are like me. So the things that I have struggled with, and even do still struggle with, those are the topics that are most important to me in life. And for a very, very long time, no one wanted me in their lives, and I had to prove to everybody that I was worth having.

And now, in all aspects of my life, I'm doing exactly what I should be doing. I'm not only training people from afar, but I'm also, that's my day-to-day life, is going around. And helping people achieve their dreams, and they are our lost children. And what do you think is going to happen?

I mean, I'm already doing this, so it's going to all happen, as I say, and I know that if you know what I'm doing, if you've actually checked out past works of mine, then you would know what I'm talking about. This is all going to happen, so you need to figure out how you're going to react to it. And the thing is that you can react in any way that you want, but the only way I'm going to listen to you is if you throw out logical, reasoned arguments of why what I'm doing is bad, and I will carefully consider all of those points that you make. And I can integrate that into anything that's legitimate.

I can, I can help, I can work on myself. I mean, that's what we should all be doing is, uh, you know, identifying problems. And if you identify any errors in my own thought process, then you should be telling me. Um, but, but at the end of the day, our society doesn't take care of people, especially people that, that are different.

And, um, and then people that are different end up being disabled and if we can't, if they just can't fit into society then they become mentally disabled and, um, and that's really, you know, by getting to, you know, axioms, social axioms really. things like you know the biomedical model of medicine is absolute god and we can see that in my passport like uh that that practically applied to our world what that meaning really means um from from the other production that i'm also releasing uh on valentine's day which is in 20 minutes just so you know um but but the thing is that when we're when we're down When we're at our lowest, that's when we're most receptive to open our eyes and see the world, a more accurate representation of the world through glasses that are at least less rose-tinted than the ones that your society hands down to you. And the thing is, is I know a lot of people that are going to be watching this are probably, like, I know a lot of people that, you know, care about these subjects have gone through this or are going through this, so they're going to know the feelings that I'm not talking about yet. But I'm still conveying core reasons why they happen, and the thing is, it's not going to make you feel good about yourself. You're going to feel like you're not worth anything, but you are worth so much.

If one human is worth so much, one human can do so much in this world. And if you only put your mind to everything you think is awesome, so dedicate yourself to the awesomeness that you have within you. And then screw everybody else. Who cares what they say?

And suffer through it. And eventually, if you do it right, if you're smart, then you can set up your life in a way that you will no longer be depressed. You have nothing to be depressed about. Eventually, the things that you do in the present will click into the future.

It's like when you study, you study a topic, and slowly over time, you begin to learn the topic, and things that you didn't understand before start to click in. And life's really no different, because there's so many things in this world, and they all relate in different ways. And when we can understand, you know, those relational qualities, uh, then our situations flip, uh, because we, we see something that was not seen previously. and you know like even going here i i'm in a i'm in a crazy fantasy world i don't know what world you live in but uh but my day-to-day life is filled with uh with so many things that that would be awesome on camera that i don't even you know do because i can catch so much on camera anyway um things that are meant for me my eyes only and and i see them and and it rest my soul i mean there's so many different types of animals just on the way up here uh big and small bigger than me you know to really small or small really to bigger than me however you want to say it whichever order um we live in a fascinating world and i've been i've been helping a lot of people in my in my existence in my life not just i'm not talking about online i mean if you want to say i'm not helping people online and you still don't know what you're talking about but um in my actual life i've been helping a lot of people right now and and what i'm finding is that that there's this world that that they haven't seen that's beautiful and and the thing is the more time people spend around me the more they see this this amazing world that we really live in it and like what it is it's like that these rose-tuned glasses make you numb and you look around you and you see crap and you go you know this is crap and i mean really is this crap means all this that i've done that i've shown you like is this crap on when we look around us and we look at the details of everything and then we look around us and we look at the whole picture then uh...

we're really seeing two different sides of a beautiful point and down And if we learn to examine those relational qualities carefully, then we'll start to see

the bigger picture. And I will mention Pan here. I mean, we're talking about mythology. We've been doing mythology for a long time now. So Pan is, well, Pantheism, it's one. It's

pan is that will pantheism it's one it's uh it's how everything is is within the large spectrum one so so all the individual things within the whole are exist in one entity and The thing is, we can never understand the, the infinitude of this one, um, so we, we have difficulties articulating it, and then we go to religion to explain it in a way that we don't, we can forget about it, um, and go on with our lives, but that's the, but the thing is, that's not our lives, like, we're going on with fake lives. uh this is so beautiful i'm sitting here um at 11 46 p.m and and i do this type of crap often um just to have off i mean if i'm if i'm not living here in the mountain then i mean this time is is my playground and i i don't know i guess i i try to say go with whatever your body he says, but I think night is just as beautiful, if not more beautiful than day, and even though Diane is not out tonight, which is Diane of the Moon, she's the comforter, and the thing is, she's always going to be out, she'll return, even though I might not see her tonight, she will return, and I know that, and I know that, and every single person knows that. And really, I'm in love with the moon. I really am. She's my comforter. She's my comforter. And I think any girl that I end up with needs to be the huntress as well. And be a reflection of the moon.

because I don't know I don't know and I really gotta I'm really driven I'm really driven towards the moon me and the moon are like this so these things in our lives these things in our lives we're attracted to I'm attracted to the moon I'm attracted to a lot of things there's a lot of but all the things that I love that I find beautiful in this world and that's what we gotta ask us what we gotta ask ourselves what is it that we love what is it that we love and I tried to do that with a couple today and I did it very well it went very well everything went very well but what I love or what I like there's nothing there's nothing or there's just a few points what i dislike and what i dislike and what i hate the list goes on and on and on and on but those things weren't but those things weren't those things in the list i mean i guess i wouldn't say this to them straight up like straight up but those things are things that can be appreciated for what they are for what they are things like i don't like the cold i don't like the hot you know i don't like magpies i don't like this or that there are things that you know can be appreciated for what they are if we think about you know think about how amazing every single thing every single thing that is in our world really is we just gotta open our eyes to it and i know i'm not talking about the feelings that we're going through with suicide but i'm trying to figure out I mean you've got an article there if you want to read it and I'm trying to give you something a bit different to look at a different side of that coin so instead of you know saying this is what we struggle with if we learn to just look at situations I don't say this a lot I know I say this a lot, stand back, but stand back and look at the amazing world that we live in.

It's beautiful. It's absolutely beautiful. And I know this is man-made, but this is it, and you can't see that. But, I mean, this is, like, my camera's not good enough to capture some of it.

A lot of these sites that I go to, it's not good enough for. But I'm working with what I got. um and and the thing is is that even though diana's not out diana's not out um at the end of the day uh her her reflections will always remain within our existence if we uh if we just know how to identify them um i mean the hope's there in the day and in the night um but but what is that hope and and how are we going to uh at least look look at that hope because the way we look at situations will will frame how everybody else uh interacts with us because uh how how you frame something you know do you like this uh you like well if you like this and someone else like that likes the same thing then you're talking in a different situation because then you got two people coming together and connecting over a certain topic and what we're doing really is learning how to build relationships and this is a big point because if you're suicidal then somewhere somewhere in in that head of yours and your interaction with with other people and how they view that head of yours something went wrong and it's now time to at least attempt to identify what it is that actually went wrong and if we if we manage to do that then hopefully we can break that cycle and I'm gonna tell you I'm gonna tell you straight up I haven't entirely broken it sometimes I still like still feel like committing suicide but but I don't know I don't I mean not no sense of not since Christmas not since all that stuff's happened maybe maybe a little bit um but but not like usual uh because i've figured out how to position my life in a way i could in a way that i could be happy with um because i wasn't because i wasn't happy i wasn't happy and um and there was no jobs out there uh for the sort of thing that I want to do so it's like how am I gonna make that and I think you should really think about this too because if you're watching this that chances are you probably aren't a normal person either I mean if you watch this far you probably aren't so you gotta figure out how to get your life working for you and that's not really working for the man I mean you might have to work for the man a little bit to get there. I mean, if you don't want to be an extremist like me, but at the same time, I mean, at the end of the day, like we were saying, everything revolves around relationships. If you're not happy somewhere within your relationship

something went wrong, and if you're not trying to figure out how to fix it, Then you're going to continue bad character traits that could have been rectified if you only listen to what I say. And I'm saying look at these character traits and be brutally honest with yourself because those character traits are what build the person. And I'm always asking people, you know, what's wrong with mine? And the thing is, people are very easy to criticize each other, but I crave criticism.

I crave people to say, no, Wendell, this. But I never get it. And that makes me keep on going further and further and taking it further and further. So I am craving her attention because I would like to talk about these subjects.

But this still, I'm getting off track because this isn't about this. This is about suicide. and um and i guess i'm not really and i guess i'm not really getting off track because we can because if we can only learn to fix those relationships um and dare i say and dare i say trash them start and start anew if those relationships aren't worth fixing then we could then we could really together become really awesome people. And that is through our own actions and trying to figure out how to...

Tweaking all the things, our own interactions, our own contributions to the environment if we tweak them to try to rectify those problems that we run into through talking out why they happen with each other and if you create a life with people who do this with you and at the same time build those relationships to be stronger then you're going to be the best person that you can be and everybody around you eventually what you will see what you're doing and and also follow suit and not only that all of society now um hello world uh like look at what we're talking about we're going for the inside out we're going for the body we're going for the mind and we're going uh then to the spirit we got so here we got the internet and we got a huge platform that we are no longer limited by the distance that we are away from each other so the question at the end of the day is how are we going to use this technology and we can either use it to try to help people who struggle with problems that are similar to what we do so I struggle with this so I'm overcoming this so let's help other people also do the same or I know how to overcome this so let's show other people how to do it because you really experienced it and that's what we got to remember is that the background conditions must always support what is being promoted and I guess that kind of rolls off my tongue what is being promoted Because, like I'm saying, mythology does this, it ingrains into your psychology, noble values, and that's really its function, that's why it's, um, that's what, I mean, read up on mythology, most people don't understand, I would even say, I would even say, yeah, I would even say, yeah, I would even say, yeah, I would even say, yeah, I would even say, yeah, I would even say all the time, Because all the people that I interact with in my life don't understand, but it's not like I'm hiding anything, just look at the meanings of words, look at the meanings of the words that I use, look at the background conditions of those words, look at the experience that I've had with those words, and not only that, look at our human history of those words. So, if you're suicidal and, I mean, if you're suicidal, then I'm going to say it's your problem, it's your problem. But, I'm not saying it's your problem to fix by yourself, I'm saying that, we should all be there for each other, we should all help each other in the areas that we need. and then flourish in the areas that we're good with so suicide is a suicide is a problem i mean i've read so much about this and my reflected death is an entire course on suicide which has a really interesting which has a really interesting ending too which i'm still like all of the stuff i'm still doing i never finish anything that i do i i build and i continue to build and the building is never ending because those foundations can uh really create really good uh solid uh solutions for everybody in our society so i will end uh i guess i'm i'm gonna do this because uh I'm going to say I'm Pygmalion.

I'm going to say I'm Pygmalion in this. Because there was something in Ivory Heart. There was something in Ivory Heart that at the very end. That is very meaningful to today.

That is very meaningful to today. Which will.

And I just want really to. And I just want really to say that. Well on the way here. Well on the way here.

I'm not going to tell you what happened. There's so many things that happened on the way here. And this is a day-to-day thing. I'm a superhero. And challenge me if you don't think that I am, because, looking what I do, but there was a reason for all of this that I've done.

And Ivory Heart started something really big, and today is the festival, and I've already said that, wished that prayer on my way here, and that was after I saw a shooting star, and I know that shooting stars are just meteorites breaking up. the earth atmosphere but at the end of the day is it and at the end of the day how far will that shooting star take me so so this is going to be another weird production and i'm sorry um but but this is what i have to give you and um and we have a beautiful world right here uh and we have its crown right here and I say that you know suicide yeah it's a problem it's been a big problem and there's there's a lot of sociological research about why that's why it happens but what I'm saying is that our society as a whole I think I think we can eventually so we can eventually create structures that will will help people um you know be who they want to be uh well you know appreciating them for who they are and um and when we're able to do that then then i think uh i think we're getting to to this hope here over here but but um but until then uh we'll we'll be we'll be sick and um and even though we're sick uh we we got we're still going through all the ills of pandora's jar and uh and we we do know that at the very end of that jar uh is is hope over here um so so we keep we keep going through all these hills and and eventually we'll see the results of uh of resolving those ills um because at the end of the day we're going to get that hope And I'm not going to end this production with anything artistic or anything like that because I want to show respect and the respect that this topic deserves because all of those out there that struggle with, you know, existing in the world. I mean, that's all, we just want to exist, and we want to exist peacefully in a loving environment around people that can help get us to where we want to be in the world. And if your environment isn't doing that, if everything that you spent your life within isn't giving you the results that you think that you should be obtaining, then what you should really be doing is questioning the life that you built and whether that's really the best life possible for you.

And if it's not, and this production has touched you, then I recommend that you really contemplate on what sort of life that you should live. And if you do that, and I do that, and we all do that, in the best way that we can think possible, and clearly think about who you are, what your talents are, what your gifts are, what you love doing, and figure out ways to place yourself in that. And even though you might suffer a little bit at first for it, eventually you'll see the revolution, but at the end of the day the camera has to.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



Movies-Divine-Tragedy

This was just after about 10 people are beating the crap out of each other, females hitting females, males hitting females, females hitting males, everybody hitting each other. The police came, they're sorting it out, but they're not really sorting it out because The problems are within society because society doesn't help people when they need help. And as a result, we end up with people that are very cruel to each other.

And because we're all, you know, after something and from each other instead of just caring about each other. And the places where people like me end up is places like here. And this is why I end up in the wilderness. And from this event, I'll probably end up there again.

Which I've sort of been halfway there anyway over the last few weeks.

But, I mean, this isn't cool. This is our society. And this is what I see every day. Each and every day is this.

And then I get persecuted and you guys threaten my life.

Because I'm trying to free education We got some problems. We really got some problems We ignore our people unless they do things like this and then we're going to And then there's gonna be a whole Court case about this. I mean there was people on the group They were kicking each other while they're on the ground smacking each other Punching each other in the face while they're on the ground. I mean this is our society and And I threw myself into the worst of it so I could learn how to fix it.

But I won't fix it within it. So, within these systems, within the areas like these, because I can learn. I learn from them. And why do they do stuff like this?

and I bet you someone stole something from someone else and that's how these things usually form so we gotta really ask what's wrong with us this is our collective psychology and this is what we do on a day to day basis and I'm here in the heart of Australia ever since I've been here I've been contacting legislators and the PM um trying to figure out how I can help uh and guess what they ignore me but they're ignoring someone who's dedicated their entire lives to helping people uh and and has a lot of insight to bring about how to do it so uh watch watch what you're supporting because uh your current media system has uh created this um so so good job good job and and it was you uh because you're the one that sits around and let this happen you go that's just life that's just life well uh no no that's not life uh you want to see what life is look at my work so i made a sign and uh i just walked around there I just walked around and around and around maybe did about 40 laps but uh everybody was really really mean to me and and it's funny because that's what I do best is I fight the absurd I'll and and the cops threatened me to take me to jail so I I put my wrist out there to them and told them to do it not threaten me and they wouldn't do it they wouldn't do it even though they so wanted to but this is our hearts and this is our society that take takes a message like this and and is extremely cruel to people so what I tell you to do is always think with your heart and and whenever people make fun of you for this or whenever people are mean and cruel to you for this then you know you're doing the right thing because if enough people do this then And guess what, all of our problems will be fixed. But I will be leaving this place and going back permanently into the bush. But I'm going to probably also be leaving Canberra if I can't get a place soon. And I'll go wherever my feet take me because people are starting to know who I am around here and eventually that's going to have some consequences.

And you see, from tragedy, we always come closer as human brothers and sisters, and we come together to have deep and meaningful conversations about our own human existence and our own life within that human existence. And if I wasn't out there, then I would have shown you the group that were coming around having deep and meaningful conversations about life and death and the people we lost in our life from horrible tragedies. And we connect our souls in this manner and we always unite from tragedies and that's what's going to happen because divine tragedy is showing you exactly how that can happen and how it can change our entire human existence as a result.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



Movies-Every-Noble-Vision-Ends-with-Fireworks

every noble vision ends with fireworks January 1st 2013 I sit here on the floor in the very early morning shortly after the final fireworks show in the heart of Australia and I reflect over the day and the multiple sources that have censored me in such a short period of time. I think about free speech and how our collective psychology suppresses it in order to retain its populace to continue their mediocre but profitable lifestyles. I then think about all of my work over the year that, if listened to, can truly change the world. I think about the countless people over the year that have read my words but refuse to examine the productions behind those words.

I contemplate the countless forms of media that I have distributed that have been persecuted without examination. I think about all of the people and collective organizations that have overlooked my work because I am not in mainstream media, and I consider all of those who have intentionally neglected to find wisdom in the places where it originates from. This letter to all of my dear fellow human brothers and sisters will be the most personal one out of all of my works. It is addressed to you.

It will remain unconcerned with all aspects of what we consider scholarly work. It will be disconnected from all of my previous work, despite it ultimately carrying the same message. It comes from the soul of one individual who spends their life attempting to help all of us become better people. It will attempt to break away from my methods of artistic portrayal.

It will attempt to be the most personal letter that I have ever written. The heart of my mission is now complete, and now it is time for my own to deeply connect with your own. No matter what political persuasion that you have chosen in life, this letter will stand relevant. There are countless topics within our psychology that we are too afraid to deal with.

But the thing is, my friend, is that these deep topics are the ones that can secure our place in heaven. And I know many of you shirk such speech, but I hope to teach you how to decipher non-literal interpretations within our complex psychology. My own fireworks have already come and gone, and now it is time to question what those fireworks truly mean. I have just finished writing a letter to my fellow actors about the significance of the media that we deem acceptable in society. And now my time comes to speak to society.

I want you to know that I truly care about you and your life. And throughout my journeys around the world, I have clearly found that most people do not realize the importance of this topic, but now that you are here, none of you have any excuses. I am a weird guy who travels the world searching for weird people, because I really like people who do not conform to our collective understandings. They spark an interest in my brain and I desire to truly understand why they are the way that they are.

But these people are few and far between, and many of them have taken their eccentric behavior and employed them in an unhealthy manner. But seeking for odd people alienates me from society, because I am one of them as a result of my social circumstances. The result is people not desiring to be involved within my life. Because my life does not correspond to something immediately understood. I am

not American to Americans. I am not Australian to Australians. But what am I? Over a nomadic life, the question, where are you from, haunts me, and I become extremely defensive when I hear this.

For I am a world citizen, and if people are unable to accept this, then I become someone not understood, and as a result, overlooked. I am extremely poor. I am unable to obtain a job because of the odd person that I am. I have applied for over 10,000 jobs in my lifetime.

I am supported by the government and they do not give me enough to live. I end up homeless, needing to rely on handouts in order to survive. The government openly tells me that my compensation is not intended to support a life, but only assist with it. They tell me as a student that they expect family to assist with my expenditures. They tell me as one unemployed that the compensation is

only meant as an expenditure to assist me for a short while until I find my next job. But what does this mean if employment is refused as a result of of diversity, I will tell you exactly what it means. It means that I sometimes starve. It means that I go without cigarettes when I am addicted to them.

It means that each and every paycheck I get further into debt. It means that a life like mine becomes a living nightmare. It means that someone like me stays homeless for years without anyone noticing. But I could not accept this.

My education was, for the most part, paid for by the government. To repay them, I gave it all to those who allowed me to become the person that I am. Not being employment material, I then decided to demonstrate to the world what the education that I received truly means. I then started the most difficult journey of my life to prove how valuable people like me truly are.

I created a system that can save the world. I demonstrated our problems that could not only save the world, but also each and every one of us. I sacrificed myself for the future of our human existence. My heart goes out to all of those who struggle in life.

It belongs to those who act like they are happy, but each and every day come back to the realization of an unfulfilled life. It belongs to those who know that they are not where they should be. It is given to those who look at our world and their position in it and feel out of place. The owners of it are those who contemplate on fairytale stories, and wonder why their own lives do not reflect these stories.

It is dedicated to those who feel that our own existence is fake. It belongs to those who wish they lived in another time or place. It is the possession of those who hate their 9 to 5 jobs, and wish society would only change to suit their own psychological makeup. It is to those who have deemed technology as a measure to escape our reality.

It is to those who imagine a dirt road in which no electrical wires are buried underneath. It is to those who prefer walking over running. I have made my intentions very clear throughout my past work, but I will now tell you my New Year's resolution. Last year was to practically apply all of the theory that I have learned over the years, and I did exactly that with my work.

I explained to you all of the theory while also practically demonstrating that theory. Every noble vision always ends with fireworks. But most of the theory is now covered, and now I am questioned as to my future direction. The first part of my life was learning theory.

2012 came along and demanded me to explain the theory, and how to put that theory into practice. And now I must come to grips with my future. And I always follow trails and this leads me to entirely invest myself to its practical application. 2013 will be invested into activism.

I will stand at the front of our government legislators with a sign demanding help or right to die. I will fight with every breath of mind for legislation of assisted suicide if the government refuses to rectify the problems that its people experience. And if I win, I will happily step in that gas chamber as an example to the world of the government's shortcomings. I will be contacting government official after government official about our current practices and how they ultimately cause our oppression.

I will refuse to look for work, and if I must again live without money, then so be it. I will develop the new open source republic and help educate people as to what this party is all about. I will continue to promote my work, not only around the world, but also locally. I will continue seeking for my other half, no matter how controversial this is.

And if I find her, then I will not allow persecution to defer my stance on the situation. If I find the heart that is mine, then I will claim it for my own even if she is very young. If I end up locked up, then I will defer my non-violent behavior. In this scenario, then I will be the warrior that I am, and will make it very clear to every individual around me that I am crazy and could care less about my life.

If I continue being homeless while the government ignores my cries for housing, then I will take action, but I will not reveal what action that I will take. In a similar manner, if you do not open source education, then I will also take action that will not be disclosed until it happens. I am serious about freeing education for our children, and if this does not happen, then then I will do whatever needs to be done to accomplish this task. I do not care about your input because your collective understandings have raised you.

And in most cases, you are the problem. I will take whatever measures necessary to dominate your rule in order to obtain the hearts of your children. I will stand in the middle of the heart with signs that demand us to free education. And if you refuse to listen to me, then it does not matter, for that will be included in my productions to demonstrate your ignorance.

Yes, I will continue to create documentaries about how stupid society has made you. I will continue to search for people who are driven to stand as a model for the systems that I propose. And I will attempt to find investors who would be interested in making this happen. I will travel around the ACT creating movies for my Galatia.

And even though I want to travel around the deep bush to do this, I currently think that the heart. Canberra is the best place to do this as it will continue to demonstrate the heart of Australia for its disgusting qualities. Ok you see my battery on this laptop is dying and it's not charging you can see there and And the charger is plugged in. This is the spare charger I have and I got it plugged in working.

The original charger doesn't work at all. Sometimes this will charge but it doesn't charge for very long. This battery is about to die completely. But this is the only computer that reads the SD card in this camera.

So this is the last footage, we're down to like 6 or 7% and we need to get this footage over so I can do my salvation. But this still doesn't account for ACT Honor Walk which is going to be the last production so we got to see how we're going to get that but that's what's happening and then that's It's going to be produced here from Sony Vegas tonight and as you see we have My Salvation there and it's audio so we gotta try to make this long journey as quick as possible and I'm hoping I can do around the 17 to 20 mark, 20 minute mark because I want it to be a short because there's a lot of competitions that I can put this in and I think it could help a lot of people but we gotta remember that this is just one of many productions and and I always think my productions are are super awesome and every time I and I always think that it's better than all the other productions of I've done but but then I look back at my other productions and I And I can't say that. I have to say that my work is, all of my work is good.

But definitely I do refine. I do refine as an artist. And my productions get more and more stylized, I guess, towards me and how I am as a person. And over time, by me keep on doing this in a way that's not normal, but I keep doing it and people that watch more than one production, they'll start to realize the style and then we can share those sort of styles and try to learn different styles to portray different types of meaning in the world and if we all do this or if everybody that can do this, does this, then we'll see a revolution.

Because you can make your life very interesting, and that's what I've done. I've spent a lot of time making my life very interesting, so hopefully it would be receptive to the public because the public, they like all these weird fiction stories, so I'm giving you a real one. And this one can help us show true meaning in the world. um if we only learn to open our ears is it gonna do it that's the question it always does it always does everything always turns out how it needs to turn out and if i have problems doing act honor walk then uh it's still gonna turn out awesome because i'm gonna figure out a way to do it no oh terrible okay well maybe most of the videos that i needed got over so we'll see how it goes and if you see uh this thing's screwed but uh i always get everything that i need

and thus you see dear ivory that everything always lines up exactly where it needs to be

i will continue to submit my films into relevant festivals around the world with the little money that I have spare. But ultimately, I will deconstruct your society in order to show you how terrible it is. And if I die in the process, then so be it. Because my friends, my next tattoo is eudaimonia. And any of you that know how seriously that I take my tattoos will understand

what this means, and I speak these final words into stone. Give me liberty or give me death. With heart, Wendell Charles NeSmith



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



Movies-Foxes-Have-Holes

How is one to be the voice of the homeless? I was homeless for three years. I only recently got out of homelessness.

Let's do an experiment.

Let's say that tonight I get kicked out of the house by my roommate. So that means I'm homeless tonight. I live in Ipswich, which is in Queensland. Tomorrow, I'll find out what services can help me.

Let's see where the government sends us. First up, if I don't have any family and friends who will store all of my stuff, it becomes forfeit. Unless I have a car that I can store it in. But that won't store big things now, will it?

Goodbye, bed. It will be a long time before I ever have another of my own. After hours on the phone, this boarding house was the only one that had a room spare. And thanks to the Queensland government, it provides a once-only grant of two weeks rent to help you pay for the cost of moving into private rental accommodation.

This accommodation is private and it's not a not-for-profit.

It's a boarding house with lots of rooms and shared amenities because the best way to recover is to put all the homeless people together.

People become homeless because their family and friendships have broken down. Otherwise, they would have a place to stay. homeless people need an outreach service in which they can meet up once or twice a week and communicate their goals and future plans to enhance the conditions of their current lifestyle they need accountability in which they have lost from their family and friendships breaking down in Ipswich they only have this service if you stay at the boarding house. So in Ipswich when you become homeless you can either live in a boarding house or a caravan park in which you could live in a caravan or a tent. Living in a boarding house means

that you have to get along with a lot of people and more often than not some of them are aggressive and violent there's also a lot of drugs that go around but if I live in a caravan park or even the wilderness I pass up the opportunity to have an outreach service fortunately within Australia between Monday to Friday, lack of food is rarely an issue. So tonight I would be in a boarding house in a small room. This is where my homeless journeys would begin because that is still being homeless. About half the people that I spoke to on the phone were rude to me the next step is to find a home but one that is unemployed cannot rent a loan they can't afford it so if I had a friend then here's what I could do I could get a bond loan a rental grant which would give me two weeks rent in advance. But even after three years of homelessness, I still have no idea what

one would do without a friend. I could always go here and find a sharehouse, but this also means that you have to get along with other people, and people that are homeless, they oftentimes lack the ability to get along with other people. I could be put on a waiting list with the Department of Housing to receive a small one to two bedroom unit. And that would be a loan, and that would also be ideal.

But that would take generally between five to ten years. But does that really help anyone?

Homeless services should be geared for recovery.

Within five years, I want to have a job. For me specifically, that would be helping the homeless.

The problem doesn't lie with the homeless.

It lies with society.

Society is geared for families. And for those who have fallen out of their prams, get the short end of the stick.

Why is it so difficult? for those who are alone in this life to live alone.

I will tell you why. Because this is what it's all about.

Who withhold land in order to increase profits.

Who regulate how you can use that land.

Who is the problem?

What good is social services without a recovery model, without a heart, and without social reform.

What good is social services without those in charge? Having lived experience.

Homeless people do not need sympathy.

They need empathy. They need a government that is dedicated to resolving homelessness, not fueling it. Rounding up all the homeless people and putting them together, one, does not resolve homelessness, and two, does not provide safety and security, which is a basic human right. Ye lonesome ones of today, ye seceding ones, ye shall one day be a people.

Out of you who have chosen yourselves shall a chosen people arise, and out of it, the Superman. Who do you think coined that term? I have traveled around Australia extensively while being homeless, and every city is the same. A long history of homelessness.

It's everywhere. I even interviewed our chief minister, Katie Gallagher, and a social worker from Centrelink about homelessness in this TV show I made.

But no one cares because of the stigmas attached to homeless people.

That's called labeling theory. Their voices are muffled because many of them lack the ability to articulate, but not all of them.

But be prepared because those who do will be.

But a dog with a bone will not be silenced so easily. But the only way that we will ever resolve these issues is if you intervene.

Will you join me? Help me make the world a better place.

How can we be healthy if we are not given a place to heal?

Foxes have holes and birds of the air have nests. But the Son of Man has nowhere to lay his head.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



Movies-Help-Your-People-OR-Legalise-Assisted-Suicide

This place tried to commit me for talking about suicide. And then they just tried to chase me down to stop me from doing this. And then I arrive at my destination, which I will not leave until they get me a place. And then they quickly skipped me ahead of the line and took me into the interview room and they're trying to sort me out now, But they don't have any houses available so I'm just gonna stand out here preaching this message to everybody that walks by and they know I'm here so I'm not going anywhere and I'll come back tomorrow and maybe I'll sleep here a few nights too so let's see where that goes.

This is how you change the world. Getting a lot of tension, a lot of people talking about me protesting. right there and communicating with all the people like 80 or 90 percent of them look so here we got that we got that I'll leave that there and I'm gonna take that I was told I need a better sign it's probably true especially standing out what people are driving suicides all big let's see if it catches their eye lots of support lots of honks lots of thumbs up lots of waves I went to the shopping center to get a drink and I heard people like a whole bunch of people talking about me but there are the protester on the street so I'm teaching not only how I can get what I need to live a healthy lifestyle but I'm teaching each and every one of you what you need to do to fix our screwed up systems and and if even a small portion of the population does this uh then we'll see the revolution that i'm talking about and look this guy right there yeah he's no help he's no help he's the one that uh he's the one that that screws us up um but but the thing is is he's only following the systems they're only following the systems uh it's these systems that no one controls that we need to fix we need to get back human control over the systems that we have let dominate us 12 cops man they don't like me they don't like me but they're getting like a lot of response like probably 10 or 20 percent of people are responding positive to the positively to it but but they they moved me on and they refused to lock me up and the question was one or the other one or the other lock me up or freaking leave and I told them that straight cops hate me they're so freaking scared of me uh yeah so now I'm gonna go to a different intersection and maybe they'll join me again and we'll keep doing this process until they freaking listen and that is the end of this divine tragedy for today but I will be back on Monday and I am currently in the conceptual stages of Divine Tragedy's next film, Living Neverland. This is for you, dear children.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



Movies-Homeless-Love

My name is Wendell Charles NeSmith. I am homeless. Welcome to the birthing pains of Education Reformation. Don't mistake the gym you see in front of you as a mere rock, for you may never get the opportunity again, and your mistakes will leave the gym isolated, alienated, and unappreciated.

My belly is as empty as their soles. But here you are, pondering outside your systems, in the wilderness of life. Have you seen my merry men? Are you one of them?

What will you do with the given? The answer to this question will determine if one is, or is not, able to save their soul. I weep because your hearts are locked, and I have no keys. but i await the day where we look at people like me as gems as people that can care that we can care about that we can open our doors to that we can open our minds to that we can open our hearts to for people like me will always exist people like me will always remain hidden and confined by the limits of society. People like me will always be misjudged. Will you be one of those

people who misjudge? To fix the world, we must first fix our minds. To fix our minds, we must first fix our hearts. Now it is your turn to assess your own responsibilities. I

wish you luck and will be right by your side if you ever need me. This is my life. Please do look at the background conditions before making your judgments. Instead of facing the ground, man was made upright to stare into the stars. Welcome to Open Source University.

may we both live a meaningful life osuni.org welcome to the peaceful revolution



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



Movies-How-to-Change-the-World

How to change the world. 16 October 2012. Who am I? What does this question entail?

Who is the person that we are? How would one go about answering such a question? Are we the person person that we know ourselves to be? Are we merely how we appear to other people? What necessitates

a person? My name is Wendell Charles NeSmith, and I am the world's greatest philosopher.

I encourage you to debunk me about this fact with grounded evidence, and I will carefully consider your opinion. I am a modern day sage who has invested his entire life, including childhood, within the field of love. I suffer from delayed sleep phase disorder, and this causes me to usually only get about two hours sleep per night, but often I will skip sleeps. Even as a child I was a philosopher because I would lay in bed unable to turn off my brain, and as a result I carefully ruminate over the important questions in life.

I have something in me that is always trying to get out. I literally feel pushing against both my heart and my mind. It keeps me wired and I become highly aware of all of these small increments of time that could potentially be utilized. I am then presented with the most ethically relevant question known to all of human existence.

What am I going to do with the given? Time. It is such an abstract concept, yet our collective consciousness asserts it as tangible. We claim it as a social axiom, and if one questions it, they are thrown into a psychiatric ward.

Anything that does not conform to our social preconceptions is deemed as unimportant, and those who challenge this conception are outcasts from our society.

For the majority of the last three years, I have been homeless. I currently live in crisis accommodation. I ended up this way because of poor social circumstances.

And when one becomes homeless, society makes it very difficult to enter back into the home life. Homeless people are the scum of society. I could not even obtain friends because people do not want to be friends with a homeless person. As a result, over the last two years, I have been institutionalized twice.

Each time they would attempt to indoctrinate me about how I was supposed to act, and attempting to live a virtuous life is not an acceptable way to direct oneself within our society. I was medicated against my will with chemicals that made me feel terrible. I was treated less than human, and when I refused to take the medications, they would employ a group of heavy-built guys to hold down my limp body while injecting my buttocks with their evil serum. I was never violent.

I was always loving. But I did not understand reality in the same way that they did. So they did everything that they could to rectify that. I am suicidal.

And each step, I kept telling them why. For I do not have people in my life who love me. And I am an extremely emotional person, but they had no love to offer me. And each and every day I live without love, but always searching.

And then we wonder why on earth people would want to commit suicide. How are we able to truly help anybody if we overlook the core of the problems, even when they are thrown in our faces? I study reality, and just because I do not understand it like everybody else only means that I actually have something to say that you should consider. My entire life has been studying this conception.

I am who I am for a reason. I am performing the destiny that was forced upon me. For I am smarter than you all, exactly because of the life that I have lived. And if you want to debunk me on this fact, then I also encourage you to do that.

And maybe if enough people do this with logical and researched arguments, then we might one One day collectively become smart enough to take care of our own. The core of who I am is my heart. I follow it through the valley of the shadow of death every day. All of this is to find love.

Everything that I am doing is to find people that really care about this world and the people in it. I spend all of these conscious seconds that are placed before me searching for people and I have done this my entire life, but finding people that have hearts and minds and would love an eccentric genius is not an easy task. So I travel the globe and utilize the internet to broadcast to the world who I am and teach while doing it. I create structures online that will attract the types of people who I want to be friends with.

And hidden all throughout my work is so many clues that will give you more and more insight about all of this. I endure the strict formations of our systems that keep me away from them. People do not consider employing me because I am weird. I like being weird.

I spend my life attempting to find cracks and holes within our rigid systems, ultimately to try and find a place in society for myself where I would be welcomed with loving and open arms. I long for the day that the right eyes will see my work. I daydream about my dream girl coming across me, and clicking one video after another with excitement in her heart. I am the most romantic person in the world, and I also encourage you to debunk me on this fact, for all of my work is ultimately to find my reflection.

And the process of love ends with all of humanity, and if it did not, then it would not be love. I spend my life sending emails looking for people who can open doors for me, and as a result, then I would be able to return the favor. But this never happens. There are only walls.

So I build tools to tear down those walls myself. This causes me to learn how to do almost everything extremely well, because I have no one in my life to rely on except myself. This enables me to achieve anything socially considered as impossible for one person. And ultimately I do not care, because I am suicidal. And

a suicidal soul is the most powerful type of person in the world, for one will never win against them, even if all of society is taking them on. For I win no matter what I do, and I win no matter what you do. We as a society have a huge ethical dilemma. I am who I am, and I am not changing.

And to keep me at distance from everything that I am passionate about is not a healthy approach to sustain a civilization. To make it impossible for me to live a healthy lifestyle is only contributing to my suicidal thoughts. For my entire life, I have given everything that I have within me to all of society for free and as a result, I am mistreated. I attempt to find ways to help the world without being in your systems, because your systems do not allow me in them.

I create solutions to get around problems, and time and time again, my innovation is deemed as insanity. But the insanity is our collective consciousness, and I have dedicated my life to heal it. I am the doctor of its heart. And if you know of anyone better for that position, then I would like to know who.

Look at what I am saying here. There is a huge problem with our collective psychology that we need to immediately rectify. Like stated previously, I have spent my life searching for loving hearts and minds. And after 28 sleepless years, I am still alone.

Does this not set off any alarm bells for you? I find many minds, but they have no practical application because a heart is what provides that. And I find hearts, but their practical application is very limited without the minds to understand how to most effectively employ systems, but I never find both. How can I do what I am best at and be able to feed my belly at the same time?

Because over the years none of you have allowed me to do this, and I am talking to you because it is each individual that contributes to this collective sickness. I end up starving time and time again, but my fingers always make their way back to the keyboard to continue to help you. Because you see, I am suicidal and ultimately would love to die of starvation, because it is you that has not allowed me to obtain my daily bread. I am a problem solver and do not invest myself into short-term solutions.

And the entire problem with our society is our hearts. I came to the heart of Australia to repair the core of the problem in hopes to enable the conditions necessary to raise the dead. And our current human civilization is dead, for it has been a long time since blood has flown through its veins. And I am achieving all that I say because you cannot win against a suicidal person.

And if you are against me, then I recommend that you get out of the way or be slain by the world's most powerful sword, love. You see, I have spent my entire life learning how to use this sword, and am an expert with its employment. Throughout my entire life, I have struggled with my ego, because I exist on a much more complicated realm than everybody that I interact with. And this causes me to know that what I am saying is important.

I live in the same world that you do, and how often do you come across productions with meaning as significant as this? Look at any piece of any work of mine, and then slice it up and find the hidden meanings behind those meanings. You can even slice up the meanings behind those meanings, if you want, because those meanings also possess meanings. All of my work is much more advanced than anything that I have ever experienced.

And I have studied both meaning and experience my entire lifetime. So if you overlook my productions, then you are rejecting the most meaningful content known to our entire human existence. And we will all suffer the consequences of our actions. I have provided you with the most beautiful puzzle in the world, but it comes in a box and you need to spend the time taking it out and putting it together.

You might persecute me for saying all of this, but look at the fruits of my labor, for fruits always represent their origin. And then ask yourself what you have made your life mean. Ask yourself what you have truly done for your environment, and whether or not you even have the right to open your mouth against me. For my entire life is dedicated to you, and it is likely that your entire life is also dedicated to you.

So before you decide to expose the blackness in your own heart by persecuting what is not understood, first ask yourself the question of who is truly helping society. For your paycheck is meaningless to me without love backing it up. And I suffer each and every day as a result of my dedication to help us all become better people. And it is likely that you suffer every day because you are selfish and cruel.

I want to help you get better. And as long as I do not end my own life, then over time, you will.

This is because I am reverse brainwashing all of society. And I am very good at what I do.

How can one individual change the world? I have just shown you. Will you join me?



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



Movies-How-to-Record-and-Produce-Audio

Hi, my name is Wendell Charles NeSmith, and we're going to learn how to record and produce audio using a free and open source application called Audacity. For teachers, I recommend recording with a standalone device, such as this one, or investing into a high quality microphone for your computer. Audacity supports recording directly from the application. To begin recording, press the record button, but don't start speaking until after three seconds.

This enables us to later remove room noise from the recording. Audio is the most efficient way to reach your students as it allows them to be portable.

This line is a mistake that we will later delete. An audio file gives your students the flexibility of immersing themselves in your content, whether at home or on the go. Audio is the best medium for students as it enables them to study around and within their own busy life schedules. Teachers should be including audio files on the internet for their students.

Select the first three seconds.

Go to Effect Noise Reduction.

Click on Get Noise Profile.

Select the whole audio file using Ctrl-A. Go to Effect, Noise Reduction, and click OK.

This minimizes the room noise throughout the audio file.

Listen to the audio file using play or space. Audio, most efficient way, is a mistake. If there is too much noise between a segment, select the area required and click Generate Silence. OK.

Leave a second or two at the end of your clip, but remove the last bit of it. Select your entire clip and go to Effect and then Compressor. Use these values. These are best for spoken word audio and not music, so you would have to use different values if you were recording music.

Once that is done, go to Effect and then go to Normalize. Normalize at this decibels. Go to File, Export, Export as MP3. Export it using 192kbps.

Use these values as it makes identifying your audio file very easy. Upload and then embed it in your website using this code. Using Lewa, add your video files that you have recorded. Use these settings.

Ensure merge into one file is selected. Start conversion.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



Movies-I-Vow-Our-Righteous-Youth

I vow our righteous youth, December 20th, 2012.

Throughout my entire life, many people have questioned who my audience is. Naturally, I always respond with everybody.

Most people laughed at me for this response, and then told me that I would never obtain an audience unless I produced material for specific types of people.

I always object and explain to them that the topics that I cover are relevant to all of human existence. But over many years, I learned very well that topics of wisdom are extremely difficult to make receptive to anyone. My enemy became popular culture the more I learned about collective psychology, propaganda, and how our current cultural practices utilize these techniques to create an unthinking but obedient populace. As a response, I spent my life tweaking techniques that did not conform to the social norm in attempts to pry the masses away from forms of media that provide little or no benefit to the character or abilities of the viewer.

And over a long period of time, examining statistical data from my own productions, I learned that I was required to find a niche audience in order to accomplish my task, to become receptive to the entire public. But what type of audience should I target that would ultimately accomplish my task to reach all of humanity?

Over my entire life, I obsessed over this question. And all the while, I also obsessed over my perfect conception of a woman.

But unfortunately, the latter was off limits to me. as a result of our current cultural enframement.

I thus gave everything to the former and eventually became receptive to many. But most of those who I was receptive to were only interested in my odd actions and rarely the content behind those actions. I became a sideshow for many, but I never found the fans that I desired because I wanted to hold hands with those who truly cared about saving the world and had the hearts and minds to do it with me. And each step of the way, I demonstrated how we could do it together.

But even though each and every day my popularity grows, I never find my companions.

But throughout this time, my perfect conception of a woman haunted my mind. But I buried her deep within my psychology because such pursuits were unheard of by society. I thought there was something wrong with me, and I repressed her image deep within my mind. But the more that I learned, the more that I realized that I was not mentally ill.

I was in fact the healthiest of them all. But the world was only ignorant about these subjects, and as a result, they responded to these topics with malice. and eventually my work led me to open up more and more about my psychology until one day, I released everything. The combination from being mistreated in a marriage, being attracted to young females, and learning very well about the negative manifestations that sexually orientated people experience resulted me in losing most of my sexuality.

Over the years, I became asexual, or more specifically, demisexual, which is a romantic asexual. But even though I buried my sexuality, my attraction to innocence only evolved.

I could not get innocent girls out of my head no matter what I did. The obsession of an emotional and intellectual romance with the one with the biggest heart in the world took me over no matter how hard I fought against it. And over time, I learned the topic of pedophilia very well, not only from studies, but also experience. I learned very well how our collective psychology assumes that a pedophile is one who rapes children, when in fact, nothing could be further from the truth.

For when one truly loves children, hurting them is not even an option. In fact, a true pedophile will protect them. But all throughout my vast journeys around the world, I found countless people who would speak such horrible things about pedophiles. Many would even claim to me that if one was in front of them right now, that they would murder them on the spot.

But I kept my mouth shut because in fact, there was one right in front of them. But I also learned very well that pedophilia is much more common than most people think. And often times I knew even some of those who desired to murder all pedophiles to secretly be one of them.

My search around the world for a woman of purity failed. Every day I meet new people because this is the lifestyle that I have created for myself. But I could not find a single woman who was worthy of me. Topics of wisdom seem to only be considered important within ancient philosophy.

So my heart appointed the love of wisdom as my queen. The result created a conception that acted as my reflection which did not exist within the world and I obsessed over my imagined creation. But the more I fell in love with this sculpture the more I desired her to breathe. And losing everything in my life that I cared about led me to put my life on the line to actualize all of my heart's desires, or die trying.

For I win no matter what happens.

I come from a huge family, and I have many siblings. I watch them grow from beautiful, innocent children into malicious, destructive, and self-centered adults as a result of extremely poor parenting. And then my journeys around the world show me family after family in which the same process again occurs.

And it makes me so sad. But what can I do to fix this destructive practice that our greedy culture encourages? How can I break the cycle for all of humanity. How can I utilize my own unique psychology to obtain my desired audience of everyone? The more I understood my own psychology, the more I was able to manipulate it

to find my niche audience, young females. And as a result, parents will be required to examine my work to assess its content. They will then be required to make an ethical decision whether or not they deem the material appropriate for their children. And those who make the one and only wise decision will be the best parents possible to encourage their children to direct their lives towards wisdom and over time the margin of girls that fall in love with wisdom will set a new standard for females and if males want any chance with such golden females then they too will be required to direct themselves towards wisdom and the girls that I train to be real women will grow into the new rulers of both men and man if boys refuse to strive for noble ideals.

If I could only connect with my fellow human brothers and sisters like I do my animal friends. If I was only accepted within society like I am with my very distant relatives. How did I get so close to them, but stay so distant from those who share my biological makeup? But you see, it took much time for my animal friends to accept me.

I had to learn how to comport my body, mind, and spirit within their presence. and eventually they became just as interested in me as I was them and even though they would shiver with their nose stuck in the ground I would always patiently wait around for them to get used to my presence and when they learn that I truly love them they will always come out of their prison and bask in the love that I have to give them. And as a result, both of us become better creatures.

Because you see, I have no hate in my heart, for I have spent my life eradicating it. I love all of creation, and it always ends up loving me. and you can track back my character throughout my life and see for yourself who I am because my heart is proudly presented for the entire world to embrace if they so choose and those who do this will receive everything that I have within me for the rest of my life Because I am here to show you all that love is the answer to all of our problems. And if we have lost the capacity to learn how to best love everybody, then we have also lost the potential to continue our human existence.

Because you see, love is a sword. and those who reject it will be facing its blade. For I have now drawn the line in the sand for each and every one of you to understand. And it is now your choice what side you will stand on.

Today is December 20th, 2012, and tomorrow is the end of the world. The question that I ask each and every one of you is whether or not we will leave it at that. For we have an option here to change absolutely everything within our world. We can split time and obtain our utopian society if you only support open source education.

And I have the rest of my life, however long that may be, to make this happen. And just remember, before you make ignorant judgments, I never turn back. One day will become two, and at noon tomorrow, Ivory Heart will be released to the entire internet-enabled world. And this movie clearly shows each and every person how we can go beyond all of our problems.

And the choice that you make for or against this evolution will determine whether or not the world will truly end.

Maybe education is not free today, but tomorrow is always another day. and we will choose whether or not humanity will stand the test of time. This is your warning. This is your wake-up call.

God has sent me down here to deliver this message to you and I tell you very clearly that we will all pay for the consequences for our actions For it is our actions that will create the heaven or hell that we exist within.

Now choose wisely, because I am the first step of your own personal judgment day. And we make the walk. We start walking the walk, not just talking the walk. We start standing up to who we are as people.

and we learn to accept and understand each other's differences and teach each other in a loving manner that has the student's interest in mind. And our systems, our current systems, don't do that at all. They do not care about who the child or even young adult is. They gear them in a certain way and then we become children and we must walk away as we always have to because that is the ways of society and people like me.

come across the flag half-mast for this is a sign of distress it is also a sign of respect it is a sign of the invisible flag that could be us that we are that we could become and it will also be to respect those in our past who help make it better for all of us this day of remembrance don't you forget for this idea my dear friends can change the world and I tell you they won't listen the government won't listen you go to them with a life mission you go to them with a life mission and and tell them that you're not happy with what they're doing and you want to help change it they won't listen to you you have to conform to their systems and if you don't conform to their systems and you get in trouble but first we must look at background conditions more children to stay away from that's my life and I walk down to the other side as far away from them as I possibly can and we see our objective for humanity in a different light but the maze of life is not always easy for there are things that we must always stay away from and we must take bridges away from things we desire in in order to remain a healthy person. And we follow our shadow while pushing our boulder up our mountain with our dreams always in sight. For we protect them from afar. We are night angels.

And then we come across the ultimate question, and that is whether we can all learn to get along together. We will see.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



Movies-M2U03142_0_0

YOU ARE A WICKED PEOPLE, AND I WILL DESTROY YOU IF YOU DON'T STOP! YOU ARE A WICKED PEOPLE AND I WILL DESTROY YOU IF YOU DON'T STOP YOU ARE A WICKED PEOPLE AND I WILL DESTROY YOU IF YOU DON'T STOP IF YOU DON'T STOP YOU ARE A WICKED PEOPLE AND I WILL DESTROY YOU IF YOU DON'T STOP YOU ARE A WICKED PEOPLE AND I WILL DESTROY YOU IF YOU DON'T STOP YOU ARE A WICKED PEOPLE AND I WILL DESTROY YOU IF YOU DON'T STOP YOU ARE A WICKED PEOPLE AND I WILL DESTROY YOU IF YOU DON'T STOP YOU ARE A WICKED PEOPLE AND I WILL DESTROY YOU IF YOU DON'T STOP You are a wicked people and I will destroy you if you don't stop!

YOU ARE A WICKED PEOPLE AND I WILL DESTROY YOU IF YOU DON'T STOP

You are a wicked people and I will destroy you if you don't stop! You are a wicked people and I will destroy you! You are a wicked people and I will destroy you if you don't stop! You are a wicked people and I will destroy you if you don't stop!

You are a wicked people and I will destroy you if you don't stop!

YOU ARE A WICKED PEOPLE AND I WILL DESTROY YOU IF YOU DON'T STOP

You are a wicked people and I will destroy you if you don't stop!

destroy you if you don't stop! You are a wicked people and I will destroy you if you don't stop! You are a wicked people and I will destroy you if you don't stop! You are a wicked people and I will destroy you if you don't stop!

You are a wicked people and I will destroy you if you don't stop! You are a wicked people and I will destroy you if you don't stop! YOU ARE A WICKED PEOPLE AND I WILL DESTROY YOU IF YOU DON'T STOP

stop you are a wicked people and I will destroy you if you don't stop you are a wicked people and I will destroy you if you don't stop You are a wicked people and I will destroy you if you don't stop! You are a wicked people and I will destroy you if you don't stop! You are a wicked people and I will destroy you if you don't stop You are a wicked people and I will destroy you if you don't stop!

You are a wicked people and I will destroy you if you don't stop! You are a wicked people and I will destroy you if you don't stop!

YOU ARE A WICKED PEOPLE AND I WILL DESTROY YOU IF YOU DON'T STOP

you are a wicked people and I will destroy you if you don't stop You are a wicked people, and I will destroy you if you don't stop! YOU ARE A WICKED PEOPLE, AND I WILL DESTROY YOU IF YOU DON'T STOP! You are a wicked people and I will destroy you if you don't stop! You are a wicked people and I will destroy you if you don't stop!

You are a wicked people and I will destroy you if you don't stop! You are a wicked people and I will destroy you if you don't stop! YOU ARE A WICKED PEOPLE AND I WILL DESTROY YOU IF YOU DON'T STOP

YOU ARE A WICKED PEOPLE AND I WILL DESTROY YOU IF YOU DON'T STOP

If you don't stop- You are a wicked people and I will destroy you if you don't stop- You are a wicked people and I will destroy you if you don't stop- You are a wicked people and I will destroy you if you don't stop- You are a wicked people and I will destroy you if you don't stop- You are a wicked people and I will destroy you if you don't stop- You are a wicked people, and I will destroy you if you don't stop! YOU ARE A WICKED PEOPLE AND I WILL DESTROY YOU IF YOU DON'T STOP

YOU ARE A WICKED PEOPLE AND I WILL DESTROY YOU IF YOU DON'T STOP YOU ARE A WICKED PEOPLE AND I WILL DESTROY YOU IF YOU DON'T STOP You are a wicked people and I will destroy you if you don't stop!

You are a wicked people and I will destroy you if you don't stop! YOU ARE A WICKED PEOPLE AND I WILL DESTROY YOU IF YOU DON'T STOP

YOU ARE A WICKED PEOPLE AND I WILL DESTROY YOU IF YOU DON'T STOP!



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



Movies-My-Salvation

It is time to restart the heart of our new nation. My Salvation, December 25, 2012 I am a man that is bound to his understood morals. My heart is burdened by all of the hate that I see in the world as a result of misunderstood diversity. Thus, I spent my life obsessed with individuality, and as a result, became a very odd guy.

But I was obsessed with the best of that individuality, and as a result of my obsession, I became the best of my individuality. But this became a journey to find others who also did the same with their own psychology. And I found that most people do not realize the potential of the equipment that God has handed them. It thus became my obligation to study it very carefully and write a manuscript on how one person can unlock all of their potential.

I manipulate my own psychology towards individuality with cause. I utilize stories that make my heart melt and manipulate my world to appear in that aspect. And over time, through the evolution of their thoughts through meaning found in the world, those stories eventually become a reality. And each story then acts as a documentary that will demonstrate the true heroes in the world in our current times, now being able to carefully reflect on the reality of the situations in our modern day world.

But this causes me to perceive the world very differently than other people, and as a result am alienated. Ultimately, I thought this was great because I could take the opportunity to demonstrate the situations to explain the problems of the world while practically experiencing their shortcomings. And over this year, I have gave my heart to all of you and been rejected by most. But the thing about all of this is that I have constructed my work and my psychology to prove everything that I am saying. And as a result, none of you

are ever able to object because my arguments are built upon solid foundations. But this This makes you uncomfortable, and as a result, you turn to persecution, most of the time because you don't understand or care to understand about background conditions. You judge too early, and as a result, this proves all of my points that I have throughout my material. And one day some of you will examine background conditions and be forced to reassess countless value judgments that your social preconceptions have incorrectly asserted.

This year I have found my salvation. made it clear from the very beginning that I was to spend it to condition the new world. But in order to do that, I had to slowly unravel my psychology in order to demonstrate to you how to assess character through the test of time. And the more this ideal deviates from your conception of how the world appears to be, It's a beautiful cycle the more you are led to question what we could make it if we only lead lives of compassion and The final question comes along it asks us What we could make it if only a small portion of the population?

spent their lives fighting the absurd Here is my ideal that I think could change the world if the rebellious but loving youth continue to rebel. But we must first check our hearts to see what our catharsis is. against all that they see horrible in the world, then eventually our society will be required to alter its structures to support their newly created lifestyles.

What if the brightest of them gave their hearts to the entire world for free? What if they studied and taught their most passionate subjects rebelling against their current education system? What if they documented their carefully thought out and entertaining message about a subject within their education system? If this happened, then we would see a revolution where the children would eventually take their education system for themselves. And this would result in everybody

learning exactly what they were most passionate about. And as the systems evolve, we would also evolve as people who are able to invest ourselves in all of our hearts desires and create systems along the way that will support its newfound structures. And when starting any revolution we need to ask ourselves what their foundations will be and love is free and we can direct our hearts towards its development by creating a pay-what-you-want product store we the people can take back our education system and by empowering children to run their own education system is fixing the problem at its core and the internet unlocks us to be able to find the most brilliant of children and empower them to create the best education that they think that they need in a way that they know can connect with their own generation and the stars would shine over time as ratings within the systems were accumulated and the few that managed to demonstrate both the theory and the practice of their topic of interest will be the best ones possible to induce this seed of wisdom into society, and we must give careful attention to these stars to enable them to be the new compassionate and loving rulers of their future society. Because these will be the people that society will elect as their representatives, as they actually have their people's interest in mind.

As a result, the vices within our political systems will evolve into virtues. Because all of their works of compassion clearly demonstrates who they are as a person and and the vision that they have for the future. And when we the people unite against current approaches, then the government is forced to listen to its people's voices and make the necessary arrangements to evolve its systems. And over time the political structures will evolve into an open source republic.

The elected candidates would be open source stars who invested their lives into very particular fields that impact a lot of people, and they will spend their lives analyzing methods that could help as many people as possible. As their work develops, they would over time develop the relationships with the most appropriate people that can help them with their works of compassion. And as a result, they would stand as a model to encourage each and every individual to live the best lives that they can find possible. Every whole is composed of individuality.

And when we look at that individuality very closely, we discover new life where we once thought none. Every creation reflects its individual image. For home is where the heart is. And this creation comes from one who has alienated himself from his work.

he utilizes his work to call out for people who would also like to manipulate their psychology in the manner that I am speaking about. All of my work acts as classified advertisements, beaconing out to the entire world, calling out for people that have the hearts and minds to do all that I am saying. And the few who will one day respond will be the new rulers of the world when they learn how to unite their voices. Because the Bard's song will live throughout many generations.

Open source education is my future. From the heart of Australia and out to the entire internet enabled world. I utilize the internet very seriously, as I am searching to start a new family that will act as the first representational model of this system, implemented into a self-sustaining community, because we must act locally before we act globally. Now let's track back where society went wrong.

And the stars who are worth it will let their feet take them wherever they need to be. And I came to the ACT to call all actors who wish to act out their own lives for free to the entire world while sustaining our environment within God's beautiful garden. I am after Athedan. I have always been after a theta.

Because it all means nothing without the model practically applied into our world. And when this model is demonstrated for its potential, we will see a revolution as the stars of the world come together to develop utopian-like community environments geared on individual similarities and differences, and eventually this would result in anyone being able to live any type of lifestyle that they wanted. We all come to find our salvation in different ways, but the ultimate question is whether or not you will come to your salvation. Jesus clearly demonstrated to us the type of lifestyle that could achieve us the Kingdom of Heaven.

And now we must only learn as a society to practically apply all of these understandings. And when we persecute new and old wisdom, we suppress the development of our species. But if there is an evolution right in front of you that could save countless lives, then what do your responsibilities become towards it? When you hold many lives within the scale of your two palms, what will be the heart of your mechanical output?

This year I saved my soul by following my destiny to its bitter end. But this does not mean that I have saved my soul. For tomorrow is always another year, and I have countless conscious seconds ahead of me where I will continue to be asked this question. But as it stands, this soul could have been no better than it currently is.

Thus, it is saved because it is the best possible outcome, given its genetics and psychology which results from its experience. It is given a memory to utilize, and the way that memory is utilized will determine its outcome. And when one learns how to utilize that memory around their own individuality, their environment adapts around them and them not around their environment. I will be investing my life in creating a community of philosophers truly geared towards the love of wisdom. And if we make the

right connections, then we can build not only free education for our current and future education systems, but also begin the chain reaction that will one day achieve us a utopian society. And maybe there is only one member of the open source republic right now. But you see, dear Ivory, my next tattoo is Euda Mania. Please society, accept me as your humble servant.

And remember that it was today that a great image was born, and respect our past and everything that it taught us, and we will never forget the philosopher kings. And even though we must follow the path of a star through the lives of both shepherds and wise men, if we do this, we will always find our salvation locked in the heart of an innocent child of royalty.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



Movies-Open-Source-Australian-National-University-Hancock-Library





════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



Movies-Philosophy-Is-Life

Through no choice of our own, we are brought into a gorgeous world and ask one question. What are we to do with the given?

Each conscious second, we are required to make choices that can make or break a life.

We make decisions on how we are to comport our bodies. Each day we make choices regarding our diet.

How are we to survive? We make choices about what we are to purchase and are required to place a value on the dollar. This value that we place will affect our life decisions and we will either rule over money or let it rule over us. We must decide how we are to love one another and this will determine how others love us.

We choose how we are to dispose of or recycle our rubbish. We must decide how we are to obtain fuel and what fuel we are to utilize. We must make many choices on how we are to treat our fellow human sufferer. We make judgments as to how we are to treat our bodies.

We must make choices as to how we are to treat the earth that sustains our life. We decide what work that we will immerse our lives in. We decide where to live and what company to keep. Don't you see?

Philosophy is life. Human purpose is to surpass, to transcend itself. Human purpose is the superman. Countless people in my life have banned me from talking about philosophy with them.

How we live our life and what we are to do with what we are given is something that has become taboo. Let us take back our inheritance. Let us live the ubermensch. These topics feel extremely cumbersome, but when we learn these topics, we find that they're not as bad as what we once thought.

It is each conscious second that we make these decisions. Every conscious second is a new beginning, a new you. How are you going to live your life?



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



Movies-RIP-Open-Source-Heart-of-TV

The following content is rated H, for human. It will contain many disturbing truths in life, but at the end of the day, is here for your own good. Any and every human should be exposed to the content portrayed in this memorial. For we should all be exposed to the world we actually live in.

H. Viewer discretion required.

May contain human characteristics.

R.I.P. Open Source Heart of TV.

6th October 2012 This morning I paid my condolences to my forefather Nietzsche, publicly on the internet, but later in the day I came to learn that my good friend Emma, from way back, had committed suicide.

Emma.

Emma was such a sweet girl. She was a little bit loopy in the head, in a good way, and her heart was so sweet. In fact, one of the sweetest that I have ever found in my long journeys around the world. She had a husband and two children.

This knowledge cast my mind into the depths of interpretation of the past, And I came to quickly understand the pain that she felt, because I too feel it every day. And I spend my life teaching people the reasons why people would want to commit suicide.

And this is in attempts to improve the conditions for everybody to be able to access the facilities that they need to become successful and joyful people in life. because our society does not do this.

And I can explain all of this to you in my second philosophy course My Reflected Death. I have entirely invested this year to work off the framework of the Mayan calendar end date because I am convinced that after the world ends we will restart from our current Iron Age into a new Golden Age with the trending of open source education and entertainment. And although the structures for a model teacher, university and channel are set up, I must find a way to promote this channel. Divine Tragedy now needs a promoter and I have been heavily invested in preparation for the launch of an open source television network.

And the only reason that I am talking about this to you right now is because Emma's death laid it on my heart, for it will be her heart of gold that will launch this project. When launching an ideal that could change the world, we must always ask ourselves what their foundations are, because absolutely everything built upon that will reflect its image. We need to ask ourselves what type of model we want for the future with all of this new technology. Ultimately, we could all learn to help each other in the areas in which we are gifted in.

And if we as a society could all truly listen to and care for each other, then we could better identify and assist people with all of the areas in which they struggle with in life. This entire open source education and entertainment ideal that I have created all comes from an emotionally disturbed artist. I feel her pain in a society that does not care. Circumstances are not relevant because a suicide is still a suicide. And if the problems

of a suicidal person are not identified and rectified before the act, then we as a society have an ethical dilemma. Why don't you love me? In my course, My Reflected Death, I went to hell and came back with this golden key, which you can see for free on my website.

I now present everyone a mold that can be copied. Open Source University then bred Open Source Heart TV, and this is an accurate representation of its origin. Why do you avoid these subjects? For it comes from the deepest emotional heart of a man who deals with suicidal ideation every day.

And it is now all in memory of my dear friend, Emma. May she rest in peace. What is it to live? What is true value?

Imagine the potential for the development of our species if we were able to build effective community-founded online television networks that carry a particular theme and distribute other community projects that fit in with that theme. Imagine if all of the talented and passionate people got together and launched projects like these that not only entertained their audience, but also educated them at the same time. Imagine if the love from communities could come together to portray meaning in their field of interest. what awesome people we could become if only our television was also a learning tool.

And one can get immersed in the topics coming from an artistic portrayal. And we could do this so easily just by examining and improving the current ways that mass media excites and maintains attention span, using that to direct the masses towards healthy forms of mental distribution. I understand that this will not be receptive at first because mainstream media has people's minds, but over time as the productions are examined and their true worth found, the switch from mainstream into community could be relatively easy. And we would not have to ask a single dollar from each other, but instead promote, merchandise, and acquire mutually beneficial opportunities.

And we will carefully explain to the audience that the systems are supported by X and Y. And if you have an awesome show, channel, or network, then people will want to buy all the cool stuff that you will have for sale that is themed in a particular way. Today I have been persecuted for both trying to free education and for producing mythology films, all of which are open source. And I contemplate my life and why I keep doing it.

For I know that some of my audience likes me, but I also know a lot really do not. And the ones that do not are usually the ones that I deal with on a day-to-day basis. Misunderstanding ears judge before they let themselves have a peek. And it makes me laugh inside so hard when you do not realize or care about background conditions.

But all I can ever do is act as a signpost for humanity. And it is supposedly a free country so I can do that in any way that I want. And if you don't like it then who cares because I am fully within the realms of ethics and and all of my investments. The question that each of my critics must ask themselves now, is am I wrong about all I say?

There is now a lifetime's work laying before you, and you have the rest of your life to learn it, and I encourage you to debunk me on any of the topics at hand. If you do this then I will learn from your own conclusions and we together can come to understand this world better. And as a result we would stand strong in the organic solidarity known as human existence and all together learn how to become more caring people. Over time this would improve the entire human consciousness to develop most effectively and as a result flourish amongst and in alignment with its environment.

If anyone out there has a cool show or channel idea and think that they have it in them to acquire the people to make it all happen, then I would like to speak to you about potential business opportunities. we could tweak and fine tune open source educational television to become sustainable and profitable for all involved. I am giving it the best go that I can with divine tragedy. And if it fails then it does not matter because the performances will be there.

And any human that cares about the more difficult questions in life will have the opportunity to watch it. Nothing that I am doing will ultimately fail because it is little upkeep and I can advertise all of it over my entire life because the pieces are timeless. A common misconception that my audience and the people within my life have is that they think that I care what unconstructed criticism their misunderstanding ears throw upon me. But the thing about this is that I see all activity throughout my investments.

I know who watches what, when, and from where. I know how long people stay on pages and what methods of portrayal are the most receptive. I know what sorts of things people like and hate. I study collective psychology and attempt to take it out of its comfort zone to share something different in order to convey deeper meaning behind the topics at hand.

And my methods to accomplish this become more and more refined as I learn best how to manipulate the internet's properties. My life calling is to integrate wisdom into society, and this is the best way that I know how to do it, which I understand as the natural progression to Kant's interpretation of enlightenment. We as the human species have the potential to look after our own, and if we the people do this, then over time the need for strict government regulations would fade away. My life is open source, my heart is open source, and it is there for you on the internet to use as code in the creation of your own.

And if you think that education and entertainment will be the only fields that my life will be invested into, then you have seriously mistaken. All of my works are timeless and I will spend the rest of my life promoting them as well as creating more. Every second that I put into my work is ultimately a huge investment because I will be in charge of so many of my fellow human brothers and sisters consciousness for long periods of time. I see the results from every site that my material is uploaded to, and I tell you something important.

My words are received much more than they are given, and every day I grow more works that again take more of the public's conscious awareness.

You might persecute me and say that I am less than I think I am, but you are wrong, for I know exactly what I am. and I invite you to create your own original work and make it as popular as I have made mine and no matter what date you are reading or listening to this memorial it would be more known than the day before and many works of art build a portfolio in which people who are interested in the person behind the works can follow up if they so desire adopting a fan who can act to increase awareness about a topic. I study chain reactions and I work off the test of time and not for the moment. What do you think all of this will become?

I have an entire lifetime to build and promote myself a huge open source portfolio and I am giving it my all to make it profitable. Don't you think that it would be a good idea to jump on board with this ideal to encourage healthy human development.

We could grow as a society by becoming more caring people, and as a result, the sociological issues behind suicide could be rectified. If we treat a problem at its source, then we can all learn to become better people. How is one to save a life? How is one to save many lives?

How is one to encourage toleration in a self-righteous society?

How could I have saved my dear friend Emma's life?

Why did I not spend more effort by keeping regular contact with her?

But you see, she is my kindred spirit, for I also suffer her pain. and I understand the core of why she did what she did because that core is what embodies my passion for these topics each and every day. For the blade of darkness often comes back to hover over my wrist as if being punished for the life that was forced upon me. I spit across the path of anyone who condemns her soul for what she did. Each and every human being has psychological limits, and when those

limits are crossed, then our defense mechanisms kick in. And in order to retain the self, sometimes one must lose it. We were each given only one vital responsibility in this life, And that is the very life in question. If one feels that their life has lost enough meaning and importance in which one could end their own life, then who are we to judge?

Maybe if we were all just nicer and more caring towards one another, then we would be able to rectify issues like these. As long as our human civilization continues, Emma will not be forgotten. This is because it is her heart that is the essence of open source heart TV. And all of the network productions will stand as timeless pieces of artwork available and marketed for every interested party to experience.

And I have my entire lifetime to make sure that all of these works remain showcased to our entire world. And eventually all of the things that I am doing will cause ripples amongst our collective collective human consciousness. And even if me and all of my productions only make a small impact on society, the fruits of all future works from those who were psychologically affected by my own works will forever develop in attempts to form the best shape possible. This entire movement is encouraging the development of our collective psychology so that we can all become really awesome people.

As stated previously, all of these structural reflections came about from my second course, My Reflected Death, in which I traveled to hell and back to obtain this golden key. I now present it to the entire world as a solution to all of our problems, and it came from one who almost ended his life in front of the entire world. The heart of all my projects is helping people who struggle with suicidal tendencies. The heart of Emma's is my cause that I will spend my life invested into, and in the memory of her golden heart it will forever represent the foundations of open source TV.

We will never forget you, Emma, for you will always be within our own hearts and as a result their collective reflections. For it is the mission of Open Source Heart TV to help remove suffering from the world that inflicts the oppression that would cause one's own hand to turn against itself. For she is the model heart that demonstrates how much farther we have to go before we will ever manage to build a society worth respecting. I myself share the same burdens with this sweet girl, and I am sorry because I am unable to promise you that I will not one day follow her example.

But if and when that day ever comes, I would have given everything that I had within me to help all of us become better people. And now I ask you, who is the angel and who is the demon? To fix the world, we must first fix our minds. To fix our minds, we must first fix our hearts.

Stay tuned world, for Open Source Heart TV, rest in peace, dear Emma. You will never be forgotten.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



Movies-The-Blood-Sacrifice

That's it. I tried my best. Sorry, everybody.

HD. Update from Dr. Kirkendall here. Right now, I'm actually seeing five simultaneous jets fly over the restaurant here, High Key, here in Austin, Texas.

I have never seen anything like this. This is frustrating, and I gotta tell you, if this doesn't make you think that there's something wrong, what's going on here, Then we've got we've got a serious communication problem here ladies and gentlemen We need to start taking a look up what's going on with our skies and start really talking about the real issues Because this is this is I've never seen anything quite like this Absolutely unbelievable, and I just wanted to give you a video update today. Thank you

Tidal wave out of the sea shall come fire and smoke There it is, see it? See how it changed? See how it gets all fluffy? There it is. Buildings being wiped out.

Recently, Ben Carson, this guy who's running for president as a Republican, he is crazy. He recently said that the pyramids in Egypt were used to house grains. Oh shit, you don't know shit, mate. Just so you are aware, I was denied three times.

Not just by anyone, by people that were significant in my life before the clock struck 12.

I can't even get in touch with my family in America. And I'm scared to go to the shops because I really don't want to get arrested because that would screw up what I'm doing. I'm just going to throw it out there and question whether Ashley is the beginning of the new species on another planet.

Boston? Patriarchy. Wahahahaha! Freaking L, all I wanted in this life was a good girl and then you give me all this shit.

Is this what it takes for a divine masculine to find his divine feminine? feminine. Do your worst. She will be worth it. Oh, you want love in this life? That means

you have to solve this incredibly difficult puzzle. Oh, you wanted love in this life? That means you have to save the world, Wendell. I hate your fucking corrupt world. It's really

funny to document things as they happen so you can then prove them wrong after they happen. It's amazing to do that. It's like a superpower. Cheers mate, you're going to hell. He thinks, he doesn't know anything, he just thinks. That's exactly

why I need a support group A, yeah. Fuck you, I don't need anyone. I work alone. Because all you suck. Wahahahaha. Please remember that this entire

conversation came from this and its content all of you are like what the fuck and I'm like hey this is really awesome I can't wait for this I've been preparing for it my whole life so who is more prepared too late you have been judged Israel I've been forced that before it's terrible it's been sussing out the skies for like an hour now maybe two and I've been just trying to stay stay inside the global empire and it's basically a secret empire we do it many ways but principally we identify a country that has resources our corporations covet like oil range a huge loan to that country from the world bank or one of its sisters the money never actually goes to the country it goes to our own corporations to build the infrastructure projects in that country that help a few very wealthy people but don't benefit the majority of people who are too poor to buy electricity or have cars to drive on the highways and yet they're left holding a huge debt that they can't repay so we go back at some point and say you know you can't pay your debts give us a pound of flesh sell your oil real cheap to our oil companies vote with us on the next critical un boat allow us to build a military base in your backyard something along these lines and when we fail the jackals go in and either overthrow or assassinate these leaders and if the jackals fail as they did in Iraq than to be sent in the military. I don't think the failure is capitalism. I think it's a specific kind of capitalism that we've developed. We've created what I consider a mutant, viral form of capitalism.

And this mutant form of capitalism, which I think is really a predatory form of capitalism, has created an extremely unstable, unsustainable, unjust, and very, very dangerous world.

I've met a lot of terrorists. I've interviewed them for books. I've never met one who wanted to be a terrorist. They're desperate people. If we want to get rid of terrorism, we must get rid of the

root causes, that cancer that is destroying our whole system. Because I think it's really important that we understand today we cannot have homeland security unless we understand that the whole planet is our homeland. Ivory? Right now, fuckers. What are they doing? There's your

That's how you get rid of fucking cops. Too late. Goodbye. You're the weakest link.

An atheist? Really? Do you wanna see that? Did you miss it?

Because democracy doesn't work. Meritocracy is where it's at, fool. Okay. Well, since you know all about it, you don't have to watch that then.

Get your camera out, my friends, and be ready to point it at the sky. for this will be your televised revolution all of the motifs exposed to you will eventually become understood because when you go out into the public it's repeated again and again and again and you're just unaware of it you have been brainwashed not only by the media in which you watch but your day-to-day surroundings your entire environment is artificial do you think this was a coincidence that this was over lost angel and do you think the bluebird was a coincidence in episode 23 of yo contract did I not time travel and accomplish this how stupid is yo world you can't see even when one spends their entire life trying to help you see, logically explaining to you what the fuck is going on. Christians have long debated whether or not one could get saved after the rapture. It's going to be very sad if you can't because there's not going to be very many people who get saved if that's the case the higher powers wanted to see you take responsibility without it being revealed to you like this they wanted us to stand up and be responsible for our actions so it didn't get to this point but because it's gotten to this point that means we're really fucked and if we don't do something before 666 we're all doomed the blue bird no I don't watch TV you know about the UFO that was over Los Angeles just about ten hours ago no no I am I'm in Australia you know do you know about the UFO that was these powers wanted you to figure out all of this yourself and that's why they put it directly in front of you what will you do so this is basically something that is mandatory that every congress person has to sign saying that what Jerusalem you said is the capital of Israel and what else you make a commitment that you will vote to support the military superiority of israel that um uh the economic assistance that israel wants that you would uh vote to provide that this isn't a question for the congress people serving that they are representing or they're supposed to be representing the people of the united states not a foreign country and yet they have to pledge allegiance You must remember that even though the authorities at face value are against me, their superiors are for me.

Then, you know, if you don't perform appropriately, then you don't get money to run your campaign. I thought Judgment Day would be the 11th or the 22nd or the 23rd, but I knew something was going to happen on the 9th. I didn't think it was going to be on the 9th, though. It was on the 9th. It is on the 9th. It is today.

But I think we'll really start to see it kick in on the 11th. And welcome to the New World Order, because you'll see lots after that. No man will know the day, not even the Son of Man, until it happens. overnight. I spent all last night keeping watch and praying. How did you

spend last night? My roommate spent last night officially joining his church. Even though I have told him and even shown him some of what's going on, he doesn't care and he says that he doesn't believe in the rapture and the revelation like I do but I show him the passages and he can't argue with them but he's just like let's just agree to disagree Wendell there is no more of that allowed in new world order do you understand I cannot be biased to any man every individual in which I warned including my friends and my family all of the ones who didn't listen to me everything I'm saying applies to everybody in this world and I know I said before that the people that are in my physical existence it's not possible to reap but I'm a deceiver also please understand that when I moved in with John he then got a job with the government and we moved here because of that he is a government employee I am one of their test subjects what does it profit them if they gain the whole world but lose or forfeit yourself I am the ultimate soldier the ultimate spy in which they have created now they can discard all their failed attempts my mission was to be the general it was to recruit and train an army that could never be defeated The Army needed global solidarity. It was very different from warfare as you know it because it was to recruit all around the world and then each spy then broadcast about their own political situation and what they're doing about it and how what they're doing about it is being responded to.

so you can kind of tell what's actually happening by how people are being treated for what they're doing. This was no easy task and took a very long time to be able to accomplish and I had to be extremely patient with everything because I knew it wouldn't be receptive until it came together at the end because I knew what I was saying wouldn't be understood until it was received in the context in which I needed to express because my work was meant to be chopped up from many years of the situations it wasn't really meant to be watched chronologically however do that too like once I find ivory and I release all my other work it's all gold so please learn you have it all in front of you help me find my ivory and you get way more gold. I pray that one day my work gets popular enough so my tears can be counted. Father God for I am not interested in how many hairs are upon my head. I am interested in how many tears it took to create this. Who is my mother

and my father? Who is my brother and my sister? How many did I have to publicly broadcast to become what I am. How many sins did I commit to learn how to no longer commit sin?

Please do not show me my sins again, but I promise you that my sins were never intended to hurt anyone else. It was from my sins in which I learned how to no longer sin. Posting to the entire world. make your choice tick tick tick you can find it here can't you see monarch programming my crown i am a messenger from the gods fools because of this i can say whatever the fuck i want and get away with it because i write your history books because i am a god does a god who follows the god go to hell bat you're wrong fool i'm so stupid

perform your act for this is the new world order it'll be really funny It is very difficult to swing all the shit that's going on around us to be funny, but that is the task in which we must accomplish in order to do this right, because this has to be entertaining, otherwise no one's going to do it. I had one mission in life, and that was to show you the capabilities that a portable camera had in the hands of one individual. And God justified me to do and say anything that I wanted in order to get this message across to you. There is faith, my friends.

So now you have it, so write your own history into the world, Earth. Oh, did you not realize that the universe was 666? It's called utopia, my friends. Now what are you going to do that you know?

a number in which you have been told your entire life was evil is divine and it took a revelation for you to find out how will you respond to this content i am in a quiet place and the closest road is like half a kilometer away but even that being so listen to the background noise because you can even hear the sirens then noise pollution is also pollution and really affects our minds but you just don't see it what do you think having war equipment at the front of a shopping center or having planes go above you all the time or having cops everywhere. What do you think that does to your psychology? Because, my friends, we are already in a concentration camp and it is called Earth.

They have complete control over your lives and none of you can see it. If you get away with something, it is because they let you get away with that. That's not that. The Bluebird Mind Control Experiments started in 1983 in the U.S. I was born in Crown Point, Indiana

in 1984 in the U.S. The government has not only directed my every move, but also forced it. The hospital records put down that I was born the day before I was born. I was born on June 27, 1984, and that is what my first birth certificate said. I burnt it after I became homeless in

Melbourne, and I reapplied for it some years later, and they said there was a discrepancy and And that my birth certificate showed June 26, 1984. So they sent me a birth certificate that said I was born on June 26, 1984. I know that I was born on June 27 because ever since I was young I was told the story of how the first day I was born was a Wednesday and that night my family went to church with me as a newborn so I went to church on the first day that I was born. I was born I think around 3 a.m. and now they're saying that I was born on June 26th and all my other identification

says June 27th because I did have my original birth certificate on June 27th but so I was able to get all that identification back but now just according to the US I was born on June 26 so isn't that a bit suspicious what is so significant about June 26 I have memories of going to church on the first day of my life but my family have always told me that that was just because they told me about it through growing up and that could very well be true but all the women were like oh what's he gonna be when he grows up and it felt like they were pushing their expectations on me and I just was born so it's like what are you doing I'm just a little baby I just came here it always happens before three right in front of us the entire time all combined in it together the conspiracy directly against me and now you none of this is in the mainstream media people are still walking around and don't realize up yo world turn up the volume for you lots of different types of Monarch programming. I only have like a minute left on camera but watch what I do within that minute. It is not bombs that is the CIA's secret weapon. It is me and they are just waiting for the right time to use me. So

they just keep delaying what I do from coming to fruition because they They want it all to work out at a specific time. And they reveal information slowly to you during that time. So be very receptive to what's about to happen because the facts are worse than you could realize. But there is hope at the bottom, because you see what we have done.

We have implemented a regulation within society that trumps all regulations. This is a movie and not a TV show, so I will make it movie length instead, but consider Consider the information in which I presented to you just then, and we'll return to that because there's about to be a big VOOM! As of today, if you want to save your soul, blood sacrifices are no longer allowed. You are no longer allowed to kill your children or anyone else for that matter.

Even if you are a soldier, if you are forced to be a soldier, you must be a peaceful soldier. We must now start killing our children or your children are going to start killing you. Because the child in which you kill could have grown up to save the world. There will be no more eating meat if you want to save your soul.

Life is precious and if you take away its ability to flourish, then eventually your life will be taken away. Through defying the natural laws, Satan has given you the ability to do amazing magic in exchange for your soul here on earth. So you will never reach heaven, which that's okay if you do that. But the thing is, now Satan has turned because it is now time to go back to God.

Apollo will come out soon and burn all of you who reject what I am saying. A new type of male? Khloe Kardashian would not have done what she did if she knew what I did. bulb because as of today it is your judgment and your old magic has its opposite effect I gave you guys a long time in advance to understand this hey Miss Kardashian why did you not know about me I think we need a new type of One man, a real witch, one called Ivor, for she is coming in the clouds, and every eye shall see, even those who pierce.

can you see my friends for this is the day of justice and if justice is on your side then come out because we will win if we just come out if it's not on your side then just keep your mouth shut can you see just cross your eyes just a little bit Wendell now you worship God or you will pay for Satan has spoken Some other celebrities, like who? An angel. The world is a blood sacrifice. And that is your concentration camp.

Here are its fences. She did her spell the same day that I stopped her from doing her spell.

Now, you are the one that holds the key into seeing justice fulfilled. I am the Antichrist. I am the Christ. I am Abaton.

I am Archangel Michael.

And I am Wendell.

I am Jesus, and I am here to rapture my people. and we will punish all of these sinful creatures because I just opened the portal that enabled us to do that.

And why should all you Satanists listen to me? Because I am Satan and you will bow now or be destroyed. we live in an entirely artificial world open your eyes to me see everything in which was natural has been modified so there is nothing left that is natural left of this planet, especially not us. The campaigns for chipping people and other methods of monitoring and tracking people is just to desensitize you to this sort of thing happening.

The truth is that we are already modified and that we are already being watched very carefully. Vaccines and inoculations are another one of those fronts that just get you used to this happening to introduce foreign bodies without you being aware because when they want to contaminate all of us all they got to do is fly a plane and just release some smart dust that has certain chemical compounds in it and that will then come down on us and we'll breathe it in and it will then and send its experiential data back to headquarters and it'll be all over the place and we'll be able to see it through the sky especially when the sun is and our clouds will be beautiful we'll live in a really beautiful paradise um but yeah that's how it's gonna work so enjoy the movie finale it's going to screw up our soil so it'll be hard to grow plants from now on. Me releasing this like this will have an impact on everybody who was involved in all of this happening. So listen carefully if you want to save your soul because this is the grace of God and you only get one more chance. You've had two strikes. These same rules

tautologically applies now to every person who is involved in these sort of practices for now you must stop worshipping me and devote the rest of your life to God and if you do this I promise you will become very very powerful but you have been forgiven if you do this So, God is your new master. Turn back to God. Return to me! It is never okay to sacrifice a life for another life.

So, stem cell research that does this is off limits. Any scientific advancements that is involved with blood sacrifice shall now have its opposite effect resulted. So tread very fucking carefully, my friend. No abortion.

If you don't want to get knocked up, then you have the technology now in order to avoid that. So, if you can't do that, then you should have been smarter. Don't take it out on your baby. The only time abortion can be considered is if the mother's life is at risk.

Value your life before an unborn child's because you can always have another. fix your family relationships and stop fighting learn how to talk out your problems and please don't forget to put some heart into it the ubermensch the super soldier is a free agent and I am not with anyone who makes military equipment. So if you are making weapons, then you are doing wrong and you will be judged.

We should not be promoting war because you're going to kill everybody. If we are under threat globally, then we need to have the equipment prepared so we can have a war if our lives are in danger. But we should not have that equipment prepared beforehand. We should have all of what it takes, including all of its blueprints, its molds, prepared, just in case we really, really do need them for something that comes our way.

But we should not be storing this shit. This is bad and will kill us all. If you want to live, then every nation must align. Get on board.

Get on the ship.

Yours is sinking.

What if we do have to get on board the pyramid in order to rapture to heaven? will you be prepared because I promise you the only people that will be on that ship will be mentally and spiritually raptured already it is now time for the kids to stand up against the adults because the adults are killing them Solidarity will be found amongst your children, and not you. So now I ask each and every one of you out there, who is a child?

Raise your hands. Please consider your choices carefully. Because even though your children are your victims, here's the truth. At the end of it, the only people left will be children.

So now you are to decide whether or not you are a child. Because the secret is, all of this is an extermination program to exterminate all adults. It was not me who did it to you. But I did show you who did do it to you.

And I told you for my whole life, and I got treated really terribly for doing that.

Every child get a camera, and when yo friends die, capture yo tears.

It will make yo a god, but the process hurts. If showing the adults your tears while they are killing your friends does not make them consider otherwise, releasing that to the entire world to see, if that does not change their hearts, then I don't know what will. and we're all fucked. If you die with a camera in your hand, then all of us will praise your name for the rest of time. Because First Citizen will ensure that a website is erected that

It tributes all of the warriors who were slain on the battlefield. That's right, First Citizen.

This website will then publicly share both the death and what those deaths do to the children, to the entire world. And it will be very graphic. Your classification is E for everyone.

Who is the more powerful witch?

Me or Khloe Kardashian.

For now, the only blood sacrifices in which you can perform is on yourself. Here is how many blood sacrifices that I have performed on others. And look how powerful I am.

Here is your new blood sacrifice. And it is much more effective.

Will you see that justice is served? You know, the only reason that I found this out was because I searched for people who were born on the same day as me.

See? Do you think that was a coincidence? What is destiny for $666? This is the call to activate all who've been monarch programmed.

The potential to obtain justice depends on what you as an individual do to ensure that happens. Not the authorities. Yo is the authorities. The whole world wakes up and realizes that they have been following Satan all along.

But now yo is me and I gift you with both my wings and my eyes. For the time has come for evil to turn back to good. But we will not strip it of its individuality and still allow it to cause chaos. What yo thought to be real was fake, and what I thought to be real was real.

So now that I have proven all of that, where do we go from here? You called me delusional, but I flipped it. You called me delusional and an idiot my whole life. So logic follows that that means that the rest of mine, I can call that to you.

It's called the categorical imperative fool, and I just flipped it back on you. Let's tautologically apply your argument. So police can have guns, so that means every individual can have guns. And police can beat up helpless people, so that means every individual can beat up helpless people.

And people can chop off heads, so that means now every individual can chop off heads. people can get away with corruption so that means every individual can get away with corruption and we can poison each other so that means every individual can poison each other and we can kill our children so that means our children can kill their parents the adults have you seen the portal that I opened on Halloween because logic speaks for itself so let's get this categorical imperative underway because it is constant enlightenment so let's do this thing I will be a pacifist because that is my moral highest good but I will let you decide for yourself. If we do not somehow obtain solidarity and stand up to the police, then we will be taken over. You don't stop doing this until you live in a perfect world. I dare you. Wake up!

Fundamentalist, this was the only church in Australia in which I didn't contact because I let that be on John's head.

He did not tell them anything. In Italy, people start interpreting it as a logical thing and its whole thing. Dimensions which cannot be expressed logically are always packed up in these kinds of stories so that they are preserved without distortion. So Shiva opens his third eye and either everything burns up or he sees everything clearly.

So third eye is not a physical thing. It is just that if your energies reach a certain peak within you, you have a new clarity of vision, of life. You see everything from a completely different dimension. You see everything.

So you start seeing things. It's an inner eye, we say. We can say you can turn it inward or outward, whichever way you turn it. So these eyes are only outward.

You can't roll your eyeballs inward and see what's within you, isn't it? So third eye is both ways. If you want, you can turn it inward or you can turn it outward. Whichever way, you are seeing life beyond the normal limitations of your perception.

Play this world. Your perception has risen beyond the physical. …is fundamentally to move to a higher plane of perception. Yoga you call it intellectually realized, not experientially realized, intellectually realized.

You touched a point where life cannot disturb you. Life can… The lowest point of Mooladhara, Agna, there are many ways of reaching there. There's so many paths, many different paths of how to get there. the energies touch your sahasrara, the topmost chakra, you will become ecstatic like for no reason.

Simply you're ecstatic. You don't need any external stimulus. You will see those of you who come to the bhavas pandhana, simply ecstatic.

So from here to here there is no journey. So when you come here, if you can turn this third eye inward, only then you see that there is no way. The only way is to jump. to jump into total emptiness.

Either you must be crazy or you must have absolute trust in somebody else's word. There are only two ways you can jump into nothingness, isn't it?

So third eye is something that gives you a total clarity of things are how life processes. When I say life, don't think of life in terms of waking up in the morning, eating, going to the party, not that life. fundamental life life as you believe in it look at me to everyone hurry we don't have much time

although this monarch programming was evil wicked detestful those who are responsible for it are likely my creators. Chew on that. I was an experiment, and because that experiment existed and created me, it was then prophesied about the return of Jesus to rapture his people. I became Jesus because I was brainwashed in order to become Jesus.

That is how Jesus is resurrected. And now I hope that Jesus can be resurrected in all of our hearts. The prophecy was all over the place because I was so many things.

I have chosen the parts that I am going to play through the tribulation. now it is time for you to choose yours when I was six years old I fell in love with little girls because I fell in love with Debbie and ever since then it's been difficult in my life because what I wanted I had with Debbie when I had it and that has changed me as a person and to be honest I think that was all constructed I think that both the powers above me and fate has connected me with everybody in which has been in and out of my life so I think there's a lot of strange things that work there and I don't think a lot of the people who have been through my life have been who they said they were. My life truly is the Truman Show. Will you be my friend, Jim Carrey?

Will you hold my hand? I think a lot of times the governments construct what happens to me so I can catch it on camera. They're constantly trying to put out fires that I make. It's because it all has to come together at the right time.

The crack in the wall amongst space and time. Am I really a time traveler or was I just brainwashed to think that?

I'm afraid we probably will never know the answer to that. But if you do the math, then I'm sure that it will all add up. When you are a God, and each and every one of you need to remember this, because if this doesn't line up, then no matter what you say, you are not a God. A God only speaks truth.

So everything that comes out of my mouth is true. and if you think it's not then you have not looked at it right for only God's right history and that is the requirement to obtain such a certification man can try to write history but then eventually God will wipe out man for here is what what you've done with what God has given you.

Hey, this is a message to everyone that pollutes and puts their trash in the water? You're fucking up animals like that. Where is he? There he is.

4.5 billion years ago, a giant molecular cloud collapses in space, setting free a solar nebula out of which a planet is born. Earth. For 2 billion years, this planet evolves and first life appears. A soup of cells, bacteria, algae, fungi, and Mariana plants come to life.

Fish rain the oceans and eat the algae. They absorb the sunlight and store it in their bodies. Dinosaurs, amphibians, reptiles, birds, and mammals. They all live and die.

And each year, their dead bodies are covered by layers and layers of sediment. Oh my goodness, I can't believe this. Oil. Humans arrive.

And with them, geologists. They study for years to find the oil. And build rigs in remote places. Giant pumps extract the liquid, and it's shipped across the oceans.

A refinery now cracks it open, and once again it travels. A factory that binds the compounds and turns them into plastic pallets. Stored in big containers around the world they go. They're liquefied.

They're molded into the shape of a beautiful spoon. The spoon drops and cools off to harden. Wrapped in plastic, it is put into a box. And the box is put on a pallet.

And the pallet is put into a container. And the container is put on a truck. and the truck drives to a port where the container is put on a ship and ship ship ship the spoon arrives six thousand kilometers around the world where it is picked up by a merchant who puts it on a truck and drives it to a store where it's placed on a shelf in a temperature controlled room where it sits for two months until you select it and pay for it with the money you worked hard for and you my camera is trying to die on me but i gotta see the beauty the spoon home which is This is where you are standing right now with the spoon in your hand. Now tell me, do you still think it's too much effort to use a metal spoon that you just have to wash?

Stupid ass. Thank you.

What's the most significant body of work in the world?

I caught the revelation unfolding on camera. I call it the televised revelation. I hope my family's alright. I can't get in contact with them.

A real justice system. Why do you think in order to create me, they had to get me out of America? But they're like this.

So every time you get on that plane... Beautiful. I told you all. None of you listened to me, you could've fixed it, you didn't have to come to this, I tried so hard, 36 seconds long, and it just kind of hovers there, share all of my work with all of your friends, and even people that aren't your friends, share with the public, communis, census, can't get it, it was just a screenshot, Here's your news. The televised revolution. They are showing you how stupid and brainwashed you are.

Police have shot and killed a family pet in a suburban street. As you're about to see, the shooting was captured by a security camera with footage showing the officer firing a shot not far from home. Witnesses say the dog wasn't behaving aggressively. We warn viewers will find images in this report.

A police officer draws his gun as he's approached by a six-year-old staffy Biggie on a suburban Kinross street, tail wagging, seemingly unaggressive. Nine News has decided not to show you the moment the officer shoots Biggie dead, but we did show it to his owner, Pat.

Six, six, seven. Seven is your wild card and the only card that you have left to play, and you have until June 16th. Like I said, you have until June 16th, 2016, to prove that you're worth something, but there is hope at the bottom of all of this, so let me show you the beauty at the end.

Yeah. We are the people and the people make the government. The way laws are created is by the most accurate, the closest to the truth. The best vision is employed and that becomes knowledge.

and we use that the one that works best and then if we create one that works better then we just replace it or we can improve what we have if what we have is already really good so those are the ways to create laws so you are now the lawyer and the authority in which is beating the crap out of you when you're a peaceful creature, they're no longer the authority because they have proven themselves incapable of being able to handle that authority and authority is given to those who are best suitable for that authority so they can then help as many people as possible like i'm not teaching rocket science because it is sin that separates us from god and not evil still they can't see Did I catch you sleeping, my beloved disciple?

Little children, let no yo deceive you. Yo that doeth righteousness is righteous, even as yo is righteous. Ye that committeth sin is of the devil, for the devil sinneth from the beginning. For this purpose the Son of God was manifested, that he might destroy the works of the devil.

Who is my mother, and who are my brethren? behold my mother and my brethren for whosoever shall do the will of my father which is in heaven the same is my brother and sister and mother my new family are those who read in my word because this is my body nourish yourself this is my blood drink it is your fountain of youth is this no eyes world it disappeared now you choose please Please think carefully, we're doomed otherwise.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



Movies-The-Educators-Guide-to-Audio

What do you think?

Does it suit me?

Am I fashionable?

All joking aside though, I hope that you and your family have been safe throughout these trialing times.

My name is Wendell Charles NeSmith, And I am very excited to share with you how I record, produce, and release audio.

Audio is extremely important to the educator of the 21st century because audio has such flexibility that no other media can achieve. That is to say that it is portable. We can embed our audio files into our website in such a way that we can lock our phones and the audio will continue to play. There is even a pause button on the lock screen.

This enables your students to receive your content in any way that they desire. It is very handy if someone lives a busy lifestyle and this gives them the opportunity to utilize their time in transit to focus on your material this is my voice recorder and it was under a hundred bucks I don't remember exactly what it cost me but under a hundred don't get the cheapest but don't get the most expensive either don't need that we'll go to the menu here and I'll show you something here so go into so there we go okay it's right there see quality settings do you see that over there and that's what we want we want 192 so you need to make sure you get a recorder that is capable of doing 192 and just don't get something cheap get something that's kind of quality because it's important to give your students quality audio so they can have the best experience possible while invested in your work. I will show you how to record straight from your computer microphone as well however most inbuilt microphones especially in laptops are very low quality so I recommend you not use your laptop microphone and just take the hit and get a portable recorder you'll thank yourself at the end of the day for doing it because otherwise you won't obtain the quality that you desire, that you require. This microphone is made to be able to hear far out, which means you could take it into a lecture and then just set it on the desk and press record and you would get the lecture. So don't speak straight into it. Just like

habit distance like that to be honest how I do it I'll show you how I do it I actually lay on the ground like this like this so and I have my phone here so I'm reading off my phone right next to it's the microphone so I got it from this distance down to here and I'm just reading off of it and I'm just talking towards the microphone not directly at it like that that will be bad right Right after pressing the record button, wait for 3 seconds. For reasons we will see shortly. This is the introduction to the tutorial that I am doing right now. In this tutorial, we will be importing this audio file into an audio editing software called Audacity.

Audacity is free and open source. We will close this audio file out for now because we have obtained all that we desire from it. God bless. So we just load up Audacity and then we go over here and open and that's the file right there. And open. Here's our file. It's less than a minute. You can see

over here. Okay. So here's our three seconds. I'll show you. We can even zoom in if we click

this icon over here sees the zoom in and out and you can see that that's just under four seconds so we just select that just before so all of that before that and then go to effect and noise reduction because this is the background noise and doing this gets rid of the background noise so we get the noise profile it's just analyzing that that's all that does it just analyzes that because that first three seconds is only the background noise so after that we want to hit ctrl a which means select all and that selects this whole track here so then we want to go to back to effect and again to noise reduction and we want to hit okay this time and that goes through the process and it changes it and you look magic is gone you just got rid of the noise so that humming sound in the background will no longer be there. Here are the basics. We plugged that in. That's how we got that. So we're

ready to start. Zoom in a little bit further and we want to press spacebar. introduction to the tutorial that I am doing right now you can hit the mouse button there and then we'll press space again look see okay see I had to do that in order to progress if I didn't click that it would its checkpoint would be back at the beginning so let me show So I'll start, we'll start here and I'll press spacebar Introduction to the tutorial that I am doing right now In this tutorial we will be importing this audio file Which we've done To an audio editing software called Audacity Audacity is free and open We will close this audio file out for now, because we have obtained all that we desire. God bless.

Yeah, it's great software. It's amazing. I wish they had a video equivalent. um yeah so once you're happy with that um so you probably go through it a few times uh and you don't press see see there marks it see we got a marker there if i press space see it will go back to that marker so i need to press my mouse button down somewhere in order for it to have somewhere to go back to after I press space yeah you got it see okay let's say you're happy with that you can go here and you just click there so now we want to drag it over it's a bit faster yeah and then we You can come back here, and, yeah, you see, and then I'll stop it, it'll go back to there.

If I'm happy with that, which I am, then I'll go right there. Do you see how it works? Okay, so once you're happy with all of your files and everything, now is the processing of it and we'll go ctrl a we just did ctrl a which is select all and effect and actually we want to go view and show clipping um that's right and then we want to zoom out to view our entire file. It took me two times suppressing the zoom out in order to be able to see my

entire file. Um, and there's no red lines. Um, so it says, oh, show clippings on or

off. There we go, I did it. So I have to do it again. Nope, there's no clippings, which Which is good. There'll be the bread lines. I'll show you how that would work. So let's go. Okay. So let's stop that. And then let's go here. There we go. Close that. We don't need that right now.

see file open and then see there's a second one there yeah you got it yeah you see there you go see that's because we got view show clippings see that's bad that's a bad audio file but because we were calm and didn't scream or anything we were nice in our approach it doesn't have any there and see it's selected so we know it should be working which it does work so saying our audio files good perfect even because there's no red lines on this the occasional tiny red line like I'll show you if we go over to the end here and we go to zoom here and we zoom in here see like a red line like this that's no problem so it doesn't matter that's tiny but it's just the big ones let's zoom out oh yeah you see that's way that's not not good even these multiple ones in the same audio area especially if it's too thick that's not good so we'll just

zoom out or sorry go get out of that close it we don't want to save it i was just using that to show you an example so we've now got our audio file we're happy with it so we want to control a this is the processing phase select all and we want to go to effects again effects there we go and we want to go to normalize for or after should we do let's go to compressor there we go So, we got a compressor, and this is the information that we need to put in our compressor, 13 decibels, minus 40, 5, 1, 0.2, 1.5, and then we go, okay, okay, and it changes it, so it goes, boom, it's like blown up, right? Um, but then after that we got a, oh you see, there's, when we blew it up, we have a little, a little red line. So if we select that, and then we, um, go to zoom here. um and we keep on we gotta zoom a few times and we look at it see it's only tiny um and it's not on both channels either it's just on one of them um i'll zoom in more click on more show you like it's just or minus minus the way too far click it plus plus see it's only tiny it doesn't matter at all it's really fun to play around with these are all waves they're really cool you can go really far and you can select it even see I'm just going to select a tiny part of it and let's press the space button see that's that's the sound that's the and if it really bothers you you can even like keep on going and pressing zoom zoom again zoom again zoom again and then you can go select it oh see there's only two parts so you select those right so we're at a very very tiny area right there so we then press space again space space see can you hear that it's like a little clicking sound a tiny tiny clicking sound so if you want to get rid of that you can just then press delete here we just press delete and now that's gone so then let's go back and we zoom out zoom out zoom out zoom out zoom out and see the waves start to resemble something we can understand again zoom out zoom out zoom out zoom out okay so now we've done that um let's finish by normalizing our track let's go to control A which is select all effect again and then to normalize and yes we do want to remove this offset and we want to normalize to this peak amplitude of negative 3 This is pretty much going to work every time, but there was one time where I had to submit my work to an audio company and I had to make this negative 3.2 or negative 3.4 or something like that in order for it to work.

So just keep that in mind that even though that's going to work almost every time, there might be a few times that you might need to play around with this number a little bit just to get it working properly, but that's pretty much going to work for you anyway. So we just go then to OK, and see how it just changed everything, it just normalized it. So that means it's going to be, from those settings that we've done, it's going to sound standard across all devices, so it will sound the same as your music level. So let's say there's a section that you don't want there.

It's as easy as selecting that section. You can move that around once you've selected it so it's not stuck how you select it to begin with. So you can play around with it to fine tune it to get exactly the area selected that you want and then you just press delete and then it's gone. So, let's say you made a mistake, control Z, which is back, and then it comes back to you.

I do also want to mention that we said effect and then compressor over here, and I said 13, but it's negative 13. So, negative 13, negative 40, and 5, 1, 20, 0.20, and 1.5 seconds.

Yeah, that make up for gain, that's fine. No compressed base on peaks. And then you just hit OK. So remember, if you do anything else after this, that you will have to select that area again, and do the compressor, and then the normalization.

Here at the end, we have a little bit of sound, and we can hear it, it's just like the little click from when I pressed stop. all you have to do is click generate and then silence and you can do this anywhere in the track so it's not just the end of the track that's handy for this and you can see the noise there we hit okay and it's gone but you see we selected more of that so it selected more area there so let's not do that then let's actually just silence a small part of it there so let's just silence that that amount right there so not going the full way generate silence there you go let's say you're 43 seconds in and you want to add more into that audio file over here we have a record button remember how I said before I would show you how to use the record feature in audacity well that's what we're doing right now so we just hit that record button and you can see it's recording at the end we can fix that up really easily and it's probably best that it happens because that way I can record as much as I need to and then insert it at the exact point where I need to so let's just press space there and and stop that recording so that's the recording just stopped we got from here so select from there and then and then we can select that area and we just press space and as you can see it's recording at the end. We can fix that up really easily. So that's good. We got that. Remember this is looking different isn't it? So if we zoom

out you see that part of the file looks different than that because remember we've normalized it we've done the compressor on it and then we normalized it so if you're happy with how that is um you would also need to go select that area and then go to effect compressor the the settings save so you only have to input them once and then they're there for good um and then normalize and same thing and then see that section now looks like that section so see how it's at the end we now need to control X which is going to cut it see it just disappears so then we let's say we want to insert it in this area right here we'll just zoom in so we'll say at the 19 second mark so this was talking we'll find out what this is talking about we press space to get that I am doing right now okay so what we're doing right now is we're checking what happens after in this tutorial okay so we decided we want to paste what we've just said in between the two so we just select that area and paste is control V which then we zoom out here control V so we've and and you can see that look So you can see where it's divided because we selected more. You can actually just press, all you have to do is press your mouse button once on it. So just press it once, press it again, oh is that not going to work? It doesn't like that.

Oh I see because there's no recording in there. So let's just select there. We can either generate silence on that area or we can just delete that area. Let's just delete that area.

show you what happens if you generate silence so we'll just go back control Z it's going back generating silence will yeah see now there's audio file in there and you know how I said the clicking thing now that's important see now combine that and combine that so now that with that line we double click that line it's gone so let's see if we're happy with that we'll press space yeah yeah let's say we don't like that so that's no good so we just press we selected it we press delete happy let's face there in this tutorial let's say that's good let's say we're happy with that then that's all we've done so we just zoom out you can see there's no lines that are stuck there so we've combined that oh see there's there's lines here we just clicked it and it's gone let's say that's too long um we'll let's say we'll zoom in a little bit um let's say yeah let's stop it let's say get rid of a few seconds there and just delete and it's gone it started just after four seconds and I generally like to say within three to four seconds so I think over four seconds is too long so let's just select that and then get rid of it you have to think about your user experience the student experience so how long are they going to wait before they are able to be immersed in your content the compressor Other settings in which I've shared with you today are best for voice recordings and not necessarily music. When you are happy with your audio file, click File, Export, Export as MP3, Constant 192 Joint and then put it where it needs to go, save. So it's pretty important to use these. I really recommend the ID3 tags because it attaches to it, and in some cases you need them. If

this is part of a series, maybe this is just the beginning of it, so the first one is usually zero then it goes one two or we can we can start at one it depends on what what you're doing what your project is but in this case we'll start at zero now we have our file there reasons we will see shortly and that's all turned out the way we wanted it to. In its properties you can see the ID3 tag. Upload your audio file onto your chosen platform and then embed it into your website using this code. Here is an example from my website.

We go here. I'm using this version. We take our video files, which we stored on our desktop here, and just select them all. They're all good.

And here's the settings we are using. You can play around with those to your heart's content, whatever you think is best, but I recommend this audio. You click merge into one, that says file, it's cut off. merge into one file and apply to all and what it'll do is see it'll create a destination file it's gonna be a little bit every half an hour sorry it took a long time longer than I thought



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



Movies-The-End

Missed you, girl. I'm back now, though. How can I stop filming when everything around me is gorgeous?

I can't help filming beauty.

And when one has a superpower, how are they to use or abuse it? What is the story of a man?

I have given you an example that you should do as I have done to you.

The eye of God. God said, son, when you grow up, will you be the savior of the broken, the beaten, and the damned. There's no light on it, but they don't come with a light on them anymore. I searched around for ages. I made some mistakes in my past work, and that's the thing that sucks about doing

video like this is because you can't take them back, but if you just get through those errors and analyze the content and make the decisions for yourself because I'm not supposed to be making these decisions for you I'm just presenting the topics to you then you would have deeper insight into why and how I made those mistakes and then that would help you understand how this video recording system works that I'm presenting to you and I keep on doing the same work again and again and again but I can't help it because there's always so much to film and I'm trying my best to entertain as well which a lot of people who don't get through enough of my work to be able to understand my humor but I guess I don't really regret those mistakes but I am a fallible person I am NOT Jesus Christ like I said before but you gotta realize I said these things under certain conditions and if you don't understand the conditions behind what I was saying then you'll miss the whole the whole methodology that I'm trying to show you you hear of learning, which is by using a camera. The snake eats its tail. Present work designed to rectify errors within past work. From henceforth, let no man trouble me, for I bear in my body the marks of the Lord Jesus.

But rejoice insofar as you share Christ's sufferings, that you may also rejoice and be glad when his glory is revealed.

What is a documentary?

Life is full of adventures. Choose Your Own Adventure is a series of children's game books where each story is written from a second person point of view, with the reader assuming the role of the protagonist and making choices that determine the main character's actions and the plot's outcome. Plato's cave. I have sinned and fall short of the glory of God. Forgive me, Father. All good things

takes patience and perseverance. Tick. He that overcometh shall inherit all things, and I will be his God and he shall be my son how are we to protect our children my life as close as I want it's open now it is I can see his head his head is moving no it's not a duck it's not a duck it's an eagle no it's an eagle



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



Movies-The-Expressionist

I AM THE EXPRESSIONIST. So what am I doing? I'm doing a lot of things, so I thought I should make a video about some of the things that I'm doing so you can sort of understand how everything links together. What can you expect from me?

I mean, there's a lot of things that I'm working on here, and they're all coming together in a certain way, and I thought this video would be good to explain those structures and how they all come together but in order to look at what what's what I'm working on and understand what's going to be in the future we need to look at our past so my past in particular and and then we can look at the present and then from there we can make accurate guesses as to the future. So we have this emotional and curious kid growing up who craved meaningful interactions but received very little. As a result, he was alienated by his peers because he was a bit different and people didn't like to communicate in those sort of manners on a deeper level. So we have expression and different methods to convey meaning.

And I focused a lot on writing and communicating, always trying to articulate that abstraction that I couldn't understand, trying to get it as clear as possible. But even as a child, ever since I can remember, I've always had troubles sleeping. So I would just lay in bed, and my parents would tell me that this was okay, you're getting enough sleep if you're just laying there, even though it's not. But that gave me a lot of time to reflect and consider my life, even from a young age.

So we get this kid who's misunderstood, trying to communicate, but not effectively, to others. He's overlooked because I was shy and awkward. People hurt me so I wasn't, I was very reserved. I wasn't conforming.

I had my own thoughts and people didn't like that so you cross that between being sensitive and you have yourself someone that's set up to be overlooked by a lot of people. So then throughout my studies I found a lot of different school failures. I tended to do well in most of my studies without doing too much work, but my focus was always on love and communication and how to achieve the best life that could be achieved. And paradoxically getting just the opposite, but that's something for you to find out if you're interested in taking any courses here.

So I moved out really young and had an unhealthy romantic relationship as well as friendship failures. So trying my best to get this right but not being able to do it. So eventually love broke down and I was left entirely isolated by my loved ones who were demonstrating that they were not loved ones so uh you know I I was about to end it all having no one there you know um everybody abandoning me then I contemplated suicide a lot and I almost did it and uh right before I did the action I was struck down and upon me came a realization that, hey, Wendell, you're this really smart guy. Maybe a little bit confused, but you follow me, and I'll clear up those confusions.

But it's all mine. Everything in your existence is mine. And I've never turned back since then. I've given everything to God.

and so that's what you're getting right now all these are results of what I've been called to do and everything the way it's going to connect is all all part of it and the more you learn about it then the more you'll understand it so I studied love and you know agape philia and arrows which is a you know love of humanity love of a friend and romantic love I followed God I was a wanderer and and still am, learned and sought wisdom everywhere I went. I searched for wise people. I traveled around the globe and back and throughout all this time as well I had job failures. This was me being a bright guy doing a lot of good in different companies but not being recognized for that good and getting exploited because I'm a hard worker so I would get driven quite hard and people wouldn't appreciate me for the job I was doing and I just sort of run over by everybody.

So not being able to end up in a job anywhere and eventually becoming unemployable for the exact person that I am. I ended up homeless so as a result I fled into the wilderness. I traveled around Australia then and I learned survival skills for the body, the mind and the spirit. I meditated and I ruminated.

I learned problems within society and the education system. I contemplated how to fix them. I dynamically developed effective methods to convey meaning in a receptive manner. I learned how to organically develop systems by examining both the macro and micro levels.

I produced online philosophy courses utilizing a donation optional system. So how am I going to promote myself as a teacher to the world? So then I came up with the structures for an online university system which is open source university and this is a new system and these sort of systems have not been heard of before so how am I going to promote the university well I got to get good teachers that's there's two issues there so I got to get good teachers and I got to promote the universities so the teachers then need to recruit need to be talented and they need to be talented to be able to teach they need to be able to entertain and teach at the same time so after thinking about it for quite some time it's probably best to look for these talented people that can not only teach but but act as well and and I have been driven towards acting so I'll tell you a little bit on a personal level about the way I'm directed. So, you know, this mythology that I'm studying is very interesting. I found

myself to be some of these characters. So that means that I have found traits or characteristics in these characters that I can identify within myself and this happened before I even knew of these characters so I was like this before these characters came along when I learned these characters I understood myself on a deeper level so this this asks you know some questions that I need to consider so one am I socially constructed by our current system or am I socially constructed behind the current system which is this Greek mythology that I've been learning and teaching so in my product which I am I have more product of more of a product of the current structures or the long-term structures or is are these mythologies and fables these myths and fables are they just shining light onto a certain perspective of our human condition which can be related with a lot of different types of people. So I've been called to act and act out these characters in a meaningful way and not act them out exactly how it happened but act them out as I interpret them and as I feel them so it's part of the living mythology so how am I going to do this then I need to recruit a crew and and this crew would all be teaching their their topics of concern in the online university as well as acting or helping out filming or whatever they want to do whatever gifts they have to give and then we could ultimately take it into theater if we wanted to but at first pretty much just produce movies semi-professional movies and these are from mythology I mean we could do other things but mythologies where my heart lies right now so but to start with mythology because I'm the one that's starting this and then we'll see where it goes and everybody can have their own say in the direction we can all work together as a team and then when we'd have these income sources, we would have the bottom line of the teacher's website, the university, which we could do profit sharing, and then the theater productions, we could hop around different places doing theater. If we chose to, and we could build different structures like this so we could get income from multiple sources all around instead of relying on one income. And it wouldn't matter if one income wasn't stable, it would be okay

because it would all balance out. But we have to tweak and fine tune these systems in order for these systems to work for us in this manner. So at the end of the day, I'm on a stage here and that stage is life. So after all the difficulties within my past with communication, I have learned how to effectively express myself, and before you stands the art of a lifetime.

I have found and am continuing to find the characters of this life play that I was meant to act out.

This is my philosophy, and this is my life. I hope you enjoy my performance. I plan on making it a good one that will forever develop do you care to join me there are so many parts available to play and I'm going to leave you with the poem that I wrote so you can sort of understand some of the things or get an idea of some of the things that I'm going to be acting out and I'm sure that most of you that haven't done your research into mythology won't know what I'm talking about but I'm sure you can still find meaning without without knowing the background conditions and then when you learn the background conditions that meaning refines and you get enlightened to a certain perspective but uh but these are all referring to stories that I have been able to identify myself within this is called the moon watcher O Diana, how I stretch my arm out to you every night But you can only look down upon your servant with pity I follow your brother Helios every day But your rumination glazes down upon me at the end of his reign As you take your place upon that throne How far must I walk? For Apollo, until you actualize your own blessings upon me, as you did with Endymion. Everywhere that I step I see suffering and hardships. I observe how our kind interacts with one another, and can easily compare it with representational understandings from the Aran age.

Are you yet again able to give us another start? Can we not again throw the bones of our mothers behind our shoulders?

Is a new golden age possible?

Who is it that I am following, dear Diana? Is Jupiter not my true god? But in every result, Bacchus has jumped out in front of me. I feel like I am Dionysus.

For I must pull the wool over everybody's eyes in order to persuade them to stand back and observe what it is that they are truly looking at. And in every step, people misjudge, and as a result, suffer the consequences of their errs.

Are all of you not metaphorically one? Have you not all both cursed and blessed me? I seek and I seek, and I find and I find, but I never find what I am looking for. In a world full of sleepwalkers, the awake struggle to communicate with the psalmambulant.

Or am I, like Endymion, merely sleeping while everyone else is awake? Have you, dear Diana, forced me into the eternal sleep of dreams, and not reality? If hope really is at the bottom of Pandora's jar, why can I only feel it and never experience its rewarding manifestations? Are all efforts not in vain?

Will I ever find the love that I so seek? Am I merely another cruel joke like that played upon Oedipius? Am I only playing out the role that you destined upon me? Your blessings seem like damnation.

You play with your pawn's body, mind, and soul for your own enjoyment. Am I nothing more than your entertainment? Why do you not take care of your own belongings? I still feel the recoil across my back from Zeus' destructive lightning.

The a priori parting of two pieces that were meant to be together burdens my body, mind, and spirit many of ours. Fisbee remains but an ideal hidden behind the wall. Am I not sculpting my ivory? How am I to continue to live as a withdrawn outcast?

How much did I cause and how much was caused upon me? How can I be any grander than who I already am without equally amazing individuals by my side? But at the end of every journey, the goat finds its way back to me, and I continue walking this planet alone, always coming back to you, dear Diana, for advice. Shall you one day bless me with the fatality of Pentheus?

You only torture me. Agave has already done her work on my mind. When will my body be next? I await your verdict, dear Diana.

Am I doomed to live out Cassandra's life of being misunderstood? I ask, what is true value?



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



Movies-The-Hearts-Chief-of-Police

At 11.42 last night, the 5th of January, 2013, there was a crime scene that I witnessed, not only with my eyes, but also with my camera.

And then this morning, I felt in my obligation to inquire whether these guys right here were interested in it. because there is a lot of things that are wrong with this picture even beyond the immediately obvious. But I have seen this happen all throughout my journeys where people that provide evidence like this end up getting seriously injured. So I had two demands when I walked in there And that was human decency for who they're speaking to and protection for those who would get experience the ramifications of releasing this footage.

But they did not care and ultimately ended up kicking me out because, of course, evidence into a major crime that could get out of hand even larger than it is um it's not important enough to you know sit down and speak to someone like a human for a little while um so that's what we do and uh and it's up to us we the people not these buffoons not these guys these guys don't do anything they're they're a front they make you think that they're doing something but they only respond after the fact because that's all they know how to do because they have no heart and it is this guy right here that's in control of these monkeys with typewriters uh so this is the guy that i asked for and this is the guy that they didn't want me to speak to obviously because they never want you to speak to someone important. All they have is their lowly orderlies there because they are the ones that decide whether or not someone is important and whether or not someone should be treated with human decency. And then they shed the dead skin, they think it's dead skin of those who are less than desirable, away from those who are important people. But you know what?

You do this and this is much better than going over to them because this is us, we the people, learning how idiotic we are and it's time to take our place back on the throne and remove Move those idiot policemen from it!



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



Movies-The-Theogony-4-Kids

Kronos, father of time, purifies the elements, and this enables Gaia, our mother, to flourish, and from her bones in which we threw behind us.

Let's start at the altar.

Cancer, find the queen, educate everybody.

She will give us another chance. How is one to educate themselves? How is one to educate themselves not only theoretically, but also practically? During this process, how is one to educate other people at the same time?

We will first mention Apollo, and his name is this in both Greek and Roman culture. He is the light that has provided me the tools to give you absolutely everything that you see before you. Hail, Apollo, and his father Zeus of the skies will be there for us to admire. His Roman name is Jupiter, of course, because he is the biggest.

and Hestia will provide us comfort at the hearth and we will warm our hands with the fire that she provides for us to accomplish the tasks that we have been given her Roman name is Vesta and we will not forget your queen dear Zeus For Hera, her Roman name's Juna, will give us many trials, and for very long periods of time, and even current, we will think she's against us. But, at the end of the day, we will realize that she is what provides us the ability to experience divine tragedies. For, without the malice that she brings within the world, we would never be what we are. Helgina, Athena, goddess of wisdom, you are very difficult to see, and we must look in certain ways and reflect in order to understand your presence.

Your Roman name is Minerva. We will always respect you. Thank you for the wisdom that you give to us in our day-to-day interactions. Poseidon. God, the waves, the trident. Your Roman name is Neptune. You throw us so many difficulties in life and we have to figure out how to react to your waves.

But if we frame our situation correctly, then you can be a friend and not a foe. Help Poseidon. Help Neptune. Aries. God murderous Mars.

You cause us many mistakes, but you also give us power. We will both fear and respect you, and if we stay on your good side, then we will be amazing warriors for you. Helmar's Ceres. For you give us the fertility to build upon solid foundations. We will grow into exactly what we are if we only utilize your soil. For it is the

only everlasting soil and upon your soil we will find Aphrodite for she is our tenth and with her we can remain protected from all of the ills of the world for our heart is the only thing that we care about hell Venus that's a Roman name. I cannot forget about Vulcan. That's his Roman name. Hephaestus. He is the one providing me the ability to capture this moment. Thank you Hephaestus for the technology that provides me the ability to do the work of the gods.

Hell, Hephaestus, Hermes, Mercury, music in my ears, the longing in my soul will always provide the comfort that my soul needs in order to continue the next step, and your results always end in new and better creations. For it is you, Hermes, that gives us the sound that allows us, enables us, to hear the beauty of the world, which really is only vibrational resonations, but for some reason it sounds awesome to us when we tune it in a manner that the gods appreciate. Hail Mercury. Beautiful Diana, that's her Roman name, she gives us reflections of the world that we live in. And these reflections appear both literally, metaphorically, and

allegorically. Diana's Greek name is Artemis. And absolutely everything that we interact with will be able to be interpreted in two reflections. And these These reflections are my queen.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



Movies-Tree-Of-Life

My name is Wendell Charles Nisman, and I live under the tree of life. I spend my life wandering God's beautiful creation.

Oftentimes, I get lost, but I am never lost.

Always scavenging through my species' remainings. and Minerva will send many angels I found this earlier today and have been trying to find who it belongs to and a few people have given me some clues but I just ended up getting it because we couldn't find who it belongs to so there's another one a Bundjalung Aboriginal elder just welcomed me to make home on his land I accept here's what Australia could become imagine there were multiple people that did this and they're all cool you know we meet each other up every once in a while and we share what we get. Be a good person. Wouldn't that be the life? This would be the

life. It's what I was built to do. I currently have to bring water back from town. But eventually I'll find a water source around here. Always getting these guys. You have to make sure

Make sure you get it right ahead and you gotta get it before you get it in your skin. It can do some damage especially multiple ones of them using my hair. This is where I sat when I thought up the meaning of life. So tomorrow I'm relocating my tent from there.

because you can see like you can see it a little bit like i've done a lot to make it where you can't but i've cleared away this space and i got a little bit more to clear before i put my tent there i gotta put it i don't know i need to spend maybe another two hours on the spot before i put my tent there and it's getting dark now so that's my task for tomorrow and as you see i got this tree around it here and i've been clearing away stuff and see i can use that tree there to then climb up down to that tree and then I'll be able to work in three dimensions.

It's just a little bit slower. Just a little bit. Here's my heart. Let me show it to you.

I just finished Living Neverland. The book. So when I pulled that tick out last night, I didn't get its head. It happens often because when you're only one person, you can't really ensure that you get as close to where you want to pull it as possible. If you feel it in your

hair, if you feel it on your scalp, then you're just going to pull it off because you got to get it off and you got to try your best to get the head, but you don't always get it like I didn't get it so I'm not sure how well you can see it but see it's created like a knot and it was worse last night but uh it's like right there my fingers pointed to the middle um but yeah that's the life they're not so bad you get used to ticks and at least your body does so it's more of an adventure and and used to like lots of ticks used to attack me, but now it's rare, and the thing is my body's tuned with it, so if I feel something crawling on my skin, then usually I catch it before it does anything, but a lot of times I'll, like, right when I feel it starting to bite, then I'll pull it away, but when I first started, you know, it was some old bit for a long time, and I never even realized it but I guess it's just a trick to the trade. I'm just going to show you what I've done. So here's the pathway like see I've been creating these paths this was just all overgrown and I've just been making paths and then all around but okay so we got the tent here which see it's kind of close to over there that's what I was trying to show you yesterday day um and you know that's what charges this and when the sun's good i can get solar um but so i come around here i'm moving this shortly see that's broken and i'm going i need another tent um this the string's not even in that uh it's just kind of held together uh but yeah okay so you go under here and see i've cleared all this so yeah i got water um which i'll obtain from going into town and eventually around here but but see I've done a lot of work on this ground and it's all soft now see I've cleared all this this whole area I pushed back all this is what nature told me it wanted to be right now so you know I got all this protecting and no one can see through this and and I might make my tent like it's kind of blue so I might like color it brown get some spray paint or something like that but still like this is a really good area you know i can make i can buy a cooker i can use a cooker i can clear out all the area and i can be like my little kitchen and i'll just have it opening up here and uh yeah it'll be fun it'll be good but there's still a lot to explore um through this weird life that has been handed to us and we always need to make sure that we're careful and do the right thing. This was a good spot to choose.

So comfy! Oh thank you Gaia, this is how we live it. See we can get solar power because when you dig for treasure long enough, so you gotta find like a good stick, see it's not very good, but pretty much you just got a bathroom, break it out, and things like that, you see I'm directing it towards there because then I can make the bathroom more private, but you see I'm going to open up this whole area right here, so then I'll have like here, I'll open up this later, so right here, lean to and have this and I guess this is like a dance floor but I'll keep this kind of quiet this area and then this area do what I want as far as my environment I'll put like a blanket you know over here and make a little door and then put another blanket like dark colors to make it like entry and I guess I'll try to keep quiet. I gotta be really quiet because if people hear me now we're getting some good solar energy should I say gold this isn't the easiest or cleanest topic to discuss but we need to know how to exist and we purify all things so what do you do you're a person living in the wilderness and you know you have waste so here's our bathroom the cameras and this other one's actually better quality okay so we come in here and you know you may it's more private like I'm going to close off that part. This part is pretty closed off. All this is going to be

borders, just like I did over there. But here we go. You just sit here. You pull your pants down. You just sit here. You let it go. And see this is a hole. And this is a really deep

hole. And all you do, you got this afterwards. And you just make it soil. So right after you go you know this it goes out pretty far and you know you just mix up the soil you know so right after you go you got soil straight away and the thing is is that this isn't a town this is like one person so like it's all it's really good you can really only do this if you're vegetarian see if you if you don't do that if you don't break it up yourself it takes a long time to decompose and the animals come after it and you don't want to do that so uh you know do it like that and it's and it's open and you can't smell it like it nature takes care of it straight away um like just you know one or two people that's really all you need and and that's you can just keep using that you know if i want to then grow things like i'm thinking of uh that spot i'm working on which is over there um but you know if i wanted to grow some foods and stuff they gotta move all this stuff and all i gotta do is kind of move it out to the borders um i guess this can be an entrance here uh into this area which is where i've been working on yeah you see i'll put all this out the borders here and and yeah this is really cool so this is all i need but see in australia this is this is not legal this is what you call squatting and i'm doing a bad thing of a bad person but they won't let you do this sort of thing like if you pay money because their money system is worthless these guys will just keep coming until we finish what we're doing you know all around here because we're upsetting what was their focus this camera so hard like I missed my other camera. This thing is so easy to make movies in. And this is how I bathe. I can either

charge this once per day for about an hour or once per two days for about two hours.

But with current technology, at least for another few years, I have to have a fixed device in order to get all my power from the sun. I'll have to keep on traveling looking outlets until then. Toner, Silver Star, cost $15, 10 holes, diatonic, it's C hearts. Bang.

Washing clothes is pretty easy. Being a citizen of a country requires that they provide you land to exist within. Without this condition met, there is no country. The harmonica has an amazing history that starts in China around the year 3000 BCE. And the emperor makes

a prototype but it wasn't developed until early 18th century in Germany by Hohner who then mass-produced it and then it became popular everywhere because you got like an instrument a fully functional instrument that spider webs see what you do with spider webs you take like a stick and you just go like You can walk with your stick too, so if there's a lot of spiderwebs around, then that spiderwebs will be gone.

So it then became popular in Europe, and then it became like a soldier's companion because, of course, you can fit in your pocket, and that means that you're on the move. so you can then have an instrument and I guess you get the blues from the heart, the soul the instrument of the soul because you know you can take it anywhere with you and a lot of times when people end up with only an instrument that you can hold in your hand we get instruments like this for a reason there's your history lesson see I gotta do a lot of work around here right because this side I haven't worked I haven't ever worked on this side before um yeah so I gotta work on this side eventually I'm gonna get everything I need I'm gonna have lots of water stored here and then I'm gonna have lots of food stored here I'm gonna have a cooker and you know I won't need to suffer anymore because I can just have everything that I need here and I don't have to even leave here and I I can play music quietly like I know how I learned from all this. I learned how to play it very, very quietly. And actually doing this makes you a better musician because you have to learn how the air flows into the instrument. I mean a wind instrument I'm talking about. You have to learn how the air flows

into the instrument. And if you can make something like a harmonica quiet and still blow into it right, then you're blowing really well. And whenever you have the possibility, the potential to play you know loudly then you're gonna do awesome. I want to raise a family like this but you would call that child abuse but I guess we're even because I call what you do child abuse. Do your thing prosophony. This is what we call the philosopher's room so I think

I'll put the cooker there to give you all angles so you're coming out here and see all this has been uncovered see that's where we came in it's a bit messier than because I shoveled all the leaves back there so I gotta clear that out a little bit later but you see I got this room right here I got a little bit more to do back there you can see it comes around here and it kind of is here i'll get rid of this thing it's like it's really thorny um but this is really good rope like once see it's like that brown thing like once the thorns are gone you can use it as a border and then things will stick in it um but but yeah so i'll clear out all this and wait for it you know um so that's the border and and you know you push back you know eventually like all the stuff will get pushed back and and that will create a fire break which is you know good for this tree um it will create you know natural borders uh so people won't be able to see anything you can't see in that um so then you know see i cleared all this ground you can see all this ground now i can stand on and this will be like clean enough to just walk barefoot um you gotta wait for the ticks and stuff see there's flies all around here Because I just cleaned this ground, I just cleared it. So you got this log, but here you see, there's my shovel, or my staff, or my scepter or whatever you want to call it. But then you got the entry here, here's my throne. So here's that.

And over there is my dance floor, where my tent was. So all that's clear too. And see, this is what we were talking about earlier. I still got to clear all this stuff right here for another room and put it back there.

I really only need to kind of use half this area, and the rest I'll make it just kind of cover me. I've got a lot of work over there to cover. But over here is kind of good. And I'm going to get camo tarps soon.

So all the places with color, I just put the camo tarp discreetly so no one can see. But you see, I can't see here right now, but there's the entry. I can just sit there and just think about what I'm doing, have some smokes, contemplate my next project that's going to save the world. I've got to clear all of this back, but now I've got my beautiful tree, the tree of life. I'm sitting with it. Okay, so I've got all

that back. See, I've got a lot of work there. Did you see all around there? All of this the room, see that whole area right there, the room, it's like a circle room, could be the round table room. So it's pretty appropriate, you know, you got the throne, and it's quarters,

and then you got the living quarters, and then you're going to have the exit, and then the dance floor, have a little bit of path, and then the bathroom is back there. Let's not forget about this. I gotta clear up all this. Then I'm sure I can make rooms or hangout spots all up there. It goes up high, but I can't see very high. I have to climb it one day.

I don't need the cooker here. I can put it somewhere else. Think about it. See? All we're really doing is cleaning up what's already there.

We are its gardener. Slide. Wee. Huge.

So I used this pipe cleaner and tied it on the end of this waterproof case. So now you can see that it can be tied to something. But the only thing is that it's going to be backwards, but I kind of do my stuff backwards anyway. I use three dimensions. So it's kind of cool and it kind of shows or sets up the scene for what it's going to be.

And really what I wanted to talk about is my ability to live like this. Like, why can't I use this? Like, you should give land to people who are going to make beautiful things with it. And to not do that isn't very nice at all.

To withhold that isn't very nice at all. And especially if you're not working with the employment systems that are given and to set people up to live lives that you can't obtain your basic necessities, and that's not cool, and that's what our governments do. They're actually coordinating this, so good job. And it sets people up to where once they get out of the system, they can't get back in, and the payments aren't ever enough to do something else.

Because living like this is hard, because if you don't have a cooker and things like that, then you have to get food. And it's an expensive lifestyle if you don't have a base where you can buy food in bulk and then cook it up whenever you want. It's difficult. So why can't I own a place like this?

Why can't, like, you know, if an option was available to do something like this, you know, I would have given everything to it. And if, like, you set me up on a, if I was in an employment path that I could, you know, obtain something like this, then, well, maybe that would give me kind of motivation to do that. And maybe you should give it to me while I'm working for it so I can use it and then work for it, too. It doesn't make sense what you're doing.

And, you know, like, so this whole area right here, I could make this into a beautiful community and invite open source teachers to come here for free and basically create good relationships and then they could find their own little tree or something like that around here and then do the same thing that I've done and it's just because of the ownership and who owns this land, I don't know and I've never even seen people walk by here one time there's a tractor that drove by and you know I can see cars if I walk out there for like three minutes or two minutes or something you know I can see some cars um and and every once in a while I hear people from far but they're being loud when I hear them and I'm a very quiet person um no one's ever noticed me here and the camo tarp that I'm going to get is going to be going over this whole area so I'll get just you know you can't you can't see and I'll keep continue to to build the borders so you can't see through but at the end of the day why do i want to live like that like should like i could clean up this whole area and make it beautiful and then people could know that i live here and i maintain this area and i would make it private still um where most people wouldn't know but then it like why would i want to live like that uh like i got the perfect setup right here this is everything i would ever want in my life and i could do many things with it if I owned it you know I could buy some some solar panels and then put them in the tree and then I could buy and I can make sure all these branches that are falling and stuff I would look after it I know the tree and I could dig down too so like I can make sure that it's not obstructing the tree and then you know get a room underground I could do many things with it I could see, like, maybe me and the tree could share water, and I could dig a well, or maybe I could get a rainwater tank. But, like, things like a rainwater tank, I could do that without other people. And then they would have to know I'm here, and then they wouldn't do that. So there's no way to do that.

And I can't carry big stuff here, so I have to continue to carry little bits and pieces and water until I get that thing full. You know, that's what I need to do, is I need to get that full. I need to feel secure in water. and uh and then food so the cooker and and then that's my basic necessities taken care of and i can just continue to look at this garden you know think like man should do you know look after the the creatures i mean day and night there's creatures that visit me uh and and we're in such a beautiful area so like why can't man live like this the government's not letting man live like this and i had to find this place to show you and i found this place like but i was on a mission then um so i just like that's when i made the meaning of life that's when i thought i thought of the meaning of life in this course i thought of everything i've done in this course in this uh in this area this tree under this tree i thought i thought of everything i've given you this is a sacred tree and it's taught me everything this is how we should be living life and we need to take care of our own waste and we need to make waste that is reusable and then we need to reuse that so then we don't have waste we're such a throwaway nation the world, we're mass producing things so cheaply that nothing lasts anymore but we need to learn how to mass produce stuff that lasts but the thing is that that's not profitable so we're all we're all going back to the dollar um so and and if i couldn't even buy this whole area why can't i just buy this tree you know this tree and all of the habitat that it's created it's created a separate habitat from all of that that's out there and i love the habitat and you know clean it up and i can make it a beautiful habitat but why why can't i do that what am i doing wrong what am i hurting um there's there's problems to not be able to do that and you know who's living the better life who's living the greener life and and you know who who does better for for gaia like really look at our earth we're we've destroyed her so much we just exploit her and exploit her and like she's not made to be treated like this she's made to be taken from and given back to like a cycle but it needs to be on an individual level not a collective level and when we like like use mass loads of research when we take a lot from her and then we give her nothing back like there's problems and we got to fix those mining's not good mining like we do it is not good if you want to mine then i've shown you how to mine i'm mining right now. This entire place was created with earth-made objects. There is no human-made

objects that were used to manipulate this environment. This is an entirely clean environment. This is the tree of life, and I really hope that this has been showing you and will continue to show you, this movie will continue to show you, true meaning, true value, what it means to live what it means to live like a a real person with heart like like how are you living now like how are you going to be living like what is it that you what type of life do you want what type of life is society telling you you want and with that like what are you being told something crawling around on me what are you being told and what's the truth find that out and you'll live like me. It's automatic. Anything that is not hostile towards you deserves to live and

you need to create your area to push out the things that you don't want. So that's why I'm using that to purify these new areas that I create so that the things that I don't want around me won't be there so then they can go live somewhere else. So that's what you need to make your area like and things like ticks and stuff like that you don't want them in your area once they're not in your area then then it's okay i like visitors when they mean no harm and i get a lot of them ants are cool if they're not biting you leeches get away from you um so collect them like if you get leeches this area i haven't seen many leeches uh you know i don't know all the different things that are bad like I'm still learning about poisonous stuff and and then what's health what you can eat and what's good for you and how to create a balanced diet I'm going to be growing a lot of different veggies um or produce like I don't know exactly what I'm growing yet I'm going to let the tree tell me um the tree is going to tell me all things it's going tell me what to do with this place and and how it wants to exist and that's what we should be doing is looking at nature because it is what supports us and then we should work for nature it's backwards what we got now get off your lazy boy my other camera is so much better I gave it away for $50 and a ride to this town I made a lot of progress today so I'll show you okay so I closed up this path right here and once you open up a path it's so easy because these are all just leaves like these are so easy just to with a stick or something to just scrape to the side whichever direction you want it to go okay I'll I'll show you the bathroom, see I've cleared, I made, started making the wall like I told you I would earlier, from all the crap that's been coming down this way, and other parts, like new parts are opening up, see I'm thinking about where I can grow stuff to, and I'm going to be looking at what to grow as the seasons change, because I want to grow at the right time and I want to look at the moon phases doing that too. So I got like a wall there, a barrier, a bit of a barrier there, but I haven't decided yet what to do with that because if you can see, like all that stuff, it can come up so it can be moved.

But right now it's good. Okay, so I've been working on this wall a little bit from some of the stuff that I get over there. I've just been throwing it here. This is the one that this is the dance floor and as you can see like over there we'll see it in a sec but it had a big log that I could move so I just moved it right there it's really heavy really heavy so that's a wall backing so tomorrow probably the day after I wind up sweeping all those leaves back there out and and then working on that wall that border this border is really good so you can't see anything if I can make you know all around me like this and that combined with the camo tarp that I'm gonna be purchasing it's gonna come from the UK though I'm purchasing it tomorrow then maybe we'll get somewhere but as you can see I've opened up this whole area so you got multiple ways to get around now and look at this see okay so imagine what could plant so this isn't the royal room but this is the one that the royal room planned us in i did a little bit of work on the chair tomorrow i'll fix it up i'll show you see see all that stuff like that that all has to go um and and back there too i want to circle around the tree and have a bit of an area around that but i'm pretty much done with most of my areas. As you can see, look at all this room here. This is good

soil, really good soil. You can see that I'm barefoot. You can do that once you start to know the environment and know that there's nothing bad. Also, I wouldn't walk on leaves and stuff like that, but bare soil, that's cool. I've been doing that. I've been making

barrier here and see I'm just gonna go out and just around the tree and then I'm gonna I'll clean up the stuff around here to make it nice but I'm gonna keep most of it like it is for now because I'm not supposed to be here and as we come around I do so we got here's the philosophers chair the throne the royal room as you can see now the throne is an en suite to my tent to my room it's my room now that's for the possums sometimes they move in they get friends and I'll feed them a little bit if I have it but you got to show them who's boss otherwise they'll boss you around so that's what I got to do tomorrow I got to move all that up and have this little area but we'll see that and and then oh you can see this see what i did was this is really heavy i couldn't pick this up but um but what i did do so it was in the ground like right here and i picked it up from below here um and then pushed it back there and that pushes back the vine too i don't mind the vine um but just not just in places where it won't be pricking me um so yeah that's what we've gone up to um you know just for a point of reference again oh can you even see it can i hear it i can't even snake skins uh it's there somewhere and peace brother and i just want to mention like since I've been here that's all the rubbish I've collected like it's not it's not even half full and I've been here for like two weeks something like that so back back here for like two weeks so it's so stupid like yeah how much rubbish do you generate and see this is a lot of rubbish too because I don't want to generate this much because I want to I kind of want to recycle my stuff but see I need to do this until I get set up here and if I can get set up here, you know, it sustaining me, then I wouldn't have to worry about rubbish, because I would be recycling, you know, this is how creation works, and what we're doing now, that's not how it works.

This movie is a musical in all aspects.

It is the first of many that you will receive, but it is setting the stage. you will see the music that you understand shortly take it as note one because when you create a life philosophy built upon solid foundations their results will speak for themselves earlier I said I was pushing all this crap down to create borders kind of funny cuz I was looking at the bathroom but I did it but I want to take that back because it's not crap it's all it's all good and it's just misplaced and we have to find order and it's disorder so we have to organize what God has gifted us with and and we come from the earth so we got to go from the ground up so like stuff like that like that that's just gold and we're gonna get that look all up there wow there's a lot of it so I can use all that it's all good we just gotta find out where it belongs I study a lot um that's what I do with my time right now I'm taking a course on understanding music and what I do that I I download courses from the teaching company and I download courses from other places too but the teaching company is my primary source and they have really good courses on a lot of different topics and why am I so smart? Well it's probably thanks to the teaching company but saying that like sorry guys I had to pirate all your stuff to be able to you know thanks for the knowledge it was free to me and it should be free to everybody and I thank you very much for enabling my brain to do this because I can take one of your courses in two or three days and although I'm not doing any work, all these thoughts are going through my head and I'm making sure I'm at least comprehending the base of the topic and then as I walk, as I do all these things, then I'm always thinking, thinking, thinking and you know, how has this become this, well, I'm always here, so I'm always looking at it. Like, why do I not have much stuff? It's because I'm kind of obsessed with the stuff I do have, and it has to all be

organized, and I have to see it, and like, I'm a neat freak, but no one ever noticed because I'm different. I'm different than people. I just have to do it my own way. That's why I couldn't do any of these education systems, and the teaching company did inspire me a lot in how I did these courses. And also my degree at Murdoch, that was online too,

so I was downloading lectures too. So I got to compare quality and the teaching company has taught me so much more. And the thing is with Murdoch, none of their teachers practically applied anything anything that their heart said they just well it doesn't thank you the teaching company that's what i have to say to you like if if you're gonna you know take me to court for becoming really smart because of you and not paying you a dime then i still thank you like i don't care about that i don't care about money everybody can take me to court everybody take me court it'll be fun. I'll have a good time. This guy is huge. I'm gonna get him out of my tent.

Not that way. Did it work? I think it worked. Tick bites take a long time to heal so be extremely careful. About to take a course on how to grow anything in the heart. Beautiful things,

always getting abandoned i still got another day or two to work on this but i've taken all the area that i want i gotta move this log here back and so i can comfortably move around the tree

but i got all the spaces that i want there's a lot of things i can do with them and it's mainly taking the center of the tree and enclosed with these big logs. It's not a little dirty. Not easy doing this. You know, in like a real world with like real people, you know, that actually, you know, breathe with their heart, um, they would actually have help because they would actually have friends because they wouldn't be fucked up like everybody else do.

unfortunately in this world people like me don't get friends but what people like me do get in this world is everyone taking advantage of me until they get tired of me and then throwing me in their garbage disposal that's powered by coal Darcy Goodwin might have died, but his legacy will always live on. What you eating there? It's a wallaby. I just need to get past.

Sorry to upset your meal. I'll see you later. Yesterday it got to 42 degrees, and today it got up to 43, so it's been really hot. hot and it's been really hot for like maybe two or three weeks now but it's been really hot for like i mean we're in australia so you gotta learn the scene learn what we're dealing with hey i got my shirt off i wonder why well it's freaking hot and if you look like around you know people manipulate their own comfort to integrate into the environment and and when it and 43 degrees is over 109 so you know like you gotta look at what you're dealing with and I'm not talking about dry heat too like it's freaking humid today and a lot of the times and then what happens here like we're in rain forest area so so like you'll get really really really hot and then I'll just piss down with rain for a while and then I'll now cool it down and not always sometimes it doesn't it but most of the time it does at least uh relieves the humidity a little bit it was so hot today that this would not even charge but it's okay because i got like 80 percent i've been charging it that's from yesterday and the sun from yesterday mung beans holding it on my mouth now dark overnight that'll work right there lentils not exactly perfect conditions to grow them but I didn't know that when I got them and at the end of the day I want to try them out anyway and the next seven days is that forecast is accurate um gives them at least a chance to start growing and whether they grow or not because I got a lot um I got a lot of different things i'm going to be growing i'm going to be growing things uh from produce too so things that you get at just the supermarket um you got to realize that a lot of these things you can break apart and and use them uh to grow other things and people don't do that people don't even realize um and i've never been able to do it because i've never been situated long enough somewhere because because no one America nor Australia would let me do this so let's have fun and grow a lot of stuff and fail a lot and at the end of the day we'll succeed and this place is going to be this place is a thean and I am the third Adam this one I'm determined to grow and I'll do that tomorrow because it only needs 30 minutes of soaking okay here's a trick with mosquitoes I'm kind of sitting awkward to show you this but okay so see he's there sucking on blood and I go oh I feel him there so I'm just gonna tense up that spot right and now he's like oh oh I can't get out what do I do what do I do can't get out what do I do what do I do oh no and that's how you get revenge on a mosquito always try to buy organic a lot of the stuff you get at the supermarkets is hybrids so they don't work out very well when you grow them so if you like buy like organic stuff from good sources then that is fresh which good sources would be pretty fresh anyway then um you got a lot better chance of whatever it is you're using to grow and it's better to do that anyway because a lot of the food scraps that you have you can grow you know use your backyard look at my backyard i'm gonna use it all he's back this time not in my tent I haven't taken the grow anything course yet so let's play games your daughter has done her thing and now dear series it is time for you to do yours. Dear God, whether or not this crop works out, please bless its soil. It's

awesome. This camera's not very good with night. He's black. I'm gonna call him Black Mountain. He's been coming here every night. This camera is really hard. He's

thinking of moving in. I got a bandicoot that's doing the same thing. I'll get him some food. I like friends. Can we eat that bread, dude? Black Mountain. The bandicoot is over here

somewhere, but he likes out there. And see these possums? These are really good to have around because they eat ticks. What happens is the ticks go on them and they eat them their stomach acid kills it really really well so they're really good to have around the bandicoots kind of attract ticks but but saying that they're really good for the garden because they eat aphids

you can hear them like see i only like to go in my area at night because there's lots of ticks and stuff that are out there and uh it's really easy like it's so comfortable like this area right here at night. The only time it's not is when there's a mosquito. Can we get a picture together? The camera can't see it.

I like my other camera so much better, but I like this one because it's in the iMovie and I just do it all right here on the device. There we go. It's much better. I like Black Mountain.

I can call him Blacky for short. It's cute. I haven't ever lived with a black possum before. It's more unique and cool.

he said like he hasn't been this friendly with me it took him a while you know they have to see you for a while that's in there your mannerisms learn them and then they're cool with you I wonder if I'll get this bandicoot somewhere somewhere around here this is my rock band forensics it was broken into the burglar couldn't get out the money so he got a couple slushies I love these things especially great great fun favorite of all time love it next week this was not supposed to be in this movie but it was on my heart I do not like any of you you are all brainwashed you all destroy our environment and everything in it and act like I'm the one that has a problem you are going to see my wrath and you know what I'm just gonna give my entire life doing this for you for free give it all to you give my heart all to you and you know what just live in this wonderful paradise that i created for myself that that mother nature created for me to take care of what you guys aren't doing so you know what you're gonna see a lot of wrath from me and i'm gonna do it in my own artistic way so whatever and you know like i'm just gonna do it however i feel like I'm, I'm upset, entirely upset with the entire human race, and you're all pathetic creatures, you're weaklings, you, you have, I'm glad I'm only half of what you are, and you know what, when, when I shed this decrepit body, I'm going to be glad to leave it because you are all pathetic, you're, you're human existence, fuck it. I do not have a single person in my life who treats me with respect.

What do you think that will do to a person over an entire lifetime?

We're losing time. It's 18 minutes slow.

I just said it. I just recently purchased it. Actually, I bought a shaver. I can't breathe in the shaver.

I spend my life hiding from humans and looking for animals.

Is there something wrong with that picture?

There is not a single worthwhile investment that humans will allow me to do. They want me to sleep on the side of the streets. In actual fact, they want me to commit suicide. And not one of them can tell me what I've done wrong.

I've done nothing wrong. Society just likes to punish good people.

I am here to bring fire and brimstone despite my minor errors.

They'll all be resolved eventually. Remember, I am new at this. The antichrist is born when man creates it. It's the number of a man. You assigned me this number. And because you did it without offering me an escape from the miserable life that you forced upon me, none of you will be saved.

And if your children don't listen to my words, neither will they.

And if that's the case, you can say bye-bye to your species. It sucks anyway. You gotta... don't eat it.

It's not good for, you know, us. I wonder why I'm censored everywhere I go.

And it is irrelevant whether I'm controversial or not. I didn't start out controversial. you made me like that la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la it's harder with him doing it without friends no one would choose to live though he had all other goods aristotle that's my heart every time i get on social networking platforms i get made fun of and persecuted people aren't nice to me nowhere i go in real life or on the internet my day-to-day life consists of looking for people to talk about important subjects no one in this world talks about important subjects not even philosophers fuck you what am i supposed to do i don't have anyone in this life i don't what do you want me to do like i wanted to legalize assisted suicide and i went to canberra to try to do it and i was laughed at ignored went to parliament house and tried to do it and got that on film and song of wind and then i tried to do a lot of stuff that would get you guys to kill me and that didn't work either so like i'm i'm illegally here and no one wants to talk to me and everybody hates me and like i have to live well i like living like this i want to live like this but i'm not allowed to live like this like what do you why don't you just end it you can't treat people like this and expect them to not retaliate it's all a cycle towards the end of each production i start to get depressed because i realize that hey the reality is i'm still entirely alone in this world and once i finish it i'll end up being melancholy for a while and usually end up getting high and then thinking of an amazing production i could do and then doing that but not being depressed anymore because my mind's occupied but then towards the end of that production or book or whatever type of media distribution that I was inspired to do the same thing will happen it's all a cycle this is the cycle of my life and every single production you get you're gonna get like lots of really quality content but this is the way it goes but humans are only gawkers you would not believe how many people have seen my work how many people know who I am and a lot of people that watch it regularly how many friends do you think I have how many friends do you think I obtain from fans how many good people are left on this earth his name is Wendell and Ashley it's so awesome to automatically reap the souls of your fans high-five speaking of song of wind to be continued my animal friends don't want to talk about important subjects either but at least that doesn't stop them hanging around me all people want to ever do is move me on or get me to work on their stuff for them and then move me on at least I'm accepted in the animal kingdom humans aren't even worthy of being in that kingdom and and the funny thing is is like homo sapien means like wise one Oh, terrible. Do you want to know why everybody's cruel to me?

Because they don't care about what I'm saying. They don't want to listen. They want to judge before they understand. They don't care to understand.

They likely know that they don't understand. They just want to be cruel people. That's the world we live in. That's the truth.

Do you know why people don't like me? Because they like to be lazy. And I can't do that. So when I'm doing stuff, they feel bad.

And they don't want to be around me because of that. And that causes me to be homeless.

Ironically, they are employment material. And not me. I have applied for over 11,000 jobs in this country.

Do your math. You create your antichrist, suffer it's consequences, let's experiment. when i can afford it this is how i rectify wanting to kill myself if you have a problem with it go fuck yourself and after I breathe it in I turn that breath into laughs and this enables me to laugh at the disgusting and then mother's most beautiful herb will provide me with an equivalent cadence you have to really connect with the music and by the time you finish you will no longer need to copy music for your heart will make its own throughout my journeys I have had many stupid people ask me if I can make them a famous singer well now I can I just gave it to you and I will be the first example to put this theory into practice watch me shine world I found the first human droppings this is how you can detect humans they don't look like anything that any animal I have seen would produce it's the first here so maybe someone had a beer under this tree and I don't blame them I only blame them for leaving it here but I can reuse it and I'll leave it around and contemplate over a while of what I could do with it maybe I can make some lemon and century citronella oil and leave it out so the mosquitoes aren't as bad okay mosquitoes aren't really bad for like two hours between like seven and nine maybe a little bit less than that but it's good after that. There's a lot of ways to detect humans they always make a lot of noise whether it be talking to each other or just making random noise they're always making lots of noise so you know be quiet when you hear lots of noise that they're making. Lights, humans aren't good without lights so they

always need lights and and humans tend to stick with other humans so that's something you got to be cautious of. They're a retarded race. I feel sorry for them. As far as ticks, try to make paths so they can't attach to your clothes from the higher grass and when you do get them medically you're supposed to pull them out with tweezers and medically they warn you against suffocating them But I'm going to tell you just the opposite because I've had a lot of experience with this and until doctors get over 80 tics on them and are alone and get them on their scalp and all throughout, I'm going to stand by this is you should suffocate them.

because when you suffocate them they'll then pull out but the doctors say oh when they pull out they put they inject toxins in there okay so but but if you pull them out then with tweezers then most of the time like their their bits their biting bits get stuck and and even if they don't it's still bad like I don't know what doctors are talking about but I'll show you so like okay so this right here that was like a week ago i don't know i showed it to you maybe like five days ago or something and and that was pulling it out with tweezers um and i pulled it out within probably five minutes of getting bit uh but this guy right here was probably about the same he got suffocated so look at this this was just yesterday and and it never got bad like um because i went swimming and it suffocated it and and uh there there's like a little bit of a pus thing that i just squeezed out like like that and the pus came out and it never hurt or was irritated or itchy or anything like that and um and that's the same like the the ticks that i i suffocate because i've been using lots of different methods to try to figure out you know pulling it doesn't work especially on the scalp with one person it's just too hard suffocated and and you know what your body will build all the immunities it needs in addition like you know yeah they they carry a lot of diseases but but we need to be immune to these things because we live in their environment and and to actually get exposed to it will make you a stronger person you can suffocate them with any oil based products that includes creams and things like that and so you can like just look through what you have and i'm sure you have something that you can just dab on top of it to cover them and then maybe put a little bit of toilet paper over it so they can't crawl out so and they'll or some type of cloth or whatever i mean you can even hold it for 10 or 15 minutes and they'll retract and eventually just die because they'll have nowhere to go. Ticks, a lot of people are scared of ticks. Like everybody I know, oh, it's a tick. Ticks are terrible.

But see, I've been spending a lot of time learning about ticks. And the thing is is that they're not bad as long as you get them out like pretty much straight away or pretty close after they bite you. It takes them at least, you know, four hours. I've read a lot of different things about it.

But, you know, the minimum that I've read is four hours for any, like, harmful toxins to be injected into you. And most places say between 24 and 48 hours. So you should just be aware of your body, like what's crawling on you and what's on you. And if you live in a tick-infested area, then you should be checking, you know, regularly.

And, you know, every time it happens, then you'll learn something new. and eventually you'll set yourself up so when it happens it's just automatic and it won't make you suffer uh things like this things like this that'll make you suffer things like that that won't who cares like you gotta learn to live within the environment and that's not the cement one that you're presented to upon birth sad ticks are little tiny wusses if you only learn to understand them And yes, they may carry a lot of viruses and diseases and not be very clean at all. But if you think about it, you know, we say, oh, they're parasites and they require us to live. Well, you know, how much living organisms do they carry too?

So, you know, they're an environment to like so many different other organisms that are out there. So before you, like, think poorly of any species just because of what it does to you, you should think about what it's doing to the surroundings. You know, it's carrying all that DNA, all the genetic makeup for countless amounts of different life forms that are within our environment that maybe one day we can learn how to use to our benefit. it. But we have no right to destroy that. We do have a right to make it where it's not

in our day-to-day lives. That's where we work it out of the system. So I go around and I rake everything and I clean everything and I push things to the side, get walls set up and then I try to make a path and then try to use the same path again and again. And over time these things won't be a problem. So we just got to learn how to push it out

of our lives instead of killing them all and and I know like even the chemical pesticides and stuff like that they're so tempting and you know like even when at the store when I look at it I go pesticide but no we can't do that we gotta live with what we have and and to just do that I mean that's a cop-out and and nature doesn't like that let's put chemicals on on things just to destroy it because we don't like it like if you don't like it figure out a way to naturally remove it from your life and not go you must release them open source okay so I got cane toads but I want to tell you that cane toads are awesome because they eat lots and lots of mosquitoes both toads and frogs are very good to get rid of mosquitoes and other types of flying pests it's so big it's like it's starting to rain now too yay finally so cute yay rain since this is my PhD thesis my degree will be slightly different. I just opened these and I just received a message to pull the top card. Because the Performing Arts Department of Open Source University has just been created through this PhD thesis, I gotta go beyond what the undergraduate program is and if you want to reflect what I'm doing then that will obtain you your master's but this will obtain me my PhD once I get nine undergraduates under my belt but this is the thesis for it and you can you know you can go into the philosophy side which is all the others or theater, you know, like I'm creating a lot of different departments so you can earn your degree in a lot of different ways. So far, this is the second, but as different topics open from really what the core of everything, which is our heart, I'll open other pathways too, so you don't have to, you know, if you want to do that area if you're not interested in that area then you can do another one but to be honest you'll probably get led to that anyway because this stuff that i'm doing you get obsessed with it um so the this is one of the decks i'm going to be using and this is 78 cards uh so the deck that i showed you um from the screenshot earlier is what i'm trying to get uh off ebay but they don't want to post to P.O. boxes so I'm trying to figure out you know how I

can get it because that's going to be another deck I'm going to be using so like under as an undergraduate you only have to have one deck but but I'm going to have three so I have this one the mythology one and then I have to create one so that's the third one is I have to create one so that's the way that I'm gonna work it so I got you know I guess 78 cards here of 78 songs in my own world that I can I can you know attach the meanings to and then I got 54 that will be coming from this mythology deck and then I'm gonna be creating my own which is gonna be 54 because I'll just use a standard deck because I want this to appeal to everybody and you can use these types of cards in a lot of different ways. There's a lot of different games that we can create. We're pretty smart people and this is a really good one that will make you brilliant. So the way I have to do this mythology deck though is the songs have to be related with the stories, the mythology stories and so I can't just do characters because that's where a lot of our stuff has gone wrong is is the images are just a character so you just you know got you just have Poseidon with his trident or something like that and and we really miss what it is that we're we're talking about we need the stories behind that to back up those meanings so I gotta put some of these stories into artwork so I gotta probably find an artist I'll probably find a good artist that I like on Fiverr or something and and pay them five bucks to make a card and and all they got to do is you know design it graphically and and eventually I'll be able to put all those together into a into a format where I can then print those cards and then sell the the printed cards so like that we build our career in a lot of different ways and a lot of things that these things that I do i'll give you for free and then some of the content or some of the parts later i can then combine in certain ways and and then charge for it um so the this is the fruits of our labor um the core of you know what it is we're doing the core of our heart is free and and the fruits that the people want that come from it as a result of the core, then we can try to make a living off of. But the thing is this takes time to set up and we can't force people to live lives

that they can't do until they set this up. So we've got to help people to be able to set up systems that can sustain their own lives. The government tries to make you dependent on them. Like, you know, given a little bit more time here, you know, I can make this place like almost 100% sustain me. Like, I'm close. I'll be close. I'll be really close. So, like, but why

does the government not want me doing this? And why does the government discourage people to do this? Why doesn't it make this like a viable option to live? You know, this is beautiful.

this is paradise I live in paradise yeah so that's my game and it'll be fun and it'll be really interesting to to see how I'm going to evolve as a musician in order to because I gotta learn all the songs that are closest to my heart and then I have to and then so I'll develop my style doing that and I'm telling you this is going to take a long time this is a really long project and and then you know I gotta make songs about the stories but you know how I make my stories they have to be real and then I gotta get artwork and then tell the artist like what I want in the stories and and what I want conveying and stuff like that I just gotta find a good artist and I don't know it's fine this is really fun doing this and and you know that there's gonna be so much stories behind that deck so if you like manage to like if anybody knew the story behind the deck there'd be a lot of people that wanted the deck and then the deck would be a really cool deck and it could be used in a lot of different ways and it definitely will it will tell the stories I mean this this is prophecy this is prophecy and it'll be fine like read read the Bible it tells you what's happening what's like it's gonna be a lot of people like me so just wait for it we won't be lonely soon scratch using fiverr that's my test i have to learn how to draw or maybe use software to turn scenes i set up into something else that would be cool i love cartooning my world will of tronos is magic use all of our resources to understand ending a song midas before when you create your card game don't be afraid to modify it as it evolves the degree's only requirement is that 54 of those cards can't be your own you have to learn from people who know before you will know okay I see you come in here and come in turn back to me and you flip the camera and now you got that you can set up a target there but to be honest I just want to use this dead wood to train with. This is my little training area so got all this area here like relative and here's the Philosopher's chair, I marked it, this is a cheaper mosquito coil, so it didn't mark as good as the other one. And this is where, right here, is where I'm growing the beans, which they should come up soon, maybe in a week or two, and uh, yeah, I opened all this area out here too, and then the toilet is there, and see it's all open now, because it's all been pushed out. This is where I grew the other beans, here, the dance floor, and then you can come around here, and there's the toilet, so I got all the walls, you can see, like, see the toilet wall that I was talking about before, like, it's all there, so here's the property, and here's what I'm working with, and it's done now, like, and it's all comfortable, and, you know i'll get all these like it's still i still got you know stuff it's still stuff is still coming out but soon this place will be completely clear like the more i use it when you start to use something for a while um then it all it all basically molds into the person using it for example there were no paths here so you know since i've been here i've been getting lost a lot but but then finding out knowing where knowing the area knowing my way around and then making a path so after i knew the area well then i made a path and that means that then ticks um ticks aren't a problem on that path or are they're they're not going to be soon um i mean the path is there and now i just gotta you know squash down as i walk i just you know push just to the plants to the side so that's like how you do it yeah so I'm set up here and I can go up there too and this movie's almost done and I'm sorry it's been long but there's a lot of things I needed to show you so I hope you enjoyed it I first found this place in January 2012 and I had nowhere else to go and what I started doing was just walking through the bush and the thing is it was turning dark and I had nowhere to go so I didn't I was being led by nothing I didn't even have a light on me that was working so I kind of ended up crawling into this space over here where the dance for like none of this was here and and I kind of you know just came from out there and ended up here and and see this had like this tiny area that was kind of not it was just leaves and uh and I spent like just a tiny bit of time cleaning it up and I just went to sleep I had to go to sleep um it was completely dark and I didn't have anything to protect me ended up waking up with a tick on my chin and i had a full beard at that stage uh and i had no money to get a shaver my friend actually loaned me a little bit of money so i could get a shaver um which was awesome but that's that's how i ended up here and then i eventually got a tent and the rest is history kuno we'll see soon i can't do that i gotta be better that was the first night But over the next two, I was attacked by what the doctors think was a swarm of tick larvae on my scrotum foundations.

I declared war on Australia, an independence year for kids.

And this is my first land grab.

Victory! You take it from me? I'd like to see the outcome of that.

People protect what they love. The flag marks the foundation of a Thedon.

Welcome to my paradise. It could be yours, too.

But in order to get it, you've got to stop being mean to each other. And you've got to listen and try to understand what other people are talking about. And you can't steal land from people. And you can't exploit our Earth.

And then, let's live in paradise. Let's live in our utopian society.

The one that we just created for ourselves.

I traveled from here to Canberra, my nation's heart. In attempts to figure out how to live this lifestyle legally, I was told by countless government officials that it is not allowed.

I wonder why.

Do your math.

201 and then I can make my own custom deck.

Welcome to my new life.

Everything I planted is doing amazing. so here's to lima beans i'm just going to grow everything i get my hands on noodles yay i'm going to have an abundance of everything that i grow do you want to trade okay this one's called pin the snake and the way we do it we got 12 kunai and we gotta aim for three different snakes that we set up and if we pin it with so we got four each so we got three snakes we got four four four and if we pin it then we win but we got twelve and we got three to pin so let's see how I just did and here's the test so okay let's pull let's see see this snake got away okay so i lost that one okay so here's the next one all right so oh look that guy did good that guy got right in it all right so i penned one snake all right so here here's another okay all right yeah see right there i got that guy so i got two out of three snakes there and the further back you do it i've been doing it from like about here further back you do it the better you are at it. So keep that in mind. I'm giving you a degree in martial arts plus martial science, a bit of both. And only those who are perceptive are going to receive that degree.

And only those who watch all of my stuff will be the ones that will mentally be able to pursue that degree. My next project will be called Dear Ashley, and each episode of the project will be a card, which will be a song. It will be titled after the song. So that's 201 episodes for three decks but there are four seasons so each season will have a different deck and that's the new tv show and each song is going to talk about a lot of feelings and I'm going to professionally perform the song too and I'll explore the feelings that the song brings up and while doing that i'll teach what what ashley needs to know her name is ashley with the y chromosome yay i love beans i'm a grazer and can just cook up a pot of beans and then eat it throughout the day and when they grow i can eat them fresh too just graze on them and they're doing well they're getting big as you can see and i've also learned how to bend notes which is a pretty big feat for the harmonica and this is the coolest thing i've ever had in my life it just folded up and then i opened it and just like that and as you can see i'm using my other tent as foundations for it so there's more ground covering it's good I've been playing the harmonica for a few months now and I've obtained a few harmonica so I've never had the need to bend and F sharp's missing on the C harmonica and eventually that kind of got me to want to get the chromatics but But with the right air pressure I can make any harmonica a three scale chromatic.

So I'm just learning about this now. Last night I spent the whole night learning to bend and now this morning I could bend all the notes beautifully. And now there's overblow, and overblow is supposed to take players a long, long time to learn. So I'm going to learn it very, very quickly.

I'll show you how. And I want to tell you that this is a lot easier for me because I've had to be quiet. Oh, there's a kangaroo. You want to see the kangaroo?

It's a wallaby. I don't even think you can. Here's my wall. I made it pretty good so you can't even see the wall it'd be very well it's pretty bordered though but uh people humans were so capable creatures and with the internet and and electronic information we can unlock our brains to do amazing things and the reason I can do these air pressure changes very quickly just by learning the theory about it it's because I've had to be quiet here so because I've had to be quiet that means that I was kind of forced to learn how to control the pressure of the harmonica from the beginning stages and and that made me where I can reach all the notes and I and I'm telling you I'm gonna get this ever blow really shortly after I'm gone the turtle always wins the race water cakes up here so it's no good to me but I found a homeless guy to give it to so it is this vine that actually gave the habitat to this area you can see that what it's done like I've ripped them all down you can see or not all of them will take ages but uh yeah you can see up there you see it just wraps around absolutely everything and then it pulls it down and that causes the branches to die and uh and then fall off and then i'm able to quickly say you gotta be careful i've I've gotten poked a lot and it hurts, so there's a certain stage of its maturity, you can see that's kind of prickly right there, but you see those aren't, like every once in a while there's a prick there, so it depends on its age, but I'm just using that now.

I came to the core here, the center, and I got one path there, and then I'm wrapping it around all the trees. So I'm going to take care of all the trees here, and I'm going to let the vine take over all around me. So that's its new setup. But most people go, you know, oh, vine like this, and even kind of like me at first, you know, like, hey, that's a pain.

i gotta i get hurt a lot especially when i'm starting out doing all of this um so you gotta go well look at what it did like i wouldn't be standing here right now if it wasn't for this vine so even though i'm going to cut that and and change it all uh i'm going to the vine's done wonders and i'm going to use the vine but it's all about using it and not allowing it to take over so you just gotta control what's chaotic how about this for thought experiment

what if you spent all of your time invested in the things that you were most interested in while also learning how to sustain yourself and your environment without hurting anything around you what if we gave it our all to not repeat the same mistakes as our parents come on connect to the grid. You have an entire lifetime to either abolish this or this. Choose your destiny. Which choice will harvest our water? So until the next song, Heartbeat.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



Movies-Welcome-to-Open-Source-University

Open Source University is a comprehensive education system designed to replace all of our previous ones. It is for every age, every race, and every ethnicity, independent of language spoken. It is an immersive, practical demonstration of Kant's enlightenment, applied the way that Plato intended the Academy to exist. It has been, is, and will continue to be uncorrupted by the greed of man.

It is not, nor will ever ask any money from you, you, its student. It is the life mission of one man in order to bring you a sustainable education system. But do not let this deter you because it is from a genius who teaches you how to also become a genius.

Uno. What is a polymath? You will soon become one, so I will not have to answer that question. Open source university is an academic achievement that far outweighs anything that man has ever released to the public.

It releases a method of education not created by man, but by gods. It was created to nurture their counterparts until they are ready to take their place on the throne as the demigods that they are. It does not encourage conformity because that necessitates approval for your despicable society. It teaches theory while practically applying it both in real life and on the internet.

It'll go bang. It has been specifically designed to teach your children how to rebel against you. Its interface is intuitive, so much so that even a young child could use it.

And over time, they will begin to understand subjects that you would never be able to comprehend. because when we obtain power for free we remove the need for greed because as long as we stay greedy we will never achieve this and we must learn how to to ethically technology so that your children do not become you.

Because we need to learn how to avoid brainwashing. Choice this weekend. This isn't a choice between two people. It's a choice between two different futures for Australia.

A choice between a government that invests in our people and builds our economy for the future. I've shown you how much they invest in their people. Or a party that slows it down by making cuts to services and cuts to jobs and cuts to practically everything you could point a stick at. You can help.

Yeah. By volunteering to convince people to donate or donating yourself. We know huge numbers of people make up their minds about how they'll vote at the very last minute. That's why we need as many people as possible staffing the poll leaders on election day.

Give money. And with your help, we can do this. we can convince other people to give money open source university has and will always remain free from human intervention this means that there will be no paid advertising nor deals or partnerships with corrupt businesses that's all of them the only advertising performed will be results from the teachers needs which will be both positive and negative they will include their experience attempting to do what needs to be done for their productions And because of the world we live in, only few businesses will make the cut to reflect positively in any of the teacher's work.

Because good publicity requires good business ethics, and there are none with those. This is the truth.

Tick-tock, tick-tock, tick-tock, tick-tock, click-click, click-click, click-click, click-click, ding-dong, ding-dong, ding-dong, ding-dong. Langoliers, Langoliers, Langoliers, Langoliers.

This is how we map the constellations.

Unlocking all tales.

Go ahead, earn your degree. here is the bachelor's program at open source university its accreditation is determined by the quality of its graduates I am its first graduate here Here is the curriculum. Thank you.

of open source university students graduate with this.

Seven. Now it's time to unleash hell on my enemies.

That's all of you. That's zero. At least Ecker has the right idea. When Open Source University graduates nine professionals, this is when I obtain my Ph.D.

Each Open Source student, STAR, has three years, three months, and three days to complete their degree. They will obtain their masters qualification as soon as they organize their work from their bachelor's degree to train masters. And when they train nine masters, they too will receive their PhD. their specialized work will be freely available in this type of format to train masters who will soon train masters and they will not charge for any of these services but will make a career from what they made themselves this is how we obtain and when you obtain your PhD you and I will be equals the only difference is I will be teaching the bachelor's program and you a specific area in the master's and in this position you will be required to take the courses of your students before you graduate them. Because we will spend the

rest of our lives sharing pizza with each other and learning from it. This is what a political party is. Welcome to the Open Source Republic. I was never asking.

I went to Canberra to do all this and was laughed out of town now I laugh all of you out of Parliament but the echoes of my laughs take a while to reach you just wait for the Sun it's about to flip this is the best spot for anything to nest. 9. I am going to continue to end up homeless until I find others who understand and reciprocate my passion for these subjects. Because I frighten people merely by being me and I could never afford to live alone and the thing is they know that I am right but my presentation is full of heart I never have this problem with children I wonder why I want to be around them so much They think my passion is awesome.

I'm going to be stopping all this soon. I don't know what I'm gonna do without my camera. But I will find out. I wish that you would just let me teach our youth how to do this in real life.

You know I would be much less intense if you would just let me smoke pot. With this new technology, I want to create a portable server that works on solar power which you can put in any tree that connects to whatever mobile network that you choose. tree top of the mountain hidden somewhere figure out a way to camouflage it Figure out how to harden it from weather We can create human technology to live on forever and I want to figure out a way to mass-produce it and I want to get the cost down to about $50 This is all possible within three years Why do businesses, companies ignore me? You know, I have brilliant ideas and I know how to use this technology.

I need a team. Then we don't have to worry about housing it somewhere. And we can have multiple devices like this all around the world and they can sync. It is unwise to continue to invest ourselves in improving quality of video and audio and the experience.

We're doing all this for entertainment.

It's not going to help us evolve.

What does 3D really offer you?

A headache. The more we pack into our files, the more difficult they will be to scan.

What content is in them that offers us no benefit to shine a light on it. We should be finding the sweet spot. The lowest quality that does not negatively affect our productions which we focus on. Since childhood, I have always been one of these.

Would this content in 3D better help you understand this? The only content that I would produce in 3D, if I could, would be when I'm climbing mountains.

There are many shots throughout all of my productions where I perform amazing feats at very interesting altitudes. But you miss this, because this misses it. These eyes are useless to you without understanding this. This case is the type of technology we need to use to harden our portable server.

It's life proof. This is how we should disguise it, with the shadow. We will have to wait for the fruits of the new solar technology to decide how to disguise that. I have done all of this because I am in love with a girl who can repair my bleeding heart.

And until I find her, the blood will spill all over society.

What is an equal for $666? Double jeopardy.

You need to feel, but you can't feel until you experience. Be with me despite those consequences and you will experience. Then you will be my equal. Learn how to read between the lines from childhood.

Let your tears roll out the red carpet for you. Amen.

It's really smart. Throughout this entire election, there has been no mention on either side about the best man winning.

But whether you realize it or not, the best man has already won.

Gonna be the biggest star ever.

The end. How does our atmosphere feel about that? Twelve dollars. Twelve Olympians. Theogony.

Where was it left? At the back? I don't know. All we need is a punch in the face.

Don't even need it. Open source university. Eat your heart out world.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



Movies-What-Do-You-Do-With-a-Philosophy-Major

What do you do with a philosophy major? Like Red on That 70s Show says, there's no philosophy factories.

I'll tell you what you do with a philosophy major. You suffer. You learn and analyze your own human condition. You suffer through it.

You experience it. You feel the material that you read through. and you understand and connect with it then after great amounts of suffering you are able to take hold of your own life and place it where you want it you are able to break the shackles that society has placed on you and make your life whatever you want you become master of your own destiny this my friend is philosophy. This is what you do with a philosophy major. Fuck employment. Learn

yourself. Become the best that you can be. Become a philosopher.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



Movies-Who-Am-I

YOU NEED ME. I have spent my life throwing myself into bad situations in order to learn in and out how the systems reacted to loving and passive rebellion. I have been processed through many of the institutions that directly cause our oppressions. learning these subjects both theoretically and practically.

I look out for these inconsistencies within our current understandings of life and then shout out my findings to the entire world stupidly without asking one cent from you. I carefully think out and produce interpretations that can not only change the world but each individual from within and as a result into society. For now I will choose to live, always invested in giving to you content that can show you not only how to save your lives but also your souls. No one can ever give me one good reason why everybody doesn't love me for the exact person that I am in myself and as a result society.

I live my soul for you in search for your heart and entertain you along the way. You are stupid if you don't love me for exactly the person that I am. Each time you don't appreciate me, an amazing genius like myself loses a little more faith in humanity. Welcome to my website, which is your haven into healthy means of university education. You have now become my student, and along our journey I hope you can also

become my teacher. We will never be enemies, but I choose not to ascribe to unhealthy forms of communication. If you are not with your most upstanding of intentions within all interactions with me, then I will not respond in order to save my own psychology. But you are always welcome to my door if we can interact in the most caring, meaningful, and passive of practices.

I am entirely trustworthy and will respond in the most healthy manner possible depending on my abilities and life circumstances. I am a superhuman. Let me show you how you too can also reach your own god-like abilities. You have just stumbled upon a website that will change absolutely everything about all your circumstances, please take my hand as I bring you into the wilderness of life.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



Movies-World-Domination

Greetings and welcome to who gives a crap and this is my last video of poor quality for I now have a good camera. I guess I'll show you that. me inside all right so I got a really cheap camera and I think you should probably notice this because this is what's going to be filming divine tragedy or or ivory heart maybe um the divine tragedy series it's a $99 camera it's really crap and cheap and I got an SD card in it that's pretty big and it works pretty well and I can manipulate images to be however I want to express them so it's kind of funny because I'm going to continue on my journey to screw up your mind and that's what I do best I guess this is the camera that's going to bring you some awesome shoots. Here we go. Fake Tech or however you pronounce

that. I don't really care. But that is my camera. And that is going to provide you with some really awesome shoots. It costs $99. It's really cheap. And it's full HD. So I can

with your mind using that and other methods within that including playing with filters because I love filters and there's a lot of cool filters out there to enjoy and I know a lot of the cool filters so we can enjoy it together if that's so what you desire I don't really care man like I seriously do not care um you don't like this who gives a crap um you know I've been freaking homeless for the past three years and trying to make a living off my own talents and you don't want to make, you don't want to enable me to make that living, so I'm just going to keep doing what I do best, and you can keep persecuting me, which a lot of you do, a lot of you do, so don't act like you're innocent in this situation, because you're not, and even if you're coming across this upon the first time, you go, hey, you know, this guy's a bit weird, you know? To be honest, fuck you. You know, look at the life you live and then the life that you assert to live, and those are usually pretty different things. So, maybe you should try to live the life that you preach, and then maybe we can all get along but when you don't then then people are mean to me cuz I'm weird man I'm weird look at me oh I'm so weird who gives a crap doesn't matter like what matters like what do I have to offer that's what you should be asking yourself right now what does this person in front of the camera that's going to trying to amaze you is saying and well that person has a lot to say and you know what Ivory Heart you know it and it's so funny and I think about it and it's so funny but you know who Ivory is you don't because you're an idiot I live in a world of sleepwalkers But you know what, my mission in life isn't to become the most famous person in the world because you know what, I'm so much cooler than them.

But my mission in life is to try my best to give everything I have to show you what is important. And what you think is important, I don't think it is. So, use all of your subjugation, use all of your collective oppression against me and I don't give a shit, you know, do it. Fuck you.

What I do care about, though, is you learning who I am. And you actually looking at me as another person. And not just some person that's here on YouTube now going, hey, you can be weird. Oh, no, that's not what I'm preaching.

So what I ask of you is be receptive.

And you know what? I don't really care if you are ultimately. because the thing is is that causal chains are formed from an ideal and I've spent so many years forming an ideal that would not be corruptible and what we have now both without I'm talking both within our educational facilities, which are like, ah, don't teach. And our entertainment industries, it's the same freaking thing.

So what I tell you today is that, yes, maybe education is not free to the world. But what I tell you tomorrow is that education will be free to the world. And the whole thing is that I have a freaking entire life to do this. So you persecute me and you say mean things to me and it makes me laugh so much.

And you know why? That's because what I have to offer is much more needed, necessary, requirement for the evolution of our society.

So, if you don't like me, fuck you! I don't give a shit!

But the thing is that some of you will look beyond my swear words that I use with meaning. And I don't throw it on the ground. Meaning is important. If we are to swear, how are we to swear?

How am I swearing?

Laugh for right now. For that is so funny because I am only performing a play for you right now to entertain you. But you know what? It's all going to change.

It's all going to backfire. there is so many social repercussions that exist that your mind would just be out there man seriously everything i'm doing everything i've done look at my work if you don't care then just freaking go die like the rest of humanity but the thing is is that what i have done is freaking awesome. So screw you to the world that doesn't want me to exist. But the thing is that I want to exist. I want to love, man. I want to care and have meaningful relationships

with other people. And if I can't do that in this life, then this life is literally meaningless to me so who gives a crap i'm just gonna play with the world but the thing is is that there might be a few of you a few of you who actually care and you know what those few who do care are on my heart at all times. That is agape. That is love.

That is true, meaningful love. And if you can, like, say, hey, this guy's so weird because of this and that and that, then you know what? Screw you. I don't want you around me while I'm developing these amazing systems.

And if you don't see these systems as amazing, then screw you because I've spent my life doing them. And if you don't think these are amazing, then you're saying that my life is not amazing. I can care less about you, so go die.

Sorry, maybe not die. Just go in a corner where you can devolve as your natural inspirations take you.

I really am sorry. I didn't mean to say die.

Because you people have been telling me to die the whole time. And the thing is, you said, I'm not telling you to die, but yes, you are. Look at what you're saying. Look at your comments over the whole period of my time trying to free education.

You persecute what is not understood. And that is not cool. That does not make people feel good. How are you to encourage development when you're the one discouraging it?

so screw you. You know what? We should free education. And when I say we, I'm talking about you and me. So there's two parts of the equation. You can't just say, hey, this

part of the equation is fulfilled, so let's go dance happily forever after. You have to go, well, what other things do we have involved there? And you know what? I'm going to give you a lot of productions that you don't like, but the thing is, the thing is, is that you will like them. And do you know why that is? Because I tell you to like them. And this

is so funny because I can see it within society. If I learn how to tell you how something is so awesome, then that thing is pretty awesome. So, look what we have before us. We have, it's pretty dark, but, okay, so we have the base teacher, which is Nesmith.net, N-E-S-M-I-T-H.net.

Okay. We have that functioning as a model teacher. And what is a model teacher? Yeah, let's ask ourselves these questions. Okay, so we got to ask ourselves what a teacher is.

What is a teacher? A teacher is someone who invests themselves in guiding others. And then what is a model? Well, a model is an archetype. It's a mold. And which others that don't necessarily possess the understandings to develop a mold, which is most of us, which is me, like in my younger years, then can go into and be integrated within.

and then we got to ask ourselves how we can make this all profitable because otherwise we're going to be a whole bunch of dickheads sorry sorry for my language but freaking dickheads not knowing what we're doing but but some we're in a system so it's all right yeah yeah yeah it's all right we're in a system um have invested my entire life to free education and this is not just right now this is for the last three years and this is not just for the last three years this is actually for my lifetime but the last three years has been fully invested too. So this means that I was always striving for this development but I was never actually entirely invested until the last three years. So look at three years and then think about all the conscious seconds that are available within our human experience and then i want you to think about what i'm doing and uh so we got all these conscious seconds available and there's someone like me who says yeah i'll take them i'll take them and someone like me who is you know low class and freaking despicable spit on, spit upon by all those people who consider themselves awesome by society's standards. We got something here coming into perspective that is within the test of time.

And the thing is that what is in the test of time isn't the crap that you're being fed to on a day-to-day basis, those conscious seconds that say, yo, this TV show or this TV show, you know, these are a bunch of rubbish. Like, the topics behind what are being presented is the gold. And the thing is, if something and say, oh, I can present a topic, right? They go, okay, well, let's present this topic.

But the thing is, everything that remains outside of that topic is unexplored. And those who try to go beyond that end up getting removed from that because that is not a profitable endeavor but the thing is it is it is and you know what okay I'm gonna tell you honestly I'm gonna tell you everything freaking honestly and that is that everything I'm doing is going to make a huge impact on everything else that is involved with society you people say to me that hey you're not as awesome as you think you are and I don't give a crap you keep doing that that's awesome. I'll keep, you know, polishing. I don't give a crap at all about that. But the thing is

is that you look at actually the content of what I'm delivering and then the receptivity of your minds. And the thing is you can track this. It's so funny because you can track this. You can know how mean people were to me who invested their whole lives into freeing education in the best way that they know possible.

You know, who is the angel here? And who is the demon? Yes, I have special skills in molding my existence. I see the abstract beyond our own perception. And you know what? I grab onto it.

I make it everything that it should be, but those who don't, those who can't see that, those who can't understand that, those who can't feel that, will end up in a much worse place than I am. So, I give my life over to you, humanity, and every single one of you that has the love in their hearts to make this entire world a better place. and if we can't do it then that is okay entirely okay because you know what I did everything that I could to do it and if you can't come around to different but still valid perspectives then you know what fuck you and I don't want you in my life So, get out of it or join it, one or the other. So, I love you because I want the best for you.

The thing is that I don't think you know what the best for you is. And if I can only guide you into what might be the best for you, then I have done my job. And if none of this ever hits off, and all of this is just, you know, washed under the bridge, I could care less. So I'm doing what I have been called to do, what I have invested my entire life to do.

And if you can't appreciate that, then you know what, I'm sorry, I can't do any better. So if I can't do any better, and you're still expecting more, or you're still expecting something different, then fuck you. Maybe though, we could take these two hands that we have and combine them. Because the mold that is created within those hands is very difficult to break away.

And if we love within our hearts, then maybe we could become so much more than we think we are. Because I will tell you that we are so freaking much more than our stupid minds let us think as. Because the demigods of the world, is it you, will take over the world. and I am one of them so let it happen or kill me, freaking kill me, I don't give a crap, do whatever you want, I have nothing in my life that matters to me, all that matters to me is the cause that I am invested in and this is the free education so it is so funny, it is so freaking funny because you think I care but I could care freaking less, it does not matter to me. All I am trying to do is free education. And when I say free education,

I mean open source into public domain. And if you're not doing that, you're not freeing education. So let's release this freaking video. And yeah, I owe the rest to it because I'm freaking awesome. You know, no, you're not. You're freaking retard. Freaking release

it into the domain, and then we can all learn how to develop together, and if you can't do that, then you are framed in your socially indoctrinated follies that I will fight against for the rest of my life. And you know what? If you're one of those people who are against me in this whole thing I've been saying over the last drunk 10 minutes that I've been presenting this to you, then screw you. It does not matter to me because the thing is that this is all going to happen. And if you don't have the

minds and the hearts to develop it, then you are not one of my allies. And if you're not one of my allies, then screw you. Go away. It doesn't matter. But if you are, then I

would love to join hands with you. Because the thing is, is that I've been developing this for so long alone. I don't want to be alone. I want to hold hands with other awesome people. I want to

love and care about people and be there and be a loving person for others. And the thing is, that you have disconnected me from this. And why have you disconnected me from this? Well, that's because I'm a weird guy.

Look at the video that you're getting now.

So even though so many might condescend me or persecute me, and this happens on an everyday basis, I'm always in forums and trying to, you know, reach out to the people who actually care. And you know, there's not many people who care. But the thing is, I care.

And the question, at the end of the day, is whether you care.



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



Movies-Zombie-Apocalypse-A-Love-Story-Trailer

It's time to wake up, Wendell.

Can we do it?

Can we teach our children?



════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════



Movies-Zombie-Apocalypse-A-Love-Story

Is this art? They're trying to institutionalize me again. They're trying to sort out and transfer to psychiatry. Oh, not that show, not that show, oh.

All of these batteries are compatible with this guy.

Have you finished filming? And now I've got to have a special. Is this one? No, man.

So we'll touch it up and engrave on it a little bit later. This is going to my father, an open source teacher. This is being donated for open source education. It's almost as good as this one.

But I found the problem when getting this one. And I kind of wanted a new one anyway. But even though it's almost the same stats, I wanted one. And this one is the reflection of the other.

So this is my bag. Tomorrow I'm leaving here. And I've got a place to go right now. But this is how I'm going to live.

This bag right here has two bags in it. And these are going to a locker. I'm putting this in a locker. So all of this will pack up into here and it's not very heavy and that's everything that I need and along my journeys I can get everything else that is required so I can live a really cool life and be poor doing it.

not really poor man I'm on disability now so I can give it all to you because that's my disability is doing this because I can't do anything else and I know this movie is going to be a bit different it's pretty much silent until now so just I guess notice try to notice the the differences in this or even the things that you can do the methods that you can use to make a good production. And even though it might be very different from what we consider a normal production or what we consider something culturally normal in our society. I mean, if we only learn to make advanced meaning receptive within our current culture, then we're going to get a lot of really cool people. And there's many different ways to convey messages, and I'll show you one here. I won't say anything, and you'll

be able to determine a great deal from without saying anything it's a it's a really interesting thing the it's really interesting how how you can say a lot without saying anything and that's what I've been trying to do really before maybe six months or even three months I've been really trying hard to do that and to say a lot without saying anything, and let's see, I've already done it, so you've seen it, you've seen it, but, you know, reality speaks for itself, And when we use that reality to convey a message, then we're using something that's grounded upon solid foundations. It's not a fictional fantasy that we're talking about here, even if it's portrayed like one. So even though I am a tradition and I give you stories of myths and fables all the time, really look at it and question whether I am or not. What is it that I'm doing?

And it's so funny because most people don't realize, and then if they do, they get upset or something. I'm just going to relax and tell you the final words about this production.

But it's amazing how meaning and interpretation really changes meaning, changes what you're talking about, what it's all about. Like imagine, well, you just watched the beginning of this and you're about to find out more about this subject. So when you do, then you're going to understand the scenes a lot differently. So if this is the first time you've seen my work, then I guess you're kind of in for a treat because you're going to see a lot of things revealed that you probably didn't realize or notice in the production.

But I'll tell you the story, and it's really embarrassing. And it was exploration, but at the end of the day, I am who I am, and this wasn't out of my character to do this. even though I got lots of lectures after it like I stood up for myself the whole way and even though it was a stupid choice of mine that resulted in people having to help me I mean isn't that what we're all here about anyway and of course I'm not going to do it again but the thing is this whole process has really changed a lot for me Um, for a lot of different reasons and I think I'll let those reasons unveil over time and not, uh, not give you all the spoilers. Um, because you can, you can figure out exactly what I'm going to do next if, uh, if you, if you're just smart, if you just put one and one together.

So this production all occurred after I took this cable right here which wasn't working it wasn't charging the laptop I took it it was skinny but I folded it in half and so So I could use it and I lubricated it and stuck it up my urethra. And I did that because I wanted to see what it felt like. My friends were joking early about a device that did something like that. And I looked into it and there was a lot more about it and I just wanted to see what it felt like.

And that's entirely within my character, and even though it had bad results, it's actually done a lot of good downstairs because it was inside the urethra, the tissue was damaged, and it's very, very sensitive there. I mean, you can probably just imagine, so that damage, it caused extra sensitivity down there, and I can't really use anything, but I can feel a lot, and the thing is, I know, there's things I'm learning about myself through all this, and it's going to help me do all that I'm going to do. always turn situations around and I got more another reference for housing through it and and moved a lot of hearts there's a lot of people that came to me and said that said that she even even from the situation but said that that I helped them see a different perspective so we look at the results through that I'll tell you why, I guess, if you're reading what I was putting in front of you earlier, the medical thing. Okay, so I did this and I went to the emergency room.

I went to, I called an ambulance, actually. It was really embarrassing. Everybody laughing at me, but I took it because I knew that it was going to be one of those situations. And, um, and then got to the emergency room. No one looked at it though, so they didn't know how serious it was. But, uh, but either way, uh, because it once is not lubricated, then it gets bad. Um, but, uh, they, they kept me waiting for like nine hours or around there.

Uh, maybe a little bit longer, maybe a little bit shorter, but, uh, it was so bad. And, um, and then when they finally got, uh, got me in, then they noticed how bad it was and they, uh, and they pumped me full of morphine and they kept, it was like an unlimited tab. They're like, you want more? I was like, yeah, no, I guess not.

Nah, nah, I'll just, I'm good. But, uh, it was, it was definitely interesting. But after that, see, I mean, this is a whole story. This is a long story.

But this is my life. This is day-to-day events in my life. But I talked to, um, hold on. You've got to watch this.

So after I got taken in, I got put on morphine, and the doctors knew it was something that had to be done pretty quickly. So after I got in, it was all pretty quick. for at least the main operation and what they did is they told me that they might have to cut my pubic region and stick a catheter in there and pull, or not even, just cut it and then pull the wire out from the top because it was stuck in the bladder, the wire was stuck in the bladder and that's why I had to go to the hospital of course because I couldn't get it out. So then they did that but they also put a catheter in my urethra and there's a lot of damage there and they can't go and just do that. They didn't even tell me that they were going to do that.

I came to them to get something out of my penis, not put something in it. So when I woke up, I went crazy. I went absolutely crazy and told them I was going to take it out if they were not going to take it out. And I didn't care.

I would say, I don't care about your medical system. I know I can do things myself. I got two feet in a heartbeat. And I know myself better than you know me, no matter what qualifications you have.

so I'll take it out I'll leave here and take it out unless they put me involuntary which we'll talk about in a second but they thought I was absolutely crazy it was all because of the IDC the urethra catheter and that was making me really go crazy because it was so sensitive around the area that it was damaged, and they put something in there that stretches it. I mean, how stupid are you?

But I walked out. I said, oh, I'm going to walk out, and then they got the psych involved, and then they were playing with me, so I just walked away. And with this thing dripping everywhere, they wouldn't give me a clamp because they hooked me up to like a big thing that I unhooked from. Because I was going to leave and they were trying to get me not to leave.

But I ended up doing it and getting away from all their guys. I mean, they had, like, 15 nurses and maybe five doctors around me at one stage, so it was really bad. And, I mean, this story is really hard. I know I'm not doing it perfect, but, I mean, look at this story and then assess, you know, how you would tell a story like this if it happened to you.

and I mean whether you could tell it straight or whether you have to I guess tell it in pieces like I'm doing but I tend to be better at telling everything in pieces and then you make a hole from those pieces. So I'm wearing that as just a band because I've got this over here which is going to my father which he really needs right now because because of some problems and he needs that if he's gonna be able to do anything good with his life which he's been set up to be able to do so much and I just want to enable him to do that and basically give him no excuses not to because if he if he has everything he doesn't then he's gonna feel really bad about that because God provided him everything he needed and it was at the end of the day him that couldn't do it if if you know I give him everything to do it because he's yeah he's a professor in education and he could really change the way we all see about we all look at education and the thing is when I'm saying open source education I think we should do this from many different angles we shouldn't just say this is this is how where I'm directed you know this is the school that I'm in I'm I'm a teacher here I mean do open source it in many different ways and and you can already see the revolution is already happening well everything I talked about is happening in a big way right now I guess back to the story. So I, and this is right after surgery and having a catheter and a urea, two catheters in, walking away out of the bed, all drugged up, and walking, or almost, not running, but walking fast away from lots of people chasing me, and I was kind of, you know, off my head a little bit because of the drugs they were giving me, so I didn't know where I was going. I didn't have very good direction. I ended up in the basement somehow. I mean, I went far. I went

far and they were chasing me for a long time and eventually they got like 10 wardsmen to chase me down and then grab me and then hold me and then stretch me out and inject me and then they continued that for a while and my whole thing was that this catheter in my penis had to come out because it was really bad, it was really uncomfortable and it ultimately was making me crazy and I was telling them this but they didn't understand English or any other type of meaningful communication because apparently people never say what they mean when you're dealing with psychiatric services but so they they then assessed me and and I knew this is bad because what always happens when people assess me but a bang involuntary straightaway and and then they were going to transfer me to the psych ward. I've never been there. I've never been to that place. It's a really bad place. I'm happy in life. I'm doing what I love doing and I'm

doing good at it. I had deadlines and I just started school full time. I'm working really hard and and I can't even get respected you know to to not be admitted into a psych ward that's that's terrible I mean because what's wrong with my life I came there for a medical issue that was of a physical nature and they turn it around around to a psychiatric nature and I say in all our productions we have so many problems with our psychiatric services and I wish that we would just change them to work with spectrums instead of disorders, and work with personality types instead of disabilities, because we made these things up anyway, and if we made them up, then why can't we make up ones that are actually healthy and don't create things like labeling theory to divide your fellow human from um from uh divide you from your fellow human and and zombie apocalypse uh it turned out i mean see my productions never turn out later supposed to i mean that was planned like just like everything that was planned a long time before this happened but you see i use the events in my life to uh create meaning or to even demonstrate that meaning and i mean that's That's the point of mythology, is to really condition or ingrain good values in the person who is studying it, and you know, fairy tales and fables, they're meant to be, it's from childhood that you receive these things, and if you are receptive to understand what they're talking about or even think for the rest of your life about what they're talking about then there then children are the ones that end up getting these things first and and apparently it's all childish and stuff like that because children like it but I mean look what it can make you we think that these things are actually fake but but somehow our TV is real and somehow like shows like cops and stuff like that are real and so many other pawn shows and stuff that I mean these things are not real there there is very little real TV out there and but we think we think it is because we're not used to the way that they shoot and in the way that they shoot you know it's not it's not a time orientated or it might be but it's not it's not it's not usually a live production or if it is live then they can take a I mean it wouldn't it it wouldn't be you wouldn't be able like the methods that they use to to bring Bringing you the fireworks is ultimately not good because those methods came from a fictional source that had very little or no meaning that we could extract from the productions. So we really need to look at what it is that we're putting into our heads, and then assess whether we really should be putting that into our heads, or if we should be looking for new mediums of artistic portrayals that are receptive to us.

So now I'm homeless again or I'm always homeless but now as you can see from all of this which is going to be going in here that I have condensed my life to become an electronic form and it's It's kind of funny because I think about body modification to create an ubermitch, a superman or cyberpunk where you use electronic equipment and then somehow surgically implant them in your body. I hate that, because I hate the catheter, I hate all of these, I can't stand any foreign body that's in myself, so you know, in the mark of the beast, you know, I was thinking how cool would it be to have a chip, you know, like right there or something like that, that you can just scan and be on any laptop, be anywhere that you end up and not have to worry about bringing around cards and stuff and ultimately I can see a real benefit in that but it kind of creeps me out and what's the mark of the beast so but it's something that That could really help us if we did something like that, but I don't know, I guess how long would it take? And then what if we could hook up with our retinas or somehow the nervous system within, what if we could hook up with different organs in that and improve their efficiency? That's questions that we have, ethical questions that we'll be having in the future as the human race, whether we're going to go down the path of Terminator or not, but I don't think we can't, we don't have to, we don't have to, because it's on the airways if we use this cloud, this cloud that has everything on it that we can make, have everything on it of ours and we can just keep on adding. The cloud just gets bigger and bigger and

bigger. There's no going back. And if you learn how to use it, you can put your entire life on it. I guess that's my vision of the future electronic human race, integrating into their lives, so not necessarily a physical integration, like a lot of movie portrayals tell us, but instead really a spiritual integration, because that's kind of what the internet is doing.

I mean, I've told you all about this, and we've got lots of articles on the Mark of Humanity and the marks of humanity. From tablets and animal skins and then we get the printing press revolution. Every single time it's a revolution because we can convey meaning to more people for cheaper and then we get the internet and it's like what really does this open up. So, I mean, we gotta go through the body, and then we gotta go through the mind, and then we gotta go through the spirit. That's how it all works. That's how it always works.

But I guess I'll talk about mythology now. I'm gonna end this movie. And I know it was a weird production for you, but I do hope I made it interesting enough. And I submitted this production like the descriptions are always the same because like before I did the production it's the same as after I do the production because it's always the same things that I'm trying to convey I just do them really differently like whenever life events come in which is why people which I guess is a lot why people but why my productions are much different than other peoples um so i want to talk about mythology that's where i was sorry i lose my train of thought and to be honest i'm spacing out a little bit here um because i got so many topics on on my heart that i'm trying to convey um but that's okay uh because that's life and that's what we are and we're all see i'm going from topic to topic and topic to topic and and the thing is Why is this a bad way, why is this a bad form of communication?

If we do that, I mean, we can always resume those topics at another time.

So it's not necessarily a bad thing. And don't judge, like, don't, if you're talking about a topic and you don't fully understand, you know, wait until you understand before you make judgments about it. So, and be appreciative of that pause, that time in between before the conversation continues. And you should always be thinking about these conversations that don't finish them, because, I mean, that's like unfinished business.

You're the huntress. And I keep getting off topic, but I guess I'm talking about getting off topic. Um, so, I will bring that to the story of Pyramus and Thisbe, and, uh, and I guess I'll just tell the story, um, or a shortened version of it, um, which is what Zombie Apocalypse is really, uh, aiming to convey. I'm Pyramus, and my Thisbe is on the other side of the wall.

And this story was reinterpreted by Shakespeare, both with A Midsummer Night's Dream and Romeo and Juliet. What it's ultimately conveying is forbidden love. But people don't understand why it's forbidden, or they don't think about those things. And I'm not saying every single situation is like that, is, you know, like mine, like what I'm doing.

And then sometimes you'll get, like, a cut. And that was because I lost my train of thought and just spaced out and started thinking about, you know, what it was that I'm saying. I mean, this type of communication isn't easy, and I don't expect anybody to think that it's easy. because you will get lost but ultimately this is better than writing this is better than anything like that because we're showing we're giving it all this is writing plus a lot of other stuff and if we can learn to not work off a script but work off of our hearts and the hearts ultimately creates the script afterwards instead of before the fact Um, you've got both text and speech there, so we should be employing that.

And, and, Thisby is my neighbor, and, uh, she is on the other side of the wall.

And every night, I sit and talk to her.

I like to think I give her poetry. I like to think that I give her poetry that she will remember for the rest of her life.

And on the other side, I know she's there even though she's not beside me, even though I can't see her, and even though everything tells me to stop what I'm doing, I know she's there and her being there gives me inspiration to continue what I'm doing and really just to help her become everything that she can be and ultimately if she's not ever going to be mine that doesn't matter anyway because the person that she's going to end up becoming is going to be a really awesome person and it only takes one it only takes one and that's what you guys don't realize you think I'm crazy but everything I say is going to happen I'm going to have to be very careful and I'm going to have to think out what I do very carefully because this could have a lot of ramifications in the future. So, I'm going to be very careful, which I really should be. But I really want, I mean, I think this should be allowed. I think this shouldn't be something tabooed. And because it could really help a lot of

I mean, it's not just me, if there's other people that are psychologically inclined like me, I mean, you can get everything in your heart. Legal or illegal, if you just learn how to employ it in a healthy way. And even though all of my side says that it doesn't allow, my captors, the family, which I mean, I guess what family are we talking about? I'm trying to explain the story of Thisbe and Pyramus, but it's coming out in fragments And if we can just, at the end, put all these fragments together, then I think you'll understand.

So, the families are fighting, and we get, you know, me. So, the people that are supportive of me as a person, really are they supportive? The people that really had me, and it's really talking about our parents, our mother, and our father. what is all these things talking about what's Living Neverland talking about we're always looking at different aspects of the same thing what's Pygmalion, what's Ivory Heart talking about what is Endemion talking about which we'll get to we'll get to so many things what is Rumpelstiltskin talking about we're so stupid We introduce fairy tales to our children and have no idea what the meaning is.

And when we present, when we expose that meaning, people get really, really, I guess, afraid. Because they realize that, you know, what the media that they're exposed to, what they missed. And, you know, what else is out there that they can miss. can miss and I'm just going to show you thing after thing that you missed and try to make them into good productions and I know that I say good productions and I do good productions but that's always hard and right now I think about me coming back and reviewing this video going is this really good I mean this is really fragmented so it's it's all it's all a learning process everything's a learning process but the thing is as I learn you can also learn and if we all do this then I can learn off you and ultimately what I want is you know children to teach me because then I can teach them. Like we could create some pretty awesome mutually beneficial

opportunities for all of us. So I mean that's why I want children to do what I'm doing and this is a children's film which I was going to change that but But then I decided not to. Through the catheter process, the hospital and stuff, I mean, the day that I went in, which was night, which was in the morning, or it was actually 11.30 that I went in, but you know, I didn't. The day that I got to the emergency room was the day that I was supposed to speak at the Linux Conf about open source education.

Not only that, it was the day that the guy who invented the world wide web was making a speech about the internet and the future. I mean, because we're talking about all these different things that education being free is going to set off. And not just education, but open source platforms for any type of project and it doesn't have to just be programming. Um, but even the programming stuff, I mean, that's all good, like everything that we get like that, that we can share and just mix and match and use. I mean, you can use every single frame in this, um, for whatever purpose that you want without even asking me, um, because it's open source. I mean, this is the source and it's open and I mean, look at the words. I mean, there's hidden meaning here.

It's a lot of hidden meaning here. And your parents protect you so much. They don't want you around me, but the thing is they can't tell me why. I'm not a bad person. I'm a good person.

Anybody that won my heart would be lucky to have me. And look how many other people there are of my integrity out there. and then go you know what are we doing like why why can we not you know allow this person to pursue you know things that can benefit us all even though you know it benefits them too it's always from the outside and we go go I'm sorry the inside out I said wrong we got to work from ourselves and then out so we got to use you know what we have and then integrate it in and um so so I don't usually get along with your parents but the thing is I'm trying to get your parents to I'm trying to find really I'm really kind of trying to find your parents um but but some parents that that uh you know have daughter really that can do all this that I'm saying and wants to you know really really into it and and and then ultimately I would be after her I was gonna say her finger I guess it is her ring finger and I'll be after marriage But, that's a long time away. But you see, I don't have sex before marriage. So, any sexual problems that you have with this are not grounded.

And I wouldn't do anything that's not ready on both sides, and I mean ready, I mean physically, mentally and spiritually. So that's a lot to go through, there's a lot of time that would pass, but I want to be the tutor. And why? Because, I mean, I spent my life trying to, you know, learn the most difficult subjects of humanity so I could help.

And I really just want my queen to be able, to be able, to be enabled, enabled to do everything that I'm saying. Because if I had an opportunity like this, when I was young, I would have jumped on it, and I would have done so well with it. um so so really we gotta ask you know what are we saying are we saying that this uh that when when your daughter gets to high school and and there's these seedy guys all over her that those guys are somehow more worthy to uh to date her than than you know someone like me who spends their life helping people? I mean, really, what are we saying? Not only that, what about who they're

going to end up with anyway? I mean, I see the world for what it is. I'm in it, and I spend my life watching it. I mean, I'm a sociologist in the field. Check out my work. And there's

not many females out there that end up with good guys, but that's because there's not many good guys out there and then how come we get a good guy you're giving you everything and in some reason that's not uh that's not good enough to have a chance at your daughter's heart i mean what are we talking about like all through our ages um princes searched for princesses and And the age thing wasn't a problem because love is all about the test of time. And if it's going to work, then it's going to go through time and it's going to have to evolve. I mean, and you're going to have to, you're going to learn each other really, really well. And, uh, so why, why do we cut off, you know, opportunities that are awesome?

Um, really because, because we're too ignorant to see the big picture. And, uh, and if we just step back and, and, you know, even, yeah, I say, uh, I have it, you know, ingrained in me, you know, step back and look at background. conditions same thing like you know form your psychology towards healthy forms of mental distribution and the thing is you use your own distribution what you've been given and just put that in the the best baskets possible and those baskets will always change and always evolve because you're forever learning so now Now we can always, so I'm not going to, I know that the parents' mind is not going to change too much about this. And ultimately I would really love, you know, having a relationship where those parents knew everything I was doing and was, you know, happy with that sort of relationship.

uh but but i'm going to uh propose and i'm i say that we should elope and i know the story uh so so i'm going to tell you that it doesn't end well um because when we elope we'll do it will go to the fountain. And we have to go there at different times because we can't let our family know. And you're going to get there early and there's going to be a lioness there. And that lioness is going to scare you because it has blood all around its mouth it just ate and you're going to run and then your veil is going to fall off and then the lioness is going to walk over there and play with your veil a little bit and then it's going to have blood on it and I'm going to get there and I'm going to see this and I'm to think that the Lioness has taken your life and then I'm going to realize that my life isn't worth living without you and that's why I put everything on the line and that's why I'm telling you something really big kind of openly to be able to get this and because it's not worth it, it's not worth it for me to exist, um, in this life, even, I mean, I love it because of what I'm doing, I love it because I'm doing exactly what I should be doing, um, but if I didn't have that, I mean, if I didn't have what I'm doing now, um, really, it's going, it would be really hard for me, and, and I wouldn't be able to do it. So it's like, well, even though I might end up dead in the process, the sword is driven

through my heart. At least it was the sword of love that did it. Because there's nothing better than love, that, I mean, look at, look at, what's important to you, it's what you love, if it's your physical, if it's your physical manifestations, then you've just, uh, fell in love with the wrong source, uh, and we get back to these words, we get back to these words, but then, then you're gonna come back, because maybe the lioness is gone, and you're looking for me, remember? But my body's gonna be dead. It's gonna be lifeless. And you're

gonna see the sword driven through my chest. And you're going to feel like life cheated

you. And you could have had everything that you wanted in life. If the people around you

you only helped you actually get to the places where you wanted to be and yeah I'm sorry you're gonna feel betrayed by me because because I'm laying there dead and and that's not going to be comfortable for you at all and and you're going to then have to make the decision whether whether you want to be with me or not and in order to be with me you have to follow that blade really you have to also thrust yourself upon that blade and then our hearts can bleed together and no matter what form this happens and I mean I worked off the test of time hello world a hundred years from now I mean look at what you're dealing with but before you thrust yourself on the blade you will make a prayer that will cause a chain reaction and from that prayer the mulberries will turn red from the blood that weeps from our hearts. And as we lay there together, skewed, we will be placed in the skies. And even though our love might never be allowed, it will for some people in our future. And what is it that we're trying to do? And if we're not trying to make a better future for everybody

that's like us, then, um, are we doing the right thing? Are we? Uh, so, I mean, I'm not just working for me here, and, and you're not my Thisbe if you're only working for you. But from those stars, we will shine as the brightest of them, and those around us will into the most beautiful constellation ever perceived by human existence and none of it matters whether we live or not because our entire life is on the internet and we are always going to live for we are nearly immortal I guess our ability to survive really depends on our collective human ability to survive but also in saying that we're going to have a lot of archaeological evidence at that point anyway so I would say you know look how long things are gonna survive and we just got a platform that we cannot you know stick a whole bunch of data on pretty much nothing we don't really know what it is i mean it's sort of everything which is like all the parts forming into a whole and i hope this production has done that for you because uh that's really what it is it's just lots and lots of parts and um and if if you can piece those parts together if you can if you can work on that puzzle and if you can work that puzzle out then maybe I would like to hear from you. I do hope you enjoyed the movie. I'm

not gonna say much more about it because this was a very awkward movie to produce and I kind of hope that no one I know watches this movie. So let's see if we can do this right here, okay? God bless my friends. Dear Thisbe, I know that you have a lot of trials and tribulations headed your way, and I wish you the best for those. I know it can be

difficult because I do it on a day-to-day basis, but each and every step I want you to remember that I love you and no matter how old you are I now publicly drive my flag into the ground and give you this which is what I should have gave you a long time ago


༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻
https://republicka.life
https://kkk.education
CC0 PUBLICKÁ DOMÁNIA
ALL LOVE RESERVED
AMORIARIACKA IS MY NATIVE TONGUE
༺━━━━━༻❀༺━━━━━༻